Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call today. Let me begin on Slide 3. 2021 was a transformational year for Huntington. We continue to live our purpose and remain focused on our vision to become the country's leading people first digitally powered bank. We executed on our organic growth initiatives along with a timely closing of the TCF acquisition. In the fourth quarter, we began by successfully completing conversion activities. And by the time we exited the quarter, we'd refocused our teams on driving growth. We delivered record new loan production and continued to build on revenue initiatives. We entered '22 with added scale, density, new markets and specialty businesses. We are intently focused on driving growth and delivering top tier financial performance. On Slide 4, we're pleased to report our excellent fourth quarter results centered on four key areas. First, we finished '21 with record full year revenue growth and broad-based loan production. We delivered strong performance across the board in our commercial businesses. Second, our targeted cost savings are on track for full realization. This includes both the synergies resulting from TCF as well as the additional expense actions we announced last quarter. Third, we are executing on key initiatives to deliver sustainable growth. Pipelines are robust entering '22 and our teams are focused on driving revenue growth, including the revenue synergy initiatives related to our new markets, and capabilities. Finally, we are very confident in our outlook for 2022 and beyond. Slide 5 recaps our year-end review. Our financial results reflect the hard work of our teams over the course of '21. Return on tangible common equity came in at 19% excluding notable items. Credit performed very well, and we returned significant capital to our shareholders. We delivered robust organic growth in both consumer and business checking households with year-over-year growth of 4.5% and 7%, respectively. We continue to invest in revenue producing colleagues and initiatives, including new and expanded commercial banking verticals, capital markets, cards and payments and wealth management. In the commercial bank, we launched EDGE, an innovative analytics tool that supports our bankers deepening efforts incorporating advanced data and insights tailored to each customer. In consumer banking, we build upon our Fair Play approach and launched new and compelling products and services, such as Standby Cash and Early Pay. We expanded our leading SBA lending program to new states as well as added to our practice finance capabilities. We were honored to be recognized for our expertise evidenced by being ranked number one by J.D. Power for both customer satisfaction within our region, as well as the top consumer mobile app amongst regional banks for the third consecutive year. Impressively, this was all achieved while our team successfully completed the closing and conversion of TCF. On the capital front, we were pleased to accelerate our share repurchase program as well as increase the common stock dividend. In closing, our teams accomplished a tremendous amount of work over the course of the year, and I want to thank all of our colleagues and our management team who supported these efforts. I am increasingly bullish on the year ahead. The level of excitement is building across the organization and our colleagues are energized and focused. We look forward to sharing our successes with all of you as we move throughout the year. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Zach. Slide 17 summarizes what we believe is a compelling opportunity. Huntington stands as a powerful top 10 regional bank with scale and leading market density as well as a compelling set of capabilities, both in footprint and nationally. We're focused on driving sustainable revenue growth, which is bolstered by new markets and new businesses. This growth opportunity augments our underlying businesses in many cases where we have top 10 market positions. As a result of these factors, we've demonstrated robust financial performance that we expect to further improve as we move throughout '22. We believe our return on capital will be in the top tier versus peers, which results in substantial value creation for shareholders. Tim, let's open up the call for Q&A.
Steve Steinour: Yes, I would say it's mainly driven by where we end on asset growth. The more asset growth we have, the more kind of incremental NII lift we will have on a growth basis, just given the fact that the yield will be stable to up. And so that's the big driver there I think as well. Just further to the last question, where the rate curve ends up going throughout the course of the year, it's clearly been somewhat volatile here over the last several months. At the -- where it’s at now, I think our guidance stands and those are the dynamics that drive the range within it.
Steve Steinour: Steven, just add on, we took some actions in the third quarter, and that includes 62 branch consolidations, that will happen in early February. And we took some other management, what we’ve stylized as organization issues as well. So, we anticipated some level of inflation coming into the year. We try to get ahead of it with those actions taken in the third quarter.
Steve Steinour: Yes, let me start. We introduced Fair Play 12 years ago, brought out 24-hour Grace and Asterisk-Free Checking. We've been doing things almost every year. 2014, we noticed all the deposits, but more recently and in '20, we put the safety zone and $50 minimal that we took 24-hour Grace to our business customers, because of the pandemic and the impact on small businesses and we felt that was the right time and thing to do to help those businesses at that point in time. But last year, we came forward with Standby Cash and Early Pay. And obviously, we've rolled all that out effective with the conversion to the TCF customers. So, we've pointed out an expected drag of that. Now we also -- we backed ourselves into a leadership position, I think for more than the last decade in this area. It's added to our brand value, our customer household growth, our relationship retention and expansion and significant deepening across product. So that is added to our brand and our loyalty and I think as we go forward, we will still retain this leadership role. There are plans we have in place going back now a number of months to do some more, looking out for our customers with Fair Play obviously with what the industry is doing and pivot in the last month or so. We're watching that closely and we would expect to react to that and will communicate more going forward. But Zacks guidance range includes what we're contemplating as we move forward this year in Fair Play and other fees. Maybe Zach you can just embellish the guidance, if you will .
Steve Steinour: Jon, our outlook is for reductions during '22 and charge-offs below the historic range. And we ended the year with very, very good credit quality and very pleased with performance of the portfolio that came up with TCF. So, loans have been regraded. So, there's consistency now, as of end of year. And the economic outlook plus what we see in the customer base is it gives us a lot of optimism as we go forward on the provision line.
Steve Steinour: My current belief, Jon, is that we are going to go through '24 with a fairly robust GDP growth and performance on credit. And there's just an enormous amount of stimulus that's been enacted thus far. And some of it is multiyear, where the economy has performed well, but it's been labor constrained. As that sorts out, I think that puts longer legs into the growth. The supply chain issues that we face that are constraining production did constrain at '21, we will do so for much of '22, if not all the year, we'll get updated over time. We think things will get better a bit in the second half. But in some of these industries, '23 will become a more normal year. So those factors and others give us confidence that we've got a multiyear positive slope on loan growth and GDP and underlying credit quality. Now Rich will remain disciplined. We published the quarterly results for consumer and there's literally no variance over the last decade plus. So, we're quite confident of our capabilities to manage the risks at these levels. We're very pleased with the additional talent we gathered from TCF both in the origination side and in credit areas as we think about future. So, '25 or beyond would be where we're a little more concerned that we will be over the next few years.
Steve Steinour: Zach, if I could add, the capital markets fee income lift in the fourth quarter was at least in part related to the combination of TCF. So middle market banking didn't exist in Chicago or the Twin Cities or Denver for TCF. The broker-dealer was outsourced. And we talked about wealth. It's just that there are a number of product categories and capabilities that we have that we will be bringing into these expanded markets. And then in the context of the things that TCF did incredibly well, asset finance, inventory finance, et cetera, we have now the ability to cross-sell into that customer base, which historically was not done. So, on the consumer side, 1.5 million consumers that we've a much more robust product venue set that we will be offering and we are a multiple on home equity and again, which was not offered in a branch delivery system by TCF as well as mortgage. So excited across the board. We think we have a lot of consumer and business opportunities on the cross-sell side.
Steve Steinour: Zach, if I to add to Erika's question, we put a liquidity portal in play for our commercial customers about a year and a half ago to try and take excess deposits and move them off-balance sheet, Erika. So, we're not sitting with a cumulative super jumbo set of commercial depositors in the portfolio. We just didn't want that risk profile, plus we felt we could do a better job looking at for the customers by putting them into this. So that will help cushion us as whatever normalization if there is any of the customer base curves. Secondly, we've introduced a digital tool, an analytics tool that has great promise for us. We've got roughly 500,000 business customers. And we're now able to get at the data in a much more real-time way in terms of product needs based on usage and other characteristics. So, we expect that will drive our TM business in a significant way in the years ahead.
Steve Steinour: Matt, we had cumulative with TCF 12 -- over $12 billion of PPP lending. And notwithstanding that, we had robust SBA lending almost in parallel through the last 2 years. As we entered the fourth quarter, we continue to see demand for that product and we expect it will actually increase this year in part because of the new markets that we're going to be able to expose our capabilities to Twin Cities, a great business market. Denver, on fire, really terrific. Colorado is a terrific state to be doing business in. And now we're at -- roughly at scale in Chicago with 150-plus points of distribution versus 30. That will help those three regions drive our lending activity overall, including SBA.
Steve Steinour: We haven't had a delinquency on the floorplan side of this business, and I'm going to say, decades, certainly more than a decade since I've been around. And we really like the underlying credit quality performance that the dealers have been able to generate in the last couple of years. So, the fundamentals of the business with a low expected default rate in the indirect side and an incredibly low risk on the dealer side, keep us -- continue to keep us very bullish on the business.
Steve Steinour: So, John, we would expect that portfolio will continue to grow. We're going to open up in another five or so states this year. We've had this gradual rollout now for a number of years. and that will complete us. Eventually, we will be in the lower 48 with this business. But we have a fundamental expectation of that the new car market is going to come back off of last year's production probably by 1.5 million, 2 million cars to get 15, 15.5 total on the new side. So that will pick up a bit. The mix will slightly shift again back to where it has historically or closer to that on the mix side of the equation. We -- as you know, we like the business. We think of it as low risk. It's a two and a quarter year average rated asset. And we're highly now automated. We have almost half of our apps coming through on a digital basis and it's end-to-end digital for us. So, we're very, very efficient with it.
Steve Steinour: John, just for  -- what you're referencing is Intel's announcing a large chip plant. The CEO of Intel, call it, the largest chip plant in the world. It will be about 1 million square feet. It was initially a land of 1,000 acres to accommodate this. It's expected that there will be follow-ons and that there'll be other businesses, large businesses, suppliers to that plant that will co-locate as part of that 1,000 acre site. And this will be enormously impactful. I think the CEO, Pat Gelsinger, referenced this as Silicon Heartland because typically, these plants with the supplier base create some level of colocation that we would -- that you've seen in Arizona and certain other markets. So, this is incredibly impactful. It's a great move by the DeWine administration. I think it will benefit certainly all of Ohio and much of the Midwest and I think is a bit of a game changer for us. We will -- we're going to have more than 10,000 construction jobs on that site and roadway and water expansion. And then ultimately, there'll be 3,000 very high-paying jobs in the plant itself just with Intel. Again, there's an expectation of other businesses coming in for colocation, significant other businesses. All of that will feed and fuel, I think what's already a very robust real estate market. There's going to be housing needs. There will be additional transportation needs. The small business around the -- small businesses around these areas will do very, very well. So, it's a huge moment for us here in all of Ohio, certainly Central Ohio but I think this has the potential to be enormous. If I reflect back in 2009 when I joined Huntington, this was term the Rust Belt and that term has receded significantly over the years. And I think Intel is going to be a game changer in terms of technology in the region and very excited about what's going on. So again, kudos to Governor DeWine and his administration would take over John Houston was enormously important here as well. But this came together in an incredibly efficient and quick fashion. And there's insight about it on both the local paper, Columbus Dispatch, as well as I think TIME has a lead article feature that. We are really, really pleased and I believe this is, again, a huge moment for us and a game-changing moment for Ohio.
Steve Steinour: Thank you all for joining us today. We're very proud of our colleagues' efforts to deliver a successful finish to '21 and we look forward to building all that as we enter the new year. I have a great deal of confidence in our teams and what Huntington can deliver for our colleagues, customers and shareholders over the course of '22. We have a deeply embedded stock ownership mentality, which aligns the interest of our board, management and colleagues with our shareholders as you know and thank you very much for your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day, everybody.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, thanks for the question. I think it’s an area of important focus for us as well. Just taking a step back, really pleased with the trajectory that we're on here. As we've talked about for a while, we're committed to take our expenses from the high watermark in Q3 of '21 at $1.055 billion down to that $1 billion over a three-quarter period. And we saw the first step guide in Q4 of $21 million. We expect to see the remaining fairly ratably in Q1 and Q2 and then fairly steady for the balance of '22. I think as you get beyond '22 and out into the future, the way we're looking at it is to manage within the confines of our commitment to positive operating leverage, just as we have for the 8 of last 9 years. Given our revenue growth trajectory and what we expect to be pretty solid and sustained revenue growth, that'll provide the capacity to maintain expenses within that level and still invest back in the business. And clearly there will be plenty of opportunities as we go forward to continue to drive scale, efficiencies, process improvement, automation in lots of ways to drive efficiencies that will allow us to plow back investments into the key initiatives, while still achieving that positive operating leverage.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, so the guidance as we as we talked about was high single digits for loan growth. Overall, it will be driven by production. I think it will look pretty similar to what we saw in Q4. That is commercial-led, driven by production and really supported by what we are seeing from our customers and just really robust pipeline and calling activities at this point. And it's across all the commercial sectors, including those that we've now incorporated in TCF middle market corporate banking, especially verticals, but also really important contributors from the inventory finance business, the vendor and asset finance business that we had picked up from TCF as well. In addition, I would point out, continued contribution from the consumer side as well. We are expecting sustained growth in resi on sheet. Auto, RV/Marine and also likely benefiting there from your lower prepays as we go forward. We have assumed a modest contribution from utilization improvement during the year and that will contribute to some degree. But I would note that $5 billion of line utilization below pre-pandemic levels is just a massive coiled spring that will enable us to fuel growth. It will likely some in the back half of '22, much more as we go out into the future into '23 and beyond.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, it’s a great question. The guidance implies stable to slightly higher. And that's my expectation to continue to kind of trend ratably higher fare  as we go forward. And I think the dynamic that we'll see is very similar to what we've been talking about for a while. We'll see a slow roll off of our previous preexisting hedging program. But that'll be offset by benefits in reductions in the level of excess liquidity and the drag on margin that represents we talked about 14 basis point drag in Q4. We said we do expect a lot of that to run off, not all of it to run off during 2022, which will be a benefit. And then in the rate environment, which to the point of your question is somewhat uncertain, just given where the expectations rate hikes are at this point, excuse me, in the forward yield curve. But I do expect that to be a positive contributor as we go forward here.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, correct. So, the planning and budgeting that we completed was based on the early January rate curve that had three rate hikes in it. Over the last few weeks, clearly the curve has moved and sort of roughly pulled about a month forward had previously been the trajectory around the forward yield curve such that now there's, I think, a fourth hike now forecasted in the very last period in the year. That should be helpful for our q4 Guidance, but I would point you back to the guidance as slightly being in terms of the key range there inclusive of that.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Look, I think we're clearly seeing some indicators of inflation within the business, I would -- most notably hiring new talent and just starting the compensation expectations from our top talent. And I know when we talk to our clients, particularly those that are in commodity intensive businesses or labor-intensive businesses, they're feeling it having to adjust to manage it. At this point, the direct impacts on our expense space have been relatively limited. And we anticipate some wage inflation as we're going into the year trying to get ahead of it. Took a series of actions around compensation, we announced an increased or minimum wage across the company to $19 an hour from what had previously been $17. We made a number of other health priority adjustments. And so, we think we've got it box now in the 2022 plan included in our guidance. Lastly, I guess I would close, I think there's a unique point in time that we have perhaps some others don't, where we've got the benefits of scale coming from the TCF acquisition. Both the cost synergies that we've already defined and are executing against, but over the long-term we see more opportunities to continue to refine it and get scale efficiency. So that also I think contributes to helping us to maintain that really solid expense growth less revenue.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I do expect to see deposit growth begin to accelerate here. And I think it will be a pretty balanced mix between consumer and commercial as we go forward. For the last several quarters, we've been putting a sort of smaller emphasis on that, just came out strong. Liquidity has been throughout the system and the teams are repivoting back to drive that growth. And so that'll be a good balance to fund than what we expect to be, as I noted, accelerated loan growth throughout the year.
Zach Wasserman: Look, I think we'll see a bit of incremental growth in the securities portfolio, we're watching the elevated liquidity situation pretty closely. And same playbook, we've been operating with the last several quarters, just taking an incremental view, month-by-month looking at where that trend is and optimizing to see if there's -- if it's appropriate add additional securities. But I do think there's some remixing as we see loan growth start to accelerate to hit the high single-digit guidance that we've given.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, let me tack on to what the comments Steve just made. When we construct these product changes, we think about the economics holistically. There are fees that we see on a gross basis, like overdraft. But there are also a lot of other levers in the consumer checking product economics, like other related account fees, other product features. And over time really importantly, the impact of that market leadership position has on elevated acquisition, that kind of retention and the relationship deepening that we can drive. And so, to be clear, included in my guidance on the overall fee line is the assumption of a net fee reduction of approximately $16 million in Q4 from these changes. I would expect them to be in place by the middle of the year. I would highlight that notwithstanding that impact, we do expect to see continued growth on the overall fee line as indicated by my guidance and low single digits driven by those strategic categories, cap markets payments, wealth and advisory. In addition to the fee impacts from the changes we're anticipating in our consumer products, we also expect to see a reduction of between $3 million and $5 million per quarter in charge-offs as the lower overdraft fees that we charge on a gross basis create just fewer incidences of uncollectible fees and it has lower charge-offs. Just taking a step back maybe kind of concluding on this discussion, we really believe that the positioning of our products is critical. And as we maintain that market leadership, this is a play we've run many times before. And the benefits we see in acquisition, retention and deepening as we maintain that leadership, we would expect to earn back that run rate fee loss in approximately 18 to 24 months, very much consistent with what we've seen in the past.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Absolutely. Good question. We converted the TCF customers on the second week of October. So, we had almost the entire quarter's worth of run rate of the TCF customers on to the Fair Play product in Q4. There might be a very marginal incremental impact into Q1. But for the most part, we're kind of at the new level trending. And as we said, we're continuing to roll out new product changes frankly of the same kind of nature that we’ve been doing across the last 10 years, but we do expect to respond to what's happening and to do that by the middle of this year. And that will drive the roughly $16 billion incremental quarterly run rate reduction in fees on a net basis by Q4, just to be clear in the guidance. So those are the kind of puts and takes here at kind of a relatively flat level and then we will see those new changes come into place midyear with that roughly $16 million quarterly reduction in Q4.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, we are really, really pleased with where they're going. I mean, we talked about this a little bit in multiple conferences, but there are four or five big buckets of them, the -- expanding our corporate business in the middle market, the corporate base and specialty businesses into the major commercial hubs within the formerly TCF geographic footprint like expanding in Chicago, expanding in Detroit. Denver is brand new. Minneapolis and St. Paul, brand-new to Huntington. And so that's a big one. Bringing the consumer product set to the TCF customers, we're seeing the second major bucket and we're seeing terrific early signs of engagement and how folks are reacting to not only the product set, but the digital channels and capabilities. Third, expanding our business banking and market-leading SBA production into the TCF geographies and we're well underway hiring out those teams and beginning to get early traction. Wealth management and private banking is an enormous fourth opportunity for us and we've already begun to build out very significant teams, for example, in Minneapolis, Twin Cities and in Denver. And then lastly, just leveraging the really now quite sizable scale equipment and inventory finance business, combining what we had before and then the great businesses that we brought over from TCF. So those are the five big buckets and we're seeing good traction and wins already. We haven't given a precise guidance on that in the past, I'm not ready to do that today, but it's already contributing to the growth outlook and helping us to drive the kind of acceleration that we expect to see in both fees and loans in 2022. And as we go forward, we will continue to provide more and more color on that as those continue to develop.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, that's a great question, Erika. Thank you. As it relates to deposit betas, I think it's a little too early to tell. We're expecting similar dynamics to the last major rate cycle. We do believe there will be competing forces here, some -- at the extremely low level of starting rates we're at right now would tend to indicate a higher beta. With that being said, the level of -- extraordinary levels of excess liquidity across the system would tend to mute that and indicate a lower beta. So, I say we're watching the situation very carefully on liquidity and the pace of loan growth. And we will be disciplined and dynamic as we go forward. In the actual modeling of the asset sensitivity, those models are intended to be stable on average over time and irrespective of the current level of interest rates to model the ramp. And so, the assumptions in that are around 25% to 30% beta, which has been sort of the long-term average we've seen. I would tell you, I believe there's an opportunity that will be lower than that in the initial rate moves and that's my general expectation. But again, I think we will be -- we will have to be dynamic and we're watching it really carefully.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, I do think our current expectation and the trends we're seeing in the business would indicate we will continue to see deposit growth in 2022. I think there's sort of two factors we've been watching that are slightly offsetting each other. On one hand, we do -- we are observing particularly in the consumer space, some degree of normalization of the elevated liquidity we saw build up at the tail end of 2020 and certainly into 2021, largely influenced by stimulus and other factors like that and the savings behavior around COVID. So that is sort of the gradual normalization. With that being said, our customer acquisition and the ongoing work we're doing to deepen relationships certainly augmented by the TCF synergy opportunities are offsetting that. And we expect to drive net growth in consumer offsetting that kind of pandemic deposit normalization trend that I noted. On the commercial side, we're seeing just continued robust liquidity in our clients and that's driving solid deposit growth. And as we focus on that even more going forward to continue to fund this accelerating loan growth, we will see that contribute as well. So overall, I'm expecting pretty balanced deposit growth between the two. And I think those are the kind of underlying drivers of it.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, this is Zach. I'll take that. We saw nice upticks, modest upticks in utilization in every one of our three major line utilization categories. Auto, just to your point, it rose from 23% to 30% in the quarter. Inventory finance rose from 25% to 32% seasonally. That's typical in the fourth quarter for that business. And then the general middle market revolvers went from 40 to 41 in the quarter. So, we saw good early signs here, encouraging signs of that utilization recovery that we saw, as I said in my earlier remarks, of $5 billion of additional line utilization what we expect to recover back to pre-pandemic levels over the longer term.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, a great question. Thanks and I appreciate the chance to take a close on this one. We are really pleased with what we've done so far in the $800 million share repurchase authorization that we had, as we noted and consistent with our guidance, front-loaded $650 million of that through the end of 2021. I think as we go forward, our capital priorities have not changed. We are still very much focused on funding asset growth first, supporting our dividend and that's sort of all other uses, including this. So, as we see loan growth accelerating, we're pleased be able to put the capital back toward that. Now, to share purchases -- sorry for the background noise there. We intend to be dynamic here. And also, to think about it in the context of our ongoing work around, our next capital budget submission, which is -- which will reset the balance of 2022 as well with the submission in early April. So dynamic to see the opportunities here in the next couple of quarters, I think it's what we're going to know.
