Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Ken. So absolutely we’re still focused on that 609, excluding intangible amortization and not adjusted for the expense that we need to basically support the revenue initiative. But we’re very confident that we’re going to achieve that 609 in the fourth quarter of 2017.  Regarding how it plays out from here, keep in mind that there’s seasonality as we move through the year, but we’re definitely headed towards that 609 in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Mac McCullough: So the investment is coming into the run rate, even as we speak, because of the fact that we’re hiring personnel in Chicago, for example, for SBA lending, mortgage banking, those types of activities. I would think about it in terms of your model, whatever you assumed for the incremental revenue, to put an efficiency ratio against that revenue and build it in that way.
Mac McCullough: You know, we do have some medium term notes that are rolling off here shortly, and that should be of some assistance to the margin going forward but clearly the March rate increase is going to be helpful as well.
Mac McCullough: You know, I think - we don’t see a lot of pressure at this point in time. There are some one-off requests that take place. In general, I think liquidity is good in the industry, and I think maybe some of the lack of asset growth in the first quarter across the industry is helping to take some pressure off of deposit pricing. But we’ve actually seen less than 10% deposit beta since the increase in the Fed cycle starting in December of ’15, so we don’t think that there’s going to be a lot of pressure around pricing in 2017, at least in the near term.
Mac McCullough: Yes, so there is nothing there that is concerning at all. In fact on the CRE side, that movement was one credit that was just an administrative past due, not a payment issue. It just wasn’t renewed prior to quarter end. So we are at a very low level of delinquencies overall, so while there is some movement, it’s still all well controlled in the range, and the CRE is just, again, one item, so very confident in our delinquency levels.
Mac McCullough: I haven’t, but I will. So we have a certain level of retail exposure. Obviously we have it both from the C&I space and in the CRE space. In CRE, we have about $1.7 billion of exposure that is in secured exposure and the retail project type, and then we also have about $600 million in our REIT portfolio. The REIT portfolio obviously has a very strong credit profile secured by an unencumbered pool of assets, and no credit issues there. Within the REITs, we have about $250 million of regional mall exposure, so again fairly modest exposure there.  A good majority of our exposure is in strip centers, so you would have grocery-anchored strip centers and other anchored strip centers, so those are the local destinations and so not a risk profile that we’re overly concerned about. We do have a list of watch tenants, so we’ve gone through the entire portfolio and reviewed any of those customer that have filed bankruptcy or are intending to file, and then also another tier where they’ve announced store closings, etc. When we go through that entire portfolio and look at the impact of all of those entities, were they to stop paying their rent, we really have --we’ve had a couple of downgrades, a handful of downgrades of no meaningful amount, so we feel very good with where we’re standing in the CRE portfolio. Then on the C&I side, obviously retail is a very broad category, but when you strip out auto dealer and those kinds of exposures, which really aren’t what we think of as conventional retailers, and you get down to food and beverage, building materials, nurseries and then clothing stores, etc., we have about a billion dollars of outstandings, and again no exposure to any of those entities that have been in the headlines filing bankruptcy or maybe intending to. So overall, very confident in our retail exposure.
Mac McCullough: Sure. I’ll answer that and then I’ll also give a few reminders of what we’ve stated before in terms of our portfolio and why we think it’s different. So first of all, in terms of the used car values, the Manheim Index, while moving around a bit, is still quite strong. It doesn’t impact us quite as much because as a prime/super prime lender, we’re focused mainly on probability of default, not loss given default. We’ve done some stress analysis on our portfolio, as we’ve mentioned before, and a fairly significant drop in the Manheim does not impact us to any great degree, so we aren’t concerned about the values and I think overall they’re holding up fairly well right now. A reminder - we have consistent FICO LTV and term. If you look at the schedules that are included, no movement there. We have no leasing. Again, we’re focused on prime and super prime borrowers. We have no risk layering where we’re combining low FICOs with high LTVs and extended terms. Again, we tend to have a little bit more exposure to the used car markets, which is much more affordable for our customer base, and our performance continues to demonstrate the consistency in our origination policies. So again, very confident in the auto book.
Mac McCullough: Yes, the 609, you would need to add the amortization to, right, and I think that’s close to 14. And then we shouldn’t see any non-recurring items related to the FirstMerit acquisition in the fourth quarter. We think we’re going to get through all those expenses in the third quarter. Then the only other thing you need to think about is the expense associated with the revenue investments that we’ve spoken about around the FirstMerit acquisition. 
Mac McCullough: Yes, that’s absolutely the right way to think about it, and keep in mind that we add the incremental revenue associated with those initiatives, things like SBA lending and mortgage banking, there are commissions and commission expense that comes along with that revenue. 
Mac McCullough: No. I think--again, I think the best way to think about it is to think about the revenue impact and put an efficiency ratio against it, and I would use that as an adjustment for the model.
Mac McCullough: You know, I would probably--you’ve got to keep in mind that we’re ramping up those investments and that activity. There’s likely to be a higher efficiency ratio in 2017 versus 2018, and efficiency ratio for those businesses in normal times could be in the 55% range, something like that. So again, it’s going to be higher in 2017 relate to 2018 because of the fact that we’re ramping up the investment.
Mac McCullough: No Marty, I think you’re absolutely right. We do see opportunity related to the accelerated accretion to build the reserve because of the fact that those loans moving from acquired to organic need to have the reserve built. Now of course, there’s a process that we go through in determining what the appropriate reserve is, and I wouldn’t want to associate it directly with the accelerated accretion, and I think it’s also important to keep in mind that there’s a Huntington component to this as well associated with loan growth and those types of things.  But I get your point, and I think let us see what we can do to better associate that.
Mac McCullough: Yes, I would say that the first item, this is just primarily timing in terms of the activity that we see and the work that we’re doing. We did have a small true-up in the FDIC of about $1.5 million, so that is a bit of an unusual item in the quarter.
Mac McCullough: Yes, I would say it’s mixed. From quarter to quarter, you’re going to see movement of varying degrees, and we’re starting to get year-end statements in now, so that’s a piece of it. But I think generally speaking, the outlook is very good. I mean, if you look at how it translates into NPAs, NPAs are actually down a fair amount, charge-offs are well controlled, so we are very much focused on early recognition so that the minute we see any negative developments, we are very quick to downgrade. But I think the obvious point and what we are pleased with is that it does not roll through. NPAs are very well controlled. Two-thirds of our commercial NPAs are current on principal and interest. I think that points to our conservative stance; and again, charge-offs are very well controlled. So I think the criticized inflow is about the only credit metric out there that wasn’t improved this quarter, and again I think it has more to do with early recognition of any potential problems, which gives us more options in terms of rehabilitating credit, etc. So no concerns on my end there. I think it speaks more to our risk identification.
Mac McCullough: We don’t actually disclose the individual concentration limits we have. We have an overall CRE and then we have a CRE by project type, and we are within all of those limits as it stands today.
Ken Zerbe: Morning. Just a question on the purchase accounting adjustments. Just wanted to make sure I understand Slide 5 properly. Versus what you reported, if I got the numbers right, I think you reported $36 million of PAA in the NII line this quarter, but for the full year you’re saying 68. Does the 68 include any of the accelerated, or is that just sort of the normal scheduled amortization? Just trying to reconcile the numbers.
Ken Zerbe: Got it, okay. Makes sense. And then just one other question on the expenses, just to sort of super clarify, the 609, if we assume that amortization - I don’t know, pick a number, $13 million for the quarter, I just want to make sure that you weren’t--I mean, obviously you exclude any other one-time items, but just from an investment standpoint, is the right number to think about sort of including amortization, sort of that 620, 622 number, or is there--when you report it, is there going to be sort of other investments, other things that are a little more recurring that would take that number higher? Just want to make sure, thanks.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. See, I think that’s what I’m more asking about. Let’s say you spent $50 million just hypothetically to hire more lenders, to build out something, then your expense number would be meaningfully higher than the 609 plus amortization. I just want to make sure that we’re all thinking about that it’s likely to be higher, if that’s the right way of looking at it, because--
Stephen Steinour: Well, we’ve seen--this is Steve, Bob. We’ve had pipeline and activity increases late in the first quarter, so as we came into the second quarter, we were in a reasonably good position. But if we think back to what we’ve seen in, I think, four of the last five years, second half has been stronger than first half for different reasons each year, but there’s sort of fluency to the year now, successive years in terms of activity picking up second quarter and translating into better performance in the second half. We think that will be the case again this year as it has been recently. Certainly pipelines would indicate that, and so our best indicators are in that fashion. We take some confidence in leading economic indicators and other factors, including conversations with customers and potential customers, so reasonably confident we’ve got the ability to deliver on that loan growth range of 4% to 6% for the year.
Stephen Steinour: We’re clearly seeing a wait-and-see, I think in the first quarter, and so there’s going to be some continuation of that. But the economic development activity in these different states is very, very strong. There is tremendous foreign direct investment activity in Ohio and Michigan in particular, where I’m closer, and I would say from what they’re telling me, it’s like record levels of inquiry and review.  The midwest still has a manufacturing core, and so the conversations around Made in the USA and import tariffs I think are spurring the level of activity that we should benefit from in our footprint. The states continue to be reasonably well positioned, certainly well run - many of the cities are financially doing well, so I think we’re well positioned to enjoy investment, continued investment, growth and relative outperformance to some of the other regions in the U.S.
Stephen Steinour: Yes, I think we likely see a peak here in the first quarter. There are some seasonally higher expenses in the first quarter and there is also seasonally lower revenue, especially on the fee side in the first quarter, so I would view the first quarter as being a bit of a peak.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks for the question, Geoff. So I think we’re going to see how this CCAR cycle plays out. Obviously this is the first time we’ve gone through with the difference in the qualitative, and I think we just have to understand that that has a material difference or not as we move through it. Clearly we would feel that we would have more opportunity to think about the dividend opportunity and also total payout opportunity, and I think we did position ourselves well related to the CCAR cycle with what we did with the balance sheet optimization in late 2016, picking up about 43 basis points of CET1.  So really, Geoff, I think we have to see how the process plays out.
Stephen Steinour: Thank you for joining us today. We’re off to a solid start this year. We had good financial performance in the first quarter and equally important, we continued to make very significant progress in the integration of FirstMerit. Our colleagues have really rallied together as one team, bringing the best of Huntington to our customers. We’re encouraged by the sentiment we’re seeing and hearing from our customers and hopeful that thoughtful action in Washington will help bring about more than just optimism. Our strategies are working, our execution of goals continues to drive good results, we expect to continue to gain market share and grow share of wallet. Finally, I want to close by reiterating that our board and this management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priority remains realizing the full set of opportunities with FirstMerit and growing our core business. At the same time, we’ll continue to manage risks and volatility and drive solid, consistent long-term performance.  So thank you for your interest in Huntington, we appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
