Stephen Steinour: Welcome, everyone. I'll begin with a review of our first quarter performance highlights. After my overview, Don will follow with his usual recap of our financial performance. Dan will provide an update on credit. I'll then return with a discussion of our expectations and key messages to our investors.  Turning to Slide 8. We reported net income of $126.4 million or $0.14 per share. This represented a 3% improvement to net income from the fourth quarter. As Don will detail, the current quarter's earnings per common share were negatively impacted by one significant items of $17 million or $0.01 per common share of additions to litigation reserves. The first quarter results were consistent with our expectations and set the stage for continued earnings growth throughout this year as pretax, pre-provision income is expected to rebound from this quarter's levels and provision for credit losses remain low.  Our pretax, pre-provision income was $240.9 million, down $19.1 million or 7% from the fourth quarter. As always, the first quarter of the year has several seasonal factors: a lower day count, which affects revenue with slight [ph] and other benefit costs impacting expenses. We estimate this seasonality reduced pretax, pre-provision by roughly $16 million. Fully taxable equivalent revenue decreased $38 million or 5.6%. This reflected a $10.7 million or 2.6% decrease in net interest income and a $27.3 million or 10.3% decrease in non-interest income.  Net interest income declines were primarily driven by lower day count and a 2% reduction average earning assets, reflecting a $643 million or 25% annualized reduction in available-for-sale and other securities, partially offset by $298 million or 3% growth in average total loans. The net interest margin increased 5 basis points to 3.42% and continue to be positively impacted by strong growth in consumer checking account households. This growth increased at a 9% annualized rate during the first quarter and helped support growth in lower cost core deposits at a 3% annualized rate.  The primary negative influences on net interest margin were the continued amortization of swap gains, lower loan yields and the interest expense associated with the issuance of $300 million of subordinated debt related to last quarter's repayment of TARP.  Total non-interest income declined $27.3 million or 10.3%. It's reflective of $30.5 million or 57% decline in mortgage banking income. As we noted in our last quarterly call, average quarterly mortgage income in the second half of 2010 was running roughly $20 million above normal levels. Mortgage originations declined 49% versus the fourth quarter as mortgage rates increased late last year. We experienced relatively stable mortgage origination trends over the quarter. And absent additional market volatility, we expect mortgage banking income to be relatively stable at the first quarter level for the remainder of the year.  There were two notable positives with non-interest income. Trust service income increased 5% and brokerage income increased 21%. Noninterest expense declined $3.9 million or just under 1%, reflecting a number of factors, including reductions in legal costs as collection activities declined, consulting expenses, OREO and foreclosure costs. These were partially offset by additions to litigation reserves as well as higher personnel expenses related to seasonal FICO.  Credit quality again showed significant improvement with an 18% link quarter decline in non-accrual loans, with both new non-accrual and new criticized loans declining 19% and 41%, respectively. Net charge-offs dropped 4%. Our provision for credit losses declined $37.6 million to $49.4 million and represented an annualized rate of 52 basis points of period-end loans.  Turning to Slide 9. Our reserves continue to strengthen. Our reserve coverage of non-accrual loans strengthened, 285% from 166% in the fourth quarter. Reflecting the continued and rapid improvement of credit quality, the period-end allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans and leases decreased to 3.07% from 3.39% but is still at levels we consider healthy given the stable yet delicate nature of the economic recovery.  Internal capital generation continue to improve. Our period-end tangible common equity ratio was 7.81%, up 25 basis points, and our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased to 9.75% from 9.29%. Our regulatory Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios ended the quarter with 12.04% and 14.85%, respectively.  And as we discussed in the last quarter's earnings call, in January 2011, we repurchased our TARP-related warrant to purchase 23.6 million shares of common stock for $49.1 million and closed our TARP-related relationship with the U.S. Department of Treasury.  So now, let me turn the presentation over to Don to review in further details.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks. I'd like to use Slide 29 to recap our current thinking regarding the remainder of 2011. With respect to the economy, even with the added uncertainty related to recent events in Japan that have negatively impacted the global supply chain and the continued instability in Northern Africa and the Middle East, we expect the U.S. economy will remain relatively stable with some potential improvement in the second half of the year.  The primary driver of net income growth throughout the rest of the year for us is an expected rebound of pretax, pre-provision income from this quarter's level coupled with continued low provisions for credit losses. Net interest income should grow as we continue to see loan and deposit growth and a relatively stable net interest margin. Specifically, on loan growth, we expect recent trends to continue with overall modest loan growth driven by continued strong growth in auto, meaningful growth in commercial and industrial loans, modest growth in home equity and residential mortgages. These increases are expected to be partially offset by the continued decline in commercial real estate loans.  We anticipate the income growth will be mixed. We expect mortgage banking income to remain near current levels with service charge income beginning to show modest growth later in this year as the benefits from our "Fair Play" banking philosophy continue to gain momentum, producing strong consumer checking account, household growth and increased product penetration.  Assuming implementation of the Durbin amendment, the electronic banking income is expected to decline. Non-interest expense is expected to be relatively stable as continued investment in strategic initiative should be offset by continued low credit-related costs and improved expense efficiencies. Non-accrual loans are expected to continue to decline meaningfully throughout the year.  Turning to Slide 30. In closing, I will remind our investors and customers of several important messages. Our balance sheet is strong and getting stronger everyday and that covers all aspects: liquidity, reserves, capital. Credit quality continues to rapidly improve. Over the last year, non-accrual loans and non-performing assets are both down over 60%. And while we don't expect to maintain those low rates of decline, we do expect to see continued meaningful improvement in overall credit quality throughout the year.  Our strategic initiatives continue to gain traction. Most importantly, and from a long-term revenue and earnings growth opportunity, our "Fair Play" banking philosophy is increasingly and positively differentiating us from our peers.  Huntington is creating this category of one in Midwest banking. Lastly, our strong capital ratios and the expectation for continued growth in earnings and capital positions us to actively explore capital management opportunities, including raising the dividend at some point.  So thanks for your interest in Huntington. Sarah, we'll now open for questions.
Stephen Steinour: Thank you, Ken, for the interest. We've always consistently stated that we want to grow the core, so capital for core growth is vital to us. Now beyond that, we haven't provided guidance about relative priorities: dividends, acquisition, buyback or anything else. We are looking at a forward capital plan, not having the benefit of the actions taken with this GAAP 19 late in the first quarter and assessing our plans at this point, Ken.
Stephen Steinour: We never, I think, will be considering ourselves complete. There will always be a room for improvement, but we are -- we've made substantial progress. And we like the robustness of what we built at this point, Ken, and anticipated a hiring that was alluded to has been concluded.
Stephen Steinour: Nick is not here but that would be the case. Sorry, Don and I look at our production weekly on spread and credit quality and mix. So we are very tightly managing it, and we can assure you we've had consistency.
Stephen Steinour: In markets, I mean, are clearly stabilized from where they were in say, '09 and early '10. And I would say that's across the board with land or stranded development constructions still being the two toughest categories. But it's certainly getting better, and there's varying levels of activity depending on product and location.
Stephen Steinour: Terry, I wouldn't draw any conclusions about the two geographies that didn't have middle-market growth during the quarter. We'd expect them to come through with some variations. We were very pleased in aggregate by the middle-market activities. And when we say middle-market, for many banks, it should be considered lower middle-market. Good traction and that's predominantly the type of lending that fueled the expansion that was referenced in the press release and elsewhere.
Stephen Steinour: We took action on mortgage, frankly, before we even had the earnings release at year end. So there's always room for improvement on expenses, and we'll keep working it. But our people actions and overhead reductions were dealt with, I think it was the second, certainly the third week, in January.
Donald Kimble: Ken, this is Don. And as far as the guidance what we're seeing it as generally flat. And that would suggest that over time, we'll continue to make some investments in strategic initiatives. We've talked publicly about some of our brand in which show results and advertising and other components associated with it. We've talked about Giant Eagle. And so we will have some expense increases that will over time offset those seasonal and/or onetime-related items.
Donald Kimble: Ken, I think where I would not want to specify is that you're suggesting that second quarter is specific, and I wouldn't want to say that, that's where we'd be returning the expense levels than necessarily in that quarter. I'll just say, over time, we would have investments in marketing and expansion associated with initiatives and other things that could offset some of those onetime or seasonal type of issues
Donald Kimble: Ken, you can draw your own conclusions. We prefer not to derive specific quarterly guidance but just more general trend information.
Donald Kimble: Sure, Ken. This is Don. As far as just some indications that our checking account balances on an annualized basis were up 8% and our households grew at a 9% pace, so we think that they're generally keeping in line as far as growth rate that we've been very pleased with the cross-sell impact of the new account growth and very pleased overall with the trajectory as far as the most recent originations that we plan on earlier or sometime middle of May and providing a little bit more clarity as far as the impacts of some of these initiatives and providing a little bit more guidance there from a performance perspective at the next upcoming conference we'd be at. That would probably be a better time to speak in a little bit more additional information
Donald Kimble: That's great, Scott. And first, as far as the expense guidance, we allude to our credit cost or collection cost as opposed to provision expense are included in that. And so that's more working through OREO-related properties and the cost of maintaining those types of assets and legal costs in connection with the overall collection efforts. So that was more the implication as opposed provision expense, so that I just want to make sure that was clarified. As far as the margin guidance prospectively, we do think that we'll see a better alignment between deposit growth and loan growth, prospectively. And so we think that we will see margin being able to remain relatively stable because we won't see a lot of excess funds like we saw last year being put into the investment portfolio. And so we think loan growth can absorb the deposit growth that we're projecting. During the quarter, we did take some management action associated with some of the money market rates specifically. And we continue to manage some of our time deposit rates down. And each of those have a positive impact from a couple different sources: 1, is that it reduces the rate of existing relationships on the money market side; and 2, it controls the growth on the deposit side so that, that loan growth is supported from just the core funding base.
Donald Kimble: Tony, this is Don. I'll take a first crack at that. We talked in previous quarters about the impact of our interest rate swaps. When you close some of those out at a net gain position, that gain amortizes down over quarters. And from a disclosure perspective, the margin associated with those swaps goes into primarily that C&I loan yields category because we're swapping out those variable rate or LIBOR-based commercial loans into a fixed rate with these swaps. And so that was the majority of the decline. I think it was around 28, 29 basis points type of impact there about for the C&I decline, including that amortization, along with the fact that during the quarter, we reduced our overall swap position from about $11 billion to $7 billion to take us a little bit more out of that sensitive position than where we were previously. And so those two actions really result in that 28 to 29 basis point reduction. We did see a slight increase in the impact of new non-accruals coming through that commercial loan yield as well. And so very little of that compression and margin had anything to do with new loan originations being at tighter spreads. I would say generally that we've been maintaining a fairly strong discipline to our pricing grid that we put in place. And we do agree that we are aggressive in going after customers from a growth perspective but it's not being led with price on the table. So I think that we're trying to maintain that discipline as appropriate.
Donald Kimble: Great. Erika, this is Don. And as far as the size range that we're looking at, 1, looking in our Midwest, we're not looking to use acquisitions for us to enter into new markets. And so that's important and that's a key criteria for M&A activity. Second, as far as size, we're really looking for smaller transactions whether that would be in the $0.5 billion or the $2 billion type of range in our book. And again, we like the model of being able to over time aggregate several smaller transactions and help to fill out our existing footprint from that type of activity as opposed to looking at much larger transactions or institutions. I mean as far as the propensity to sell, you had definitely hear about those types of comments from investment bankers. I would say that we haven't seen a lot of transactions announced in our footprint and haven't had a lot of assisted transactions in our footprint as of late. And while we still believe that this is an opportunity for growth for us over time, that we're still very focused on growing our core book of business.
Donald Kimble: I don't know if there is pricing or not because we obviously haven't seen any transactions take place really in our footprint. So it's not a good benchmark yet.
Donald Kimble: That would include our current estimate as far as the Durbin impact for the second half of the year. That's correct.
Donald Kimble: Our expectation prospectively would be that our loan growth would be funded through core deposit growth. And so we would expect to continue to see those two offset each other and not have a significant impact on the overall investment book. But we do believe that our investment portfolio is higher than where we would like to see at long term as a percentage of our total earning asset base. And initially, we think that loan growth will be funded through that deposit growth.
Donald Kimble: Yes, we're well below 1% on most of the new money. And the money that's rolling in the second half of this year really relates to 3-year products that was put on the balance sheet at the time of some of the financial changes back in '08. So we have not typically been originating a lot CDs in the 3-year bucket right now.
Donald Kimble: We tend to look at that as far as a credit adjusted spread on the originations. And so it's been very much in line with where we've been over the last several quarters, which taking the yield minus our cost of funds that we assigned to that business, which is close to securitization rates minus the credit cost associated with that, and we're looking at a 2.25% type of net credit adjustment spread. And that's right in line with where it has been over recent quarters
Donald Kimble: I think we saw a really step up in the fourth quarter where we saw some of the captives and others get more involved, and that's why our production levels came down from where they were at that time. And we again have been very pleased with the production levels and the quality and also the pricing.
Donald Kimble: I think we will have some headwinds associated with Durbin if it does pass as originally or is implemented if it's been passed. I would say that our guidance as it had been that we expect pretax, pre-provision earnings in the $260 million to $265 million range for the full year. We've provided a reconciliation or walk forward of our $241 million to roughly at $256 million or $257 million level for the current quarter if you back up the seasonal impacts from the day count. And so that $260 million to $265 million, we would imply a relatively small step up and we'd be relying on areas of growth, including balance sheet growth and the income growth to help offset or minimize the impact of Durbin. And so that would be where we can get comfortable with continuing to provide that level of guidance.
Donald Kimble: Again, as far as our comments on M&A that we have said that we want to continue to focus on the core first. And to the extent that there are opportunities for us to grow through acquisition in our footprint, we'll evaluate those. And we want to make sure that we are focused on making sure that we have the appropriate return for our existing shareholders and make sure that have the appropriate returns from those types of activities when and if they do come through. So again, I think that is a priority for us. And as Steve talked earlier that we believe with the growth in our capital and the strength of our earnings position that we're now in a better position to start to evaluate future capital management actions and could include changes to our dividend but we haven't provided any more clarity or guidance on that.
Donald Kimble: What we've disclosed is that using that $0.07 per transaction item, I think, is a $45 million thereabout gets to the second half of the year's revenue. And what we would suggest as far as how we're covering that is that we think that we do have a lot of areas that are contributing to our growth prospectively that we think net interest income will grow from the first quarter led by continued growth and loans and overall balance sheet expansion. And we saw in the first quarter, saw some good growth in brokerage revenues and trust revenues. And those are just indicators of some of the initiatives we've taken on to enhance or cross-sell throughout our customer base. And we think that you'll see some of the similar effects from the treasury management activities and others that will help drive the income. So we don't have any specific or explicit plans to offset Durbin with any other side fees or other adjustments to service charges for our customers at this point in time.
Donald Kimble: Right. As far as where we'd take that swap book, it depends on, 1, what we can do organically on the balance sheet. And 2, we would want to continue to position our overall net interest income at-risk position. And you'll probably see later in the slide deck and I think it's Slide 39 in the appendix, we have taken a little bit more of a position here showing that we're asset sensitive for an increase in rates prospectively than what we have in over last several quarters to the extent that we want to continue to maintain that. We've allowed swaps to mature prospectively but I would say that our initial thoughts are more continuing just to manage the overall rate position which could result in some slight fluctuations in that swap position and should have a less of an impact prospectively as far as the margins or reported deals on the commercial loans.
Donald Kimble: That's correct because if it's a rising rate by allowing those swaps to mature, it will position us to better increase our net interest income going forward because it eliminates that received fixed portion of the swap book.
Daniel Neumeyer: Yes, and, Tony, this is Dan. I would just add that we also have not compromised the underwriting standards. The market is getting a little bit more frothy. And while there's been some pricing pressure, we've tried to maintain a discipline both on pricing and on structure. And we have had this pass on certain credits. We've seen a few of the covenant-like deals come through. We have not participated in those and really are sticking to our existing underwriting standards all along the way.
Daniel Neumeyer: Yes, the utilization rate is also almost unchanged from the last quarter. We're just under 42%. I think we were right at 42% last quarter. Now just in the last couple of weeks though we have seen more discussions of customers indicating, actually, building up the inventories and so forth. So it's still anecdotal at this point, but we feel we might be seeing some signs of increased borrowing in the upcoming quarter.
Daniel Neumeyer: Good question. As far as the indirect auto business, in the third quarter of last year, we had a $1 billion of originations, and fourth quarter of last year and first quarter of this year led $800 million of originations. If you would assume a two-year average life for the auto loan, which is about where we're at and imply about a $6.4 billion portfolio, so with the slowdown and as far as the growth rate over the last couple of quarters is we're getting closer to that matured portfolio level at these types of origination volumes. And so you shouldn't expect necessarily the same type of incremental growth rates that you were seeing throughout 2010, 2011, if the origination volumes are in that level. As far as our origination quality, we are very pleased with that. We haven't seen any significant change in FICO scores for origination levels. But we do see from time to time, mix changes as far as the new car versus used car but the credit quality characteristics of the used car portfolio is really right in line with what we're seeing for new car. What you might see there as far as mixed changes in when some of the captives get more engaged in some of the originations. And so that may fluctuate a little bit the percentage new versus used.
Daniel Neumeyer: We're very comfortable with where it is today, which is at 15%, and we want to keep it below where it was at one point in time of 33%. But I think if we're in that 15% to 20% of the portfolio, we really like the credit profile of this book. We like the predictability of the cash flows, and we like the incremental yield that we're receiving for these originations and it's a much better use of funds for us than other options we have at this point in time.
Daniel Neumeyer: No, just -- we are trying to support our core customers. And so in the first quarter, we actually had a few more originations for a select group of folks. So we're trying to balance our overall goal of reducing the exposure but still supporting the core book and we're continuing to do that.
Daniel Neumeyer: No, we are moving hopefully towards a normalized environment. And again, all of our credit metrics are going in the right direction. We analyzed the provision in detail each quarter, and that's all I have to say in that.
