Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Dan. And turning to Slide 23, our Fair Play banking philosophy, coupled with our optimal customer relationship, or OCR, approach is driving continued new customer growth and strength in product penetration. This slide recaps the continued strong upward trend in consumer checking account households. For the year, consumer checking account households grew at a rate of 12.2%, while our 4+ products or services penetration grew to 78.3%, an increase of almost 5 percentage points since this time last year. For the fourth quarter, related revenue was $251 million, up $5 million from the third quarter of 2012. The current quarter is also up $21 million or 9% from a year ago, clearly demonstrating the connection between the household growth and driving our top line revenue. Turning to Slide 24, commercial relationships grew 9% from a year ago. At the end of the fourth quarter, 35% of our commercial relationships utilized 4 or more products or services. This is 1.5% higher than last quarter and almost a 4% increase from a year ago. Related commercial revenue is up $14 million or 9% from last year. Now turning to Slide 25, we provide our first look at 2013 expectations. While we expect to see strong growth in the Midwest economy compared to the broader country, we do believe customer sentiment is negatively influenced by uncertainty that continues in Washington. And this will weigh heavily on the overall U.S. economy. Nevertheless, we continue to benefit from the strength in the Midwest and believe our strategy will continue to drive and improve profitability. With regard to interest rates, we expect the interest rate environment will remain relatively stable. With the opportunities for deposit repricing and mix shift, we expect net interest margin to remain fairly stable and we do not expect it to fall below the mid-3.30s. Modest total loan growth, excluding any future impacts of additional auto securitization, is expected to continue. The C&I pipeline is robust, yet with the uncertainty, we do not expect this to translate to strong growth until the second half of the year. Auto loan originations remain strong, and with the relative impact of securitizations coming closer to its full phase-in impact, this should translate to absolute growth in the indirect portfolio. Commercial Real Estate balances should stabilize in 2013 between the $5 billion and $5.5 billion level. Other consumer loan categories should reflect modest growth as we've started to substitute some shorter duration mortgage loan balances for securities purchases. Deposit balances will reflect continued growth in low-cost deposits, resulting in total deposit growth in line with to slightly less than total loan growth. Noninterest income is expected to be relatively stable as the expected slowdown in mortgage banking will be offset by the benefit of our growth in new relationships and increased cross-sell successes. For 2013, we continue to anticipate positive operating leverage and modest improvement in our overall expense efficiency ratio. We continue to focus on efficiencies, and as a result of our expectations for the economy, we have moderated the pace and size of our planned investments. On the credit front, we expect to see improvement from current levels and there could be some quarterly volatility given the uncertain and uneven nature of the economic recovery. The level of provision expense for 2012 is at the lower level of our long-term expectation. With the outlook for continued improvement, this should keep the provision levels relatively low. 2013 presents a number of challenges for Huntington and the banking industry overall. We believe we are positioned for measured growth and improvement in sustainable, long-term profitability. Despite these challenges, we are committed to our strategy and believe this will drive long-term differentiated performance. Thanks for your interest in Huntington.
Donald R. Kimble: Our outlook would have modest growth including the impact of the auto securitizations. Keep in mind that we are getting closer to that 2 years of doing the auto securitizations, and so it should start to plateau the impact of those sales.
Donald R. Kimble: This is Don. And we currently expect our quarterly expense run rate to be relatively flat or modestly below the fourth quarter level, excluding any unusual one-time items or unforeseen regulatory or legal issues. And this does reflect the decision we have to moderate the size and pace of some of our previously planned investments in light of the challenging economic outlook. We will continue to invest in our franchise but just at a little slower pace.
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't commented on timing. There are several areas of seasonal changes to expenses. And for instance, there are some payroll tax issues that hit in the first quarter, and we tend to see some seasonal fluctuations in marketing and other expenses, but what we're focused on is the longer-term guidance and outlook.
Donald R. Kimble: It is a challenge, but I would say that we are getting a lot of benefit from our change in our mix in our deposits. And we still believe that we have some room to pull down our overall deposit costs. We have about $4.1 billion of CDs that have an average rate today of 1.2%. The current go-to rate is in the 20 basis point range, and so we think that there is a lot of opportunity there as well. Historically, our average cost of funds for deposits are higher than our peers, and we think that we have a little bit more of a lever to pull as a result of that.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, Steve usually teases me about having the lowest yielding investment portfolio in my peer group, but we try to keep the duration fairly short there. And so we think we will have less falloff from our current yield there than many of our peers as well, which will be a relative benefit for us compared to our peers.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as the overall net interest income that we gave, we expect that to show an increase for the full year, year-over-year. And as far as the seasonal trends, we do note that, with the shorter day count in the first quarter, that we tend to see a slight reduction then. But on a full year basis, it should be up year-over-year.
Donald R. Kimble: We're saying that they do mitigate but they don't eliminate. So we would have a slightly lower margin than what our current run rate is, but we still expect the asset growth to more than offset that impact.
Donald R. Kimble: We haven't commented specifically as far as the range. We do think there is opportunity near term. We expect the first half of 2013 to be strong, maybe not quite as strong as the fourth quarter of this year, but we are continuing to see that we can get net flows plus the benefit from our servicing portfolio as well. So we think that we have a few more quarters left as far as higher than normalized production.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. The margins themselves were in line with prior quarters. And as rates did increase at the end of the year, we did see some pressure on secondary gains associated with that, and pipelines continued to remain strong for us.
Donald R. Kimble: We do believe that we have a handle around our deposit levels and inflows that we have -- we've spent a lot of time and effort in deepening the relationships with both our commercial and consumer customers, and so that resulted in some strong growth for us from a deposit perspective. We know that there will be some excess liquidity that our customers are maintaining in the form of deposits today that we'll see some pressure when the economy does start to pick up. But we do believe that our liquidity position and overall deposit outlook is consistent with our expectations for the economic growth occurring in the second half of the year.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. And from an outgo perspective or asset liability management perspective, we continue to maintain our interest rate sensitivity position as slightly asset sensitive. So if we do see a pop in rates, we think that we are positioned to benefit slightly from that change. But our outlook today assumes that rates will remain flat and very low throughout 2013.
Donald R. Kimble: And I think just to highlight that, too, as far as our C&I portfolio, we saw an increase as of period end balances compared to the last quarter of over $400 million. And so I think that's starting to show that there was some sense of getting some closure on some of those transactions at the end of the year, maybe for tax reasons or others. But I think that does position us well going into the first quarter.
Donald R. Kimble: We haven't provided any specific guidance as far as the size and the timing. We're still working through some of those issues as we walk through our plans. But our outlook does assume the continuation of 2 securitization transactions in 2013.
Donald R. Kimble: It's more in just the timing and size of some of those investments. And so we have a number of strategic initiatives that we have been investing in, and we've just been slowing the pace and nature of those.
Donald R. Kimble: Maybe if I can just add a little color to that as well. As Steve said, we continue to remain very disciplined as far as pricing, and it's very consistent across all states. I think one area that reaffirms that is just taking a look at our C&I yields absent the impact of the hedging, and you can see for instance this last quarter, our C&I yields declined by 2 basis points despite the fact that LIBOR was down by 2 or 3 basis points during that time, same time period. And the temporary benefits that we had talked about really didn't impact the C&I yields that much. More of the portfolio from Fidelity was related to residential real estate and commercial real estate as opposed to C&I. And so we are and continue to remain very disciplined and believe that will be something we'll maintain prospectively.
Stephen D. Steinour: We would, but you caveated your question, Craig. This is Steve. We're optimistic that the economy will perform reasonably well but could in fact pop if we can get through this set of issues in Washington. And so we're -- we think we're well positioned to participate in an expansion should we be able to get into that mode.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we've tried to be realistic, but on the conservative side, as we've given guidance, there's a wide range of GDP estimates out there given the current Washington uncertainties. And so you can go from a negative to a strong positive 3-plus percent, and that's why we're hedging.
Stephen D. Steinour: There's a -- we look at our pipelines and our sales activity weekly. So we have a, we think, reasonably good insight, we have very strong activities, we have strong pipelines. But we've seen for now, a number of months, deferrals on closing loans, on fundings and reflecting restraint on investment and expansion by a number of businesses. And it ranged from things like fiscal cliff a couple of weeks ago, now sequestration has been pushed out for 2 months. So there needs to be some confidence around a plan before I think there's this potential for robust growth to pop, if you will.
Stephen D. Steinour: We would not expect to add a lot of resources. And at the end of 2009, we bisected the Commercial Real Estate book between the core and the non-core, and we indicated then and continue -- it's in the broader investor pack, that breakout. We've got about $1.6 billion or so of non-core remaining as of year end. But we had fairly high paydowns of non-core in the fourth quarter. We had about $250 million, when you get into the investor pack. So there was actually reasonably good underlying core activity because of the balances reducing less than the non-core payoffs. This is an area that the bank experienced significant problems with in '08 and '09, and therefore, we've put a hard cap in, in terms of how much exposure and concentration we want to manage. And therefore, the $5 billion to $5.5 billion range is where we expect to be in '13, and it's roughly 100% of capital.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the -- we are in 6 states. There's no difference in any of the 6 states to Ohio, or for that matter, the other ones. We're in competitive markets, for sure, but that would be true in all of them, all of the states.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, when we unveiled our Fair Play strategy in late 2010, we didn't project double-digit growth rates. So we've exceeded expectations significantly in terms of what we've been able to deliver. There is seasonality to the consumer side, and we think to a certain extent, as we shared, the business side has also been impacted somewhat in terms of deferred decisions. So we expect to maintain strong relationship growth and continue with what we think is a successful strategy.
