Mac McCullough: Scott the way to think about it is a 25 basis point increase in rates on an annual basis is about $25 million in margin on an annual basis. So that obviously says a lot of assumptions around what we're expecting from the deposit betas and competition in the marketplace. And of course the lapping yield curve has not been conducive to that either. So we’re a little bit cautious as we move through this. We do think there will be opportunities from increasing rates, but at the same time, we’ve never focused on growing core deposits. We had great core deposit growth year-over-year at about 3%, and we aim to continue to do that.
Mac McCullough: So I would expect to be in that range. I mean, we’re in the process of going through the long-term strategic plan. We’re going to come out later this year with our new expectations for all those metrics. It's really important to keep in mind that we're going to operate within an aggregate moderate to low risk appetite, and a 17.5% ROTCE with an aggregate moderate to low risk appetite is pretty good in our estimation. So I wouldn’t expect that you're going to see significant change within that goal going forward, but we’ll go through the strategic planning process and we’ll let you know later this year.
Mac McCullough: I think what’s happening, Sam, as you're seeing our commercial customers in particular being much more sensitive in terms of what's happening in the rate environment. And we're seeing them move balances from non-interest bearing into interest bearing, which I think you would expect in this environment. So that would be an additional factor on top of seasonality.
Mac McCullough: At some point, they complete the movement that they want to make from one category to the other. Clearly, as rates continued to increase, we’re going to have commercial customers ask for some sharing of rates. But I think the mix shift should probably slowdown as we move forward.
Mac McCullough: So we are actively thinking about what we need to do from a deposit rate perspective to bring wholesale funding down, particularly the overnight category. When we think about what we do on the commercial customer deposit pricing, we think about what rate we would provide to them relative to cost of growth overnight funding or across wholesale funding. So I would expect that you’re going to see that continue to come down over time, and it should be an opportunity for us as we think about just the trade off and the rate improvement when we move the commercial deposits. So I think if you take a look at in the period, in particular you’ll see this already down significantly that’d be in the overnight funding. And then going forward, we are focused on core deposit growth. Like I’ve mentioned in my comments, we grew 3% in core deposits year-over-year, which I think is a pretty good showing relative to our peers in the industry. We've had a lot of success with CD products and we were looking at some money market opportunities as well. So I think core deposit funding will be the primary way we’re going to fund going forward.
Mac McCullough: So at this point, all of our asset swaps are off at this point. We have no assets swaps on. The last asset swap rolled out in the first quarter. We evaluate some of the debt swaps we have inside the time, and that represent an opportunity for us, but have not taken any action there as of yet. Josh does that answers your question.
Mac McCullough: Clearly, we probably do have opportunities there. I don’t think it would be large in the scheme of things for us.
Mac McCullough: Steven, we don't disclose the spend on technology. I will say that it’s up year-over-year in terms of what we're investing in technology development. And I would also tell you that the portion of that allocates to digital is up significantly year-over-year.
Mac McCullough: So on the loan sale question, I would tell you that a lot of in this timing of SBA in the first quarter. So originations are actually up year-over-year. So good continued progress there, particularly as we move into Chicago and Wisconsin. So I view this as really a timing issue on the most part. In the first quarter of last year, we did have a large equipment sale that contributed at the first quarter. And those are lumpy, as you know, so that again is a timing issue. On the mortgage origination side, again volumes were up but favorable spreads are down. And a lot of the origination pickup has come from the FirstMerit expansion into Chicago and Wisconsin. And I would also tell you getting stronger in some of the core markets, primarily on the FirstMerit side. So we’re pleased with what we’re seeing from origination perspective. But again, the sale of spread being down that’s impacted the fee line.
Mac McCullough: So typically, we do see a seasonal increase in revenue in the second quarter. The two are disconnected of course, because the increase in expense has primarily to do with just the timing long-term equity compensation, as well as seasonal marketing, which typically is higher in the second and third quarters and then declines in the fourth quarter. So based on that, it wouldn’t surprise me if the efficiency ratio stayed in the same level, because we do see seasonality in revenue to the up side in the second quarter.
Mac McCullough: So the 50% reference would be to any rate increases in 2018. So that might be a little conservative as we think about it. But again, we’re very focused on growing core deposits. If you take a look at across our region and who we compete with, we think it’s very rational. We see what’s happening and there is lots of testing from a pricing and product perspective. We’re doing the same thing. But clearly, I think it’s a good assumption for us to think about for 2018 just given the environment and the desire for us to continue to grow.
Mac McCullough: Jon, I think we’re building that into the way we’re thinking about the forecast. Again, we like to be conservative from a rate outlook perspective. We like to understand what’s the revenue environment is going to be. And then from that determine what investments we want to make and how we manage the expense line. So it just keeps us from web selling but the business segments and the colleagues in terms of everyday out there doing their job. So I think that’s exactly the way we stated that.
Mac McCullough: Yes, I think it can. I mean keep in mind that as I mentioned earlier, 25 basis point increase is worth $25 million in the full year basis. That’s about 0.5% growth in revenue. So the 25 basis point increase in March wouldn’t cause us to do anything to change our revenue guidance of 4% to 6%. But clearly in a rising rate environment, if we get the increases as might be expected, I would expect the margin to move higher.
Steve Steinour: Scott, we have significant investment built into the 2018 budget already. So clearly, we will be opportunistic as we think about what might happen from a rate increase perspective. And I would expect that majority of that would drop to the bottom line, but we’ll selectively think to look at the investment opportunities on the digital front and in particular in customer experience and our colleagues.
Steve Steinour: What it really came down to Scott is we’d like to give you ranges that are meaningful in terms of actually being able to achieve and fall within the range. And the fact of the matter is 17% would just be fine. So that’s why we felt 15.5% to 16.5% was a better range for us to consider going forward.
Steve Steinour: The pipeline that we came into the year with was very strong. We had a surge in activity late in the year. So first quarter was very, very good with the carryover pipeline. As we come into the second quarter, we also have a sound pipeline across all the segments all of our businesses. And so there is an underlying sense of economic activity that we’re able to participate in through our customers that we would expect to carry forward with the year. We clearly are seeing more CapEx related investments than we have in quite a few years at this stage Steven.
Steve Steinour: Well, in the quarter clearly with the loan growth that is going to come as additional reserve, so that's a large piece of it. The FirstMerit impact is still there although that’s lessening each quarter. And then we did have some modest migration in the credit side and non-accrual loans that also contributed to the build. But as we’ve said over time, we expect the level of provision to moderate with both loan growth and more normalizing credit performance. Although, we expect the net charge-offs to continue to be below our long term expectation. So as we’ve said, it’s low build back up in the reserve but it will be modest and a slow ramp.
Steve Steinour: Well, I think obviously in our heavy manufacturing market rates, in particular we're seeing strong demand there. But throughout our region, we have many areas that are involved in manufacturing. Chicago continues to be a strong growth market and that is far more diversified. I would say really most industries that we're looking at, I would say would have a positive outlook manufacturing wholesale, et cetera. And so really pretty good reads from all of our customers across most industries.
Steve Steinour: I am very pleased with what we are seeing in the core margin. We’ve increased a few basis points per quarter since the first quarter of 2017, and we expect that to continue in 2018 as well. So right now, the guidance we’re giving is flat to reported margin as we continue to burn off the purchase accounting accretion. Could it be a little bit better, it might be. It just depends on where deposit pricing goes and what it’s going to take to fund the balance sheet. But very really pleased with how we come through the runoff in purchase accounting. And I think it really is disciplined pricing on both the asset and the liability side that’s allowed us to do that.
Steve Steinour: Yes, I would agree with that. As we look at new money rates, they are generally higher than what’s in the portfolio. We still have some purchase accounting impact that we’re swimming through there. But again, we’re very disciplined in how think about pricing, the asset side of the balance sheet. And even in a flat environment, we’re going to continue to see new money come on at higher rates in the portfolio.
Steve Steinour: No, we just have a really strong first quarter. And while we are in the second quarter with good pipelines across all products just trying to be a bit cautious with -- in the context for the full year, the outlook and optimism we see that we’ve communicated is abundant throughout the marketplace. So if anything there maybe a little upside.
Steve Steinour: No tweaks and Terry, it’s probably purchase accounting related. So we’re seeing run-off from purchase accounting entries on that book and that’s likely what’s driving.
Steve Steinour: So thank you very much. We feel very good about where we are. We obviously produce good results in the first quarter. And we're confident about our year, going forward. Our top priority is growing our core businesses and that's continuing. And we think there's more opportunity at hand, certainly throughout the year. We're building long-term shareholder value with top quartile financial performance, and we're maintaining strong risk management with disciplined execution across our strategies. So like the performance and position but feel we have upside opportunities to do better in a number of businesses. So finally, I'd like to include a reminder that there's a high level of alignment between the board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. Collectively, the Board and colleagues are the seventh largest shareholder in Huntington and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained, and want to emphasize long-term performance. So thanks for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. And have a great day.
Dan Neumeyer: Our line utilization was off just a tick, so that really didn't benefit all that much. I do think we’ve seen more of an evening out of where the growth is coming from. Core middle market has been good. I think we are not seeing the impact we saw last year in the large corporate space. I think we’re actually seeing a bit of a pickup there and then some of the [indiscernible] as well. So it’s good broad based contribution. And as Steve said, the pipeline remains fairly strong.
Dan Neumeyer: So not industry driven, we have from time-to-time when you’re down at very low levels of NPAs any couple of credits can move that we had three credits in the quarter in unrelated in industries. So no trends that we’re overly concerned about. It was really idiosyncratic events, particularly to those three individual credits.
Dan Neumeyer: Well, we do see growth opportunity out there. And we feel very comfortable because the quality of the borrowers that we’re originating credit for is really in the super prime range. So I think given the fact that we’ve expanded our markets, there is a big universe out there. The competition is not as robust as in say indirect auto. But we’re originating at 90 plus FICOs for bid price both in RVs with folks with demonstrative liquidity, all these deals are individually underwritten. So we believe that there is potential out there for high quality assets. We have established a concentration limit so our growth will be moderated by that limit. But we have plenty of run way that we think will serve us well as we develop that business further.
Dan Neumeyer: I mean, the CRE can be a bit lumpy, because the various projects can move the needle. So we are continuing to support our core customers. But we've been pretty cautious in making sure that we have lessened our construction exposure recently, as we’ve noted before been careful on multi-family and retail. But we’re continuing to originate. We’re still seeing good deal flow, and we are choosing those products or projects that are -- where we can get adequate structure and reasonable pricing. So we’ll continue business as usual in the CRE space.
