Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Ken. Yes, so we do expect the second half of the year to improve from organic growth perspective, and we did have the headwinds that we talked about with the FirstMerit exits, were all - all were anticipated. We actually identified during the due diligence process and I would tell you that there is probably 200 million there that came out in the quarter. We do anticipate an auto securitization yet this year, which is included in the 4% to 6% guidance that we’ve given and we would tell you that the pipelines are where we’ve seen them in terms of the strength and what’s coming through. So, again we do expect to see some improvement as the year progresses.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Kyle, we are going to continue to see expansion in the core margin. We haven't seen all of the benefit in the loans side from the June increase and we continue to manage the cost of deposits really well as you can see with the 3 basis points increase on a linked quarter basis. So, clearly we think that there is expansion in the core margin from here, and adjusting for day basis in the second quarter we’re probably up 3 basis points from the first quarter.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Scott, so a few things, I mean, we are highly confident in the 609 for the fourth quarter excluding the intangible amortization and the FirstMerit revenue initiatives. The second quarter that we're looking at is seasonally higher, we have merit increases in this quarter, we have the impact of some stock compensation expense that hits this quarter that one-time in nature as it relates to the year, and we also had some seasonally higher marketing this quarter. So, those three things alone are probably $10 million to $15 million, closer to $15 million. So, very confident as we move from this level down to the 609 in the fourth quarter as I described.
Mac McCullough: Yes absolutely. It will be a headwind through the first quarter of 2018, really pretty small in the scheme of things and then once they are got we get the full benefit of the rate increase coming through and the adjustable rate C&I levels.
Mac McCullough: Kevin we had a really good quarter in the second quarter and a lot of that activity can be tied to either market circumstances volatility or commercial activity, and as we have said we think the commercial activity in the second half of the year is better than the first half or will be and we are also pretty good start in the quarter.
Mac McCullough: Kevin it is going to be really based on what’s happening in the marketplace. We are seeing a little bit more competition in our markets, but feel very confident in our core deposit base because of the strategy that we’ve put in place in 2010, around building relationships with the quality of the fair play product sets and mindset, and how do we actually serves the customer.  We think it feels us with an advantage in times like this when we see increases in deposit pricing and we can maybe lag a little bit more than the competition even. We are really pleased with what we have been able to do so far. The deposit betas are very attractive for us at this point in time, but I would think by that time we get at least the second increase from here, we will see a bit more pressure in what’s happening.
Mac McCullough: It is. So it’s very gradual from this point to the first quarter of 2018. It is actually a very small amount in the first quarter of 2018.
Mac McCullough: It is a very small number. I think it’s probably 1 million or 2 million. I mean it is not large at all.
Mac McCullough: I think it sums it up really well. I mean that’s one of the reasons why we did the deals, it is obviously a great strategic fit, risk appetite was the right, customers we know, great colleagues and improving the return profile. So, we feel like we're right on track in terms of what we expect.
Steve Steinour: We also had Ken about 2% drop in commercial utilization. So, a fair amount of headwinds in the second quarter with the combination of those factors and we came through that and so the pipeline as we sit here today reflects essentially what we had at the end of the first quarter and we think a lot of the headwinds have been adjusted.
Steve Steinour: Ken, I would point out that we had good performance in auto so across the board the metrics was really was quite strong. It is unusual were literally everything comes positive in the given quarter, and in this - so we have one of those. This is exceptional and not the norm.
Steve Steinour: Yes, so the asset swaps continue to roll off as scheduled and we don't have any plans to replace those. We’re currently about 6.4% asset sensitive and actually without the asset swaps it only has the 10th of a percent to asset sensitivity. So really the asset swaps are pretty much a non-event at this point.
Steve Steinour: Jon, we’ve been suggesting that we would review the branches like any good retailer, periodically. We tend to do it about every year and the track record would show a fairly consistent period of activity between every year, year and a half for the last 5, 6 years. So, we will continue to operate with that, and again like any good retailer we will be looking at our distribution. We are seeing continued - in particular mobile take-up by our customers both consumers and businesses, it is one of the reasons we’re investing more, if you will, accelerating some of our plans, and so you could expect to see more distribution consolidation from us over time.
Steve Steinour: We remain Jon with number one branch here in Ohio and Michigan. So, you think about that over an extended period of time and as this transition to more and more mobile occurs, I think it gives us a really significant, set of opportunities over time.
Steve Steinour: It doesn't change our strategy because it has all been consistent. We are looking for niche opportunities, principally business focused. We are not going to run the same play in Chicago that we’re doing in Ohio and Michigan in terms of dense distribution. We will, so we do think of Ohio, Chicago as an opportunity to pilot some of what we want to get done with mobile. And we will continue to use it on that basis. The combination of mobile and digital and data and analytics in a market as dense as Ohio is very attractive to us with the current distribution. We’re subscale, I don't think we are highly unlikely to build it out. So, we will be coming at it differently.
Steve Steinour: Geoff we remain highly confident in the quality of what we’re underwriting. We’re very, very disciplined and you see the statistics every quarter. The credit quality performance, there’s been an anxiety around auto for last three years. The credit quality performance and the consistency of it, I think it’s clearly coming through, as it did in this quarter in particular. And so we will we have limits in place in terms of what we believe on balance sheet, we use securitization as an outlet.  We will continue to do that. As you heard Mac talk about it, it is not a business where we expect to adjust the limits that we have now. We will operate within those guidelines. We ramped it up a bit post Q3 and just believe then that with our discipline on credit that we were getting our better risk return trade-off than what was available in securities. So we continue to believe that as we look at the business today and prepare it to alternative risk returns.
Steve Steinour: There is a - this industry cycle is on the finance side, and we think we’re entering one of the more attractive periods. Like 2010, 2011, 2012 were attractive. So there is a bit less competition, as others pull back. Those that bought deep are clearly feeling the challenges from the credit risk they took and so a combination of factors, I think we are making it even more interesting to us prospectively. We are also applying some of our data and analytics to this portfolio. We’ve been managing with some unique tools over the last year and a half. We think we are making better trade-off decisions, and pricing clearly has gone up as we referenced it is up about 50 basis points of Q2 last year to this year.
Steve Steinour: Well we obviously have our mortgage production and pipelines and we are seeing that flow-through very significantly. FirstMerit was not an SBA lender, so for us to be number three in Chicago, four in Chicago depending on what you want to measure, and same with Wisconsin, that’s all a result of the initiatives. We’re starting to break out some of the RV marine portfolio, as well for as you can see the growth in that portfolio, and it’s a portfolio that has performed very well through the cycle for FirstMerit. And we have some experience in terms of the team we put in place, about two years ago now to help us understand and manage that. So we are able to leverage the skill sets and technology is somewhat in auto and apply it to that book as well. So we see in terms of broadly the OCR activity whether it’s cross sell of products. At the branch level or through phone or other distribution channels we’re able to track that and we see that coming on as well. So, we like what we see occurring now. And there's been a lot of effort to make sure the conversion and integration activities went really well through the first half of this year. So, second half is entirely a focus on driving that revenue further.
Steve Steinour: Well Marty when we announced the deal, we talked about it as accelerating and enhancing our long-term financial goals and one of those is a TCE, return on TCE of 13% to 15% and at the announcement we suggested we saw our way to the upper end of that. And we in fact expect to deliver that and potentially go beyond it depending on was it occurring in the economy and sort of the interest rate environment, but we are very, very focused on those metrics and that’s an important one. May, one of the most important ones for us, and as we have talked before, our board will be reviewing performance against the metrics and coming into next year determining whether they should be adjusted or not.  We do feel this was a very powerful transformational opportunity for us and we think we are executing it very well. So, that combination should put us in a position over just another couple of quarters where we can show without one-time expense or transaction-related expenses, pretty strong performance. Anything to add Mac.
Steve Steinour: Thank you all. The first half of 2017 produced solid results, and as you can tell we are excited about our prospects to finish the second half of the year strong. The integration of FirstMerit is largely complete and we are now focused on the revenue upside. Our success with the integration accelerates the achievement of our long-term financial goals as we were just talking about, and our strategies are clearly working, our execution goals continues to drive good results, and we expect to continue to gain market share and growth share of wallet. So finally, I just want to reiterate that our board and management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priority is realizing revenue synergies from FirstMerit, as well as growing our core business. And at the same time, we will continue to manage risk and volatility and drive solid consistent long-term performance. We remain optimistic about our future performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington, we appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
