Steve Steinour: Thanks, I’d like to use slide 30 to recap the current thinking regarding near-term expectations. The time period covered by these expectations is beyond the fourth quarter, which to some extent is driven by what happens in the economy. So here is our thinking, it’s going to remain generally weak, no meaningful change is expected, confidence continues to be a challenge at very low levels. We are not anticipating, however, a double-dip recession. We do believe, however, that any recovery is getting pushed further and further out. The key drivers of net income growth are expected to be from net interest income and lower provision for credit losses, reflecting our expectation for continued improvement in our key credit metrics including reductions in nonperforming assets and lower charge-offs which we saw in the third quarter. Again, pre-tax, pre-provision earnings will likely remain comparable to a 2010 year-to-date performance with similar dynamics of that seen in the third quarter performance. We anticipate modest loan growth driven by continued strong growth in Auto and some growth in C&I loans partially offset by continued decline in commercial real estate loans. We still do not anticipate much if any growth to home equity loans. : We continue to expect growth and demand deposit savings accounts, and although we may choose to manage that growth differently if we continue to see limited reinvestment options. Fee income growth we expect will be mixed. We anticipate improvements in our strategic initiatives as they gain further traction, get much of the growth near term may be mitigated by lower mortgage banking income, and decline in service charges on deposits. Net interest expense is expected to remain relatively stable with third quarter performance with growth from strategic initiatives mitigated by lower credit related and to some extent similar marketing expenses. Taking all of this together, we anticipate continued modest growth in net income. On slide 31, in closing I want to remind all of our investors and customers with several key messages, our balance sheet is strong and our capital levels are sufficient and getting stronger with each passing profitable quarter. Our substantially improved credit quality performance position for us to obtain top hostile performance. Our strategic initiatives continue to gain traction and while the environment is challenging everyday, we are making progress. We are clearly on the move, we are growing and getting stronger. So, thank you for your interest in Huntington. Operator, we’ll now take questions.
Steve Steinour: Tony, what we are reading about, it feels fairly modest. And again we didn’t offer exotic products and other things. So this will be with this probably for awhile, but we do not see this as a big area of exposure from anything that we are seeing today.
Steve Steinour: Why don’t you – just a little bit o that a little bit for the benefit about how forward reaching we were and our views on them.
Steve Steinour: We think we have pricing both bond and money market and as we are growing core household give us some pricing flexibility. We are very focused on core households and cross-sale ratios, and as we look at our deposit booking the rate environment, the competitive dynamic in the Midwest have changed and made them substantially over the last couple of years. We think we had some opportunities there over time.
Steve Steinour: I don’t know, we’ve disclosed our Tier rate for 30 days delinquency and what we talked about historically though is the level of NPAs that we’ve are still current performing which is roughly 30% of commercial nonperforming, but I don’t know if we talked about that today.
Steve Steinour: Well sure obviously getting this last cycle, there is probably in some cases a majority of certain industries were customers would have been loosing money and normally when you are looking at approving credit you like to see a nice string of the consistence earnings and that’s where the coverage where in a turnaround situation once some one is come out of it they’re generating new contract, further cutting cost, you have to analyze a shorter earnings history in track record than we might normal do and that’s where we’re spending lot of time on, in trying to help those business that have credit needs.Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Steve Steinour: The acquisition front – there is more activities for sure, but I understand from the federal [ph] change we’re looking to drive our core number 5 and sort of the way we think about and it’s reflected on one the pages is acquisition and something interesting is available then we pursue about this there is a lot of from what we have seen so far its nothing is [Audio Gap] part of the rating agencies that, they still have the knowledge they tend to be very incremental and their approach as far as changing rating at, we did have S&P take some negative outlook to a positive outlook and so we hope that a good time for going forward as it relates today’s rating and we continued to talk to all three of our rating agencies that we report into and hopefully we’ll start to see some reaction overtime but no commitment at this point.
Don Kimble: Ken, this is Don. I think it will out, and the room is pointed my way, so I guess I will take a crack at this question. But as far as the initiative, many of them have a six to nine-month type of a payback period as far as from the investments and the people and so the challenge we’ve had is we have been compounding many of these on top of one another. So we did see some expense growth this past quarter that was an outlier compared to the revenue growth. But I would say that we are expecting us to see the returns later this year, expense increases this past quarter reflected not only from the initiatives, but also there is a benefit from some of the higher levels of mortgage production, which resulted in higher incentive cost for us as well. So each one these will have a different defined payback period, that’s a general guideline.
Don Kimble: Ken, as far as the DTA, we’ve got about $113 million left and so it’s probably a little different than the 68 basis point type of calculation. I think on roughly $43 billion and risk weighted asset, but we would expect that to be realized throughout the next several quarters of through 2011. So, I think that we will see that come back. As far as how the regulators would view that in connection with any TARP repayment, it is recognized for GAAP purposes and for regulatory capital purposes, but I don’t know there will be any differentiation as far as that type of asset. I think even though new Basel III requirement, take a look at what level of details in other more intangible assets are compared to total Tier1 capital and we will be below that threshold as well.
Don Kimble: Great question, Tony. I think more of that was actually related to the expiration of TAGP for, but that expired for us as of June 30th. We did see an increase in some of our sweep balances. So, in than other short-term borrowing, just one increase there of about $700 million, and so what growth may have normally come in or that interest during deposit over the last couple quarters was coming through that fleet process.
Don Kimble: Our pipeline is very strong and I think what we were seeing is not a typical from what others are seeing is that, the people are requesting credit and getting approved for credit. What we were not seeing as much of is the line utilization on the draw downs for capital investment. So our pipeline is very strong in fact that I think it maybe at a high point right now, so we are very encouraged by that.
Don Kimble: Great, in the fourth quarter we should see a $4 million reduction before total Franklin related expenses and that should be permanent that essentially the servicing related cost and other cost associated with the Franklin assets that where sold so those should be going forward.Jack Micenko – Sam Indigo Gulf: Okay, great and then on the auto growth side, was there any of the volume, nice growth there, any volume out of the Eastern Pennsylvania or Massachusetts dealership terms you brought on, yet are they still they worked in.
Don Kimble: I don’t know that we have any specific area pricing but I expect that our pricing models are fairly consistent across the entire footprint again they focus on very high on the score originations and very well excepted credit loss.Jack Micenko – Sam Indigo Gulf: Thanks great, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Don Kimble: With our view on the economy, we don’t play on sort of rushing in any cash and then again we’ve made a lot investments in building capacity to drive core revenue we are really focused on that and we don’t intend to get distracted.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure, Tony obviously we have seen an increase in those costs. Year-to-date, we have about 4.3 of actual losses paid out compared to 1.8 last year, so that activity is not stunning numbers, but clearly more activity there.
Dan Neumeyer: There were several large transactions, but in terms of a theme, no. We had one real estate transaction. We had a metal fabricator. We had one large building supply provider. So, I think that goes along with the general theme of what we’ve been seeing in the academy. Those are troubled areas and very lumpy, and I think in this quarter it just so happened that we had three larger ones that was quite atypical actually.
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, so these have been obviously targeted areas for us for 18 months or longer in terms of getting our arms around those and so forth. So, the – in that instance we had three loans totaling about $100 million, but overall we have been looking very hard at commercial real estate and have taken significant credit marks on the portfolio well reserved. And again homebuilder, supply and manufacturing segments, particularly auto related have been on our target list. So, those have been quickly identified and dealt with for about the last 18 months.
Dan Neumeyer: Well, I think we have seen a little bit more in the large corporate area where we are concentrating on local large corporate accounts where we have full cost flow opportunities and given the higher quality there, some of the yields may be a little bit lower, also in our equipment finance area in terms of the new business priorities are kind of more up market and so very high quality, but would also result in slightly lower yield.
Dan Neumeyer: First, your question on the inflows I do want to stress that, again, we are pretty aggressive when we put ones on nonaccrual, one of the large new NPA is current and principle and interest. So we think we’re taking a very aggressive and proactive pastor in placing those on nonaccrual. We’re certainly out leading until there are no options left on those credit in terms of the criticized asset flow that was that was fairly broad based, we saw actually more in terms of dollars in the C&I world and in business banking and actually less in commercial real estate. And when you look at the inflows it is very diversified again amongst geographies. Given then economy there are a lot of under capitalized companies that are still struggling. Many have, made great advances in cutting their cost structure and our surviving, others are struggling at this. So I think it’s, given, kind of a slow down that we’ve seen in the last quarter which began with, kind of the European disruption and the effects of that, we’ve seen a lagged effect on that slow down and I think an increase in the third quarter. We’re not necessarily anticipating that same level of inflow in the fourth quarter but it’s kind of fully related though.
