Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Ken. It's Mac. So a few things I'll point out. I mean, we have seen a good noninterest-bearing deposit growth in the consumer line on the balance sheet, which continues to help us keep the NIM at a decent level. But we're also very focused on managing both the asset yields and the liability rates. We're very carefully monitoring the rates that we bring onto the balance sheet on the asset side. And we're also extremely focused on what we're paying on the deposit side as well. So it's a pretty fluid environments and we just are making sure that from a – both in asset and liability position, we're making good decisions around the rates and yields that we're bringing things on to the balance sheet. We continue to work through some of the headwinds that have been discussed. I mean, clearly purchase accounting accretion is working against us. We do have some additional costs associated with the hedging program, which is probably 3 basis points on the margin for the full year. But we monitor these things very frequently and we continue to take actions to make sure that we continue to support the NIM.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So the core NIM will be up modestly year-over-year. I think, you could expect that it is going to drift a little bit lower on a quarterly basis, but for the year-over-year impact it should be up, probably three to four basis points, something like that.
Mac McCullough: So we continued to see – I think really good results on the consumer side of the balance sheet, as I mentioned in the previous answer, 5% year-over-year growth in noninterest-bearing is probably one of the better performances among the peer group. We're very focused on understanding what's happening from a competitive perspective. We're very focused on making sure that we bring things onto the sheet that the right rates. We have many, many programs underway on the retail side of the bank, in terms of sales execution, promotional pricing strategies. We look at different products and which products make the most sense for us, given what's happening in the marketplace. And we were able to pull those levers pretty well. So we feel good about the consumer side of the sheet. Commercial is a bit more challenging in terms of just rate expectations. We're monitoring and actually responding to those customer requests on a one-off basis. Obviously, we look at the tradeoff between what we can bring on a commercial deposit versus overnight funding. But we're very focused on supporting our deep customer relationships and making sure that we do what's right from a customer perspective in that regard. So we're very happy with what we see from a deposit growth on the balance sheet overall. And we continue to believe that we have many levers to be able to continue to see that growth take place.
Mac McCullough: Yes. I think, look, we're going to continue to manage through – towards the upper end of the CET1 range of 9% to 10%. So you're going to us be closer to the 10%. And we feel like we have a good balance of asset growth funded through core deposits and maintaining our capital levels at that 10% or near 10% CET1 level. So we haven't given our specific capital return expectations for the 2019 CCAR process. But as I had mentioned in my comments, we're going to be 70% to 80% total and 40% to 45% dividend payout.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Ken, it's Mac. So you will see expenses come down in the third and fourth quarters. The spike that we see in the second quarter is normal and has been included in all the guidance that we've been giving throughout the period. So you will see the efficiency ratio at its peak in the second quarter and it will come down in the third and fourth quarters.
Mac McCullough: Later this year actually. So you also – Dan has accounted for, the SNCC exams in the current reserves as well.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So we just feel more comfortable operating at the higher end of that range. And if you take a look at us relative to our peer groups, we are a bit lower than the peer group. We do believe that the peer group is migrating down to us as they execute on their capital actions. But we feel comfortable at that higher level and obviously we're producing industry-leading returns at that higher capital level. So we feel very good about how we're positioned.
Mac McCullough: So it will continue to migrate higher. We basically run six months special pricing and then if it comes back to a lower rate. I'm not quite sure that we're going to see it. Migrate much higher, it's probably going to be 25, 50 basis points perhaps. But it just depends on the level of competition, what's happening in the marketplace and how we choose to fund the balance sheet. You saw us moved to CDs in early 2018 because we thought that was the opportunity. We switched back to money market, kind of the middle of 2018. But we're always looking at what is happening in the market from a competition perspective. And we're pretty good at finding the right levers in terms of getting the right growth.
Mac McCullough: Yes. I do think it is easing a bit. We did see continued migration in the first quarter. And it's going to contain to migrate. But I do think that the rate of migration is slowing down.
Mac McCullough: Peter, it's likely going to be stable to declining going forward because we're very, very pleased with the pricing actions that we're taking. We're very pleased with the volumes that we're generating. And we just think it's the right tactic given where we are from a rate perspective and the concentration of auto on the balance sheet. So I would expect stable to declining going forward.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So I think severity, no. Now recoveries are slowly dwindling. So a small portion of the increase in net charge-offs was from lower recoveries. So that's just a fact given how lower charge-offs have been. But I think when you look at the portfolio as a whole, everything was really rocksteady with the exception of C&I. And I just think for context, if you look at the C&I category, again if you average the last four quarters, we had 15 basis points of charge-offs. Two quarters ago, we actually had net recoveries. So I think it's important to look at that in total because as we've mentioned in a quarter anything can happen and I think this quarter we happened to see just a little bit more activity than normal, but overall, we feel really confident in the book.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So it's important to remember that the first quarter is seasonally low for us and we also had about $10 million of unusual items, if you think about the MSR and then the commodities write down. So that that's roughly $9.5 million, $10 million. So a little bit light in the first quarter driven by those two events and also just the normal seasonality. Going forward, it's going to be the usual suspects. We're going to see growth – we'll continue to see growth in deposit service charges as we bring on new customers and we continuing to see good household growth and good deep relationships. We've got some new treasury management capabilities coming out this year in business banking that should help us significantly as we move through the year. The capital markets line just continues to grow for us. The Hutchinson Shockey acquisition is going to help quite a little bit. And we've made good investments in people and our product in that group. The payments line is a good grower for us. It's debit, credit, ATM, merchant processing and that's going to continue to show good growth as well. So I do recognize some of the weakness in the first quarter, but I feel good about the remainder of the year, with mortgage in particular coming back in the spring as we would typically see it. So yes, I think the outlook for the year should be good.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Brock. I would expect that be a very similar pattern to what you saw last year. And it just does come back a bit to some of the seasonality on deposit growth and deposit usage among our customers. And first quarter is always a bit seasonally low and then the growth comes back as we move through the year. So that is typically what happens.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. Yes, so it's obviously something we monitor very closely is what's coming in the bucket, and what we're seeing is no concentration by sector, geography, et cetera. So the four largest NPLs we had were all different industries. And I think the flow this quarter, if you look at what we've been experiencing over the last year or so, it is lumpy. We've had a number of quarters where it improves and then we'll see a few move in, in an opposite direction, but if you look at our NPA and NAL ratios year-over-year, 2 basis points difference than what it was. So we remain very confident. We're not changing our outlook based on the new flows in terms of charge-offs to provision expense. So this – I think it all proves itself out that quarter-to-quarter, we see ups and downs. This happen to be a quarter, we're up a bit.
Dan Neumeyer: Well, actually, since our numbers are so low, John, that the increase is in one credit. It was of our largest inflow in the quarter, but that is one deal. And of the four largest inflows this quarter, they are in four different industries. They're originated in different – they're not all from one vintage, they're not all in a singular geography. I mean that's just the dispersion happened in the few more this quarter than we typically do.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes. And we didn't have tremendous activity this quarter, but the SNCC results are incorporated in everything you see today.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes, this is Dan. Well I think generally, our customers continue to be fairly positive. So, the pipelines remain strong. I think that the growth was diversified in that, not any one area accounted for the bulk of it, everything from middle markets to our business credit, asset based healthcare, they all contributed. So I think that it's within our risk appetite, we have certainly pulled back where we feel we can't compete within a risk appetite. So I don't see any meaningful shifts in the volumes that we would anticipate for the balance of the year.
Dan Neumeyer: We also pulled a – about a little less than $100 million forward from the plan as approved by the Fed for the year, put it in – accelerated into the fourth quarter. So if you will, we almost prefunded the fourth quarter with the first quarter.
Steve Steinour: Well, we've been working for years, Jon, with a view that something has been imminent and obviously wrong. So we've done a number of things and we're maintaining those. I think it was 3, 3.5 years ago, the teams led by Dan pulled back on leverage lending. We've done a lot with commercial real estate, construction, in particular. The concentration discipline stay in flow. This focus on portfolio management and assuming that there's something likely to occur near term, now for the couple – last couple of years has caused us to bolster our capabilities, our MIS. There are a whole series of things that we've already done and are maintaining. Now if we see it turning, we'll start adjusting where we think there's going to be further impact if to the extent we think there's any policy adjustment or other things. But it – we're running it fairly conservatively as we said we have been for a number of years notwithstanding the growth and expect that we're going to have relatively consistent performance through the cycle.
Steve Steinour: Yes. Ken, so we're kind of implementing our way into the hedge position. We have about, let's say, $4 billion on at the end of first quarter. We're primarily focused on putting on BOR-OIS at this point, making sure that just in case we do get a rate hike from the Fed, we still benefit from that. But clearly, just given some of the uncertainty in direction of interest rates and given our asset sensitivity position, we just think it's a prudent exercise to go through and reduce some of that asset sensitivity, while still maintaining the upside using the BOR-OIS at this point in time.
Steve Steinour: John, there's a little bit of history where the capital was deployed substantially in the FirstMerit acquisition. So we pulled capital levels down with an expectation of replenishing over time, and we thought about being or expecting that we're somewhere later in the cycle. So that would guide us to the higher end of that range.
Steve Steinour: Yes, Steven, so virtually all of the new production that we're putting on the sheet is going to be higher than the back book on the asset side. We've been particularly focused on indirect auto pricing. We've been very successful in raising pricing, which has had the result of reducing origination, but we're fine with that trade off. We've also been very focused on really pricing across the entire consumer loan category, resi, mortgage, it's been another area of focus for us. And then on the commercial side, we're in the middle of renewal season and we're looking for opportunities to continue to increase our pricing there. So we're very active on the asset side in terms of things that we're doing, just to make sure that we're getting every basis point to help offset some of the continued pressure on the deposit side. We are going to see continued migration of deposit rates up over the last half of the year, but that is all factored into our guidance and we do feel comfortable with the expectations that we put out there for the NIM.
Steve Steinour: It really just looking at some of the volatility and some of the events in the first quarter, I mean, Brexit and other items just had us hit the pause button for a while. We did do the $25 million and we will complete the remaining $152 million in the second quarter. But really just taking a look at the environment and maybe being a little more cautious about the buyback, but we'll pick it up in the second quarter.
Steve Steinour: So thank you. Before I wrap up, we wanted to take a minute to thank our Chief Credit Officer, Dan Neumeyer, for his decade of service with Huntington. Today is his final earnings conference call before his retirement in June. And his leadership in the aftermath of the global financial crisis drove the company to be where it is today in terms of performance. Dan's been a vital leader in instilling Huntington's credit culture and discipline and establishing our risk management – credit risk management infrastructure. So thank you very much, Dan. Now we're pleased that Rich Pohle, currently our Deputy Chief Credit Officer and Senior Commercial Credit Approval Officer will be stepping up into the Chief Credit Officer role upon Dan's retirement. Rich has been a key member of the Huntington team for almost a decade, and our team will benefit from his disciplined approach and many years of experience. Our first quarter results provided a good start to the year and I'm confident about our prospects for the full year. Our top priorities remain executing our strategic plan to prudently grow revenue and to thoughtfully invest in our businesses for continued organic growth. We're building long-term shareholder value through a diligent focus on top quartile financial performance and consistently disciplined risk management. And finally, I always like to end with a reminder to our shareholders that there's a high level of alignment between the Board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively the seventh largest shareholder of Huntington, and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
