Daniel Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 21 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. The second quarter continued to exhibit improved credit quality trends in both commercial and consumer loans. Notably, the net charge-off ratio fell significantly from 1.73% annualized in the first quarter to 1.01% in the second quarter. This reflected the results of our proactive recognition of emerging problem loans and focus on aggressive resolution that has been underway for the past 2 years. The improvement was broad-based, but was particular evident in the commercial segments, which experienced significant reduction despite a still anemic economic environment. Loans 90 days plus past due and accruing continued to fall and were 15 basis points on total loans at the end of the quarter, the lowest level experienced in several years. Delinquencies, in general, continued to show improvement in both the commercial and consumer segments in both 30- and 90-day categories. There are slides in the appendix that detail these trends. The nonaccrual loans, nonperforming assets and criticized asset ratios all showed continued improvement in the quarter, although the improvement was slowed somewhat by an uptick in problem loan inflows.  The allowance for loan and lease losses and the allowance for credit loss ratios fell modestly to 2.74% and 2.84% from 2.96% and 3.07%, respectively. The coverage ratios remain very strong, however, as the lower allowance levels were offset with lower nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets. The ALLL and ACL to NPA ratios actually remained flat quarter-over-quarter. Slide 22 shows the trends in our nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates the continued reduction in the level of both nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets.  Nonaccrual loans fell 3.5% in the quarter. With regard to nonaccrual inflows depicted on the right-hand side, we did experience a small uptick in the quarter. We view this increase as reflective of the uneven nature of the commercial activity, including several unrelated credits that migrated in the quarter, rather than a reversal of the positive trend that's been developing and that is expected to continue. Slide 23 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flow. NPAs fell by 5% in the quarter. The increased inflows were more than offset by a stable level of loans returning to accrual status, loan and lease losses, payments, along with a modest level of loan sales.  Turning to Slide 24. We provide similar flow analysis of our commercial criticized loans. Over the past year, we've seen a consistent decline in the level of commercial criticized loans. As already mentioned, criticized inflows were up in the quarter, although this inflow is more than offset by the level of upgrades to Pass during that same period. Along with pay downs and charge-offs, this resulted in an 11% reduction in criticized commercial from the prior quarter. Reviewing Slide 25, the loan loss provision of $35.8 million was lower than net charge-offs by $61.7 million. The ratio of ACL to NAL fell slightly to 181% from 185%, although this level of coverage remains very strong and we expect we'll continue to compare favorably with our peer banks. Given the continued improvement in the risk profile of the portfolio as evidenced by virtually all of our key credit metrics, we view the resulting ACL ratio of 2.84% as sufficient and appropriate. Overall, we remain very pleased with the direction of credit quality across the portfolio and expect continued improvements the subsequent quarters.  Now let's turn the presentation over to Nick Stanutz.
Daniel Neumeyer: That's a great question, Ken. We do expect the loan yields to continue about the same level. As we talked about, our commercial loan yields on average after your backup the swap impact, are fairly flat, have been relatively consistent over the last 5 quarters. If you take a look at that commercial loan yield and back off funding from the money market account growth, you're not at that 340-plus type of margin. And so that's why we think even though with the improved mix of the deposits, the growth will still maintain a relatively stable margin going forward.
Daniel Neumeyer: I think you would need to see a continued shift of the balance sheet away from investments to see those margins improved. And so to your point, if deposit growth funds the loans growth and you keep the portfolio stable, there could be some opportunity there for some slight expansion.
Daniel Neumeyer: I would assume some very modest growth in those categories, and then we would expect to see over the next several quarters continued decline from the commercial real estate book. So those would be the only categories that we didn't comment specifically.
Daniel Neumeyer: Most of all, we keep on our balance sheet are either adjustable rate mortgages or some of our private banking type of mortgages. And so I would say the private banking, they typically wouldn't be the ones you would sell to Fannie or Freddie because they tend to be in the jumbo category. But our ARMs, generally, are underwritten with similar underwriting standards to what we have with conforming loans.
Daniel Neumeyer: Conservative management. There's a lot of volatility. It's seems like we go through multiple cycles last year and we're in one this year. We changed fundamentally over a couple of quarters. We intend to stay on the conservative side of the spectrum.
Stephen Steinour: Turning to Slide 29. As I mentioned in my opening comments, our Fair Play banking philosophy has been strongly resonating in the market and driving new customers for Huntington. Along with these new customers, we continue to benefit from higher retention rates.  In May, we reported our consumer checking household growth. At that time, first quarter 2011 growth was running at a 9.1% annualized rate or 1.6% above our initial plan. Over the second quarter, several competitors announced they were adding fees or reducing product features to try to offset lost revenue. Customers reacted. Our consumer checking household growth further accelerated. I'm very happy to report that our annualized growth rate for the first half was nearly 10%. This is more than 30% above the initial goals we set last September and more than a threefold increase compared to what we were generating in 2009. Turning to Slide 30, where we show the product penetration trends. Our optimal customer relationships we refer to as OCR is more than just getting new customers to the door and keeping the old ones happy. The key to our strategy is to grow Huntington's share of wallet from the total base of customers.  Driving this is a broad ray of services and products coupled with the rigorous and disciplined sales management process, all of which is supported by robust sales and cross referral technology. Over the last 4 quarters, we've increased the percent of households with 4 or more products from just over 68% to now over 71%.  While that might seem -- or like, while it might not seem like a large number, remember that the entire customer base of over $1 million households is reflected in the number. So even if you don't factor the new accounts, this means that we sold over 30,000 new products and services just this quarter alone. Turning to Slide 31. You can see that this has resulted in a significant positive impact of customer checking account household revenue. Total customer checking account household revenue in the second quarter was $260 million. That's an increase of $11 million or 5% from the first quarter. What we believe is even more meaningful is that consumer checking household revenue is $15 million or 6% higher than the year ago quarter, but growth in checking account households and deeper banking relationships has more than offset the impacts from our Fair Play action, our investments in Fair Play, and Reg E.  Turning to Slide 32. I just want to recap our current thinking. The economy, we expect to be stable but not to meaningfully improve, and this is an adjustment from our perspective just a quarter or so ago. We expect this for the remainder of the year. We're seeing fragility, early signs of it in borrower and consumer confidence in the second quarter that we, a couple of quarters ago, did not anticipate as well.  Our net interest margin should be stable and with regard to loan growth, we expect the recent trends to continue with their overall modest loan growth, driven by continued strong growth in auto loans, meaningful growth in commercial industrial loans, modest growth in home equity being offset by expected declines -- continuing declines in commercial real estate portfolio. We anticipate fee income growth will be mixed as we see continued growth related to Fair Play banking, positioning, strategic initiatives and other key banking activities. In the fourth quarter, we expect implementation of the new interchange fee structure will reduce electronic banking income by approximately 50% from the second quarter levels.  Noninterest expense is expected to be relatively stable as continued investment and strategic initiatives should be offset by continued low credit costs -- credit-related costs and improve expense efficiencies. Nonaccrual loans and net charge-offs are expected to continue to decline throughout the rest of the year. The primary driver of net income growth throughout the rest of the year is that we expected modest revenue growth coupled with disciplined expense control.  In closing, while there was many positive aspects of the quarter as we continue to drive for higher and more stable returns, there were some aspects where we can do better and we will do better.  So thank you for your interest. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Stephen Steinour: We're working at that dynamically now. Some of our expense increase in the second quarter was related to Dodd-Frank issues where we're, frankly, trying to get ahead. An example would be hearing what some of the large mortgage servicers we're working on. We invested in looking at our shop based on what seem to be emerging standards with outside consultants. So there will be continued investments in the business segments as well. But at this point, with the change in our economic outlook, we'll be rationing those investments more dynamically than we had anticipated at the start of the year, Ken.
Stephen Steinour: Ken, we also are using a strategy of moving some of the CD maturities into our investment portfolio. We've got a very strong broker-dealer. So there's a customer sort of management retention element to this as well.
Stephen Steinour: Well, the Midwest has performed relatively well over the last year. A consequence of that is just probably a little more competition than there might have been a year ago. The manufacturing sector of the U.S. economy, for example, you would see performing again relatively well, whether it's a combination of market circumstances, including foreign exchange, things like that, for exporters. And we're going to -- our footprint is in the manufacturing zone. So we are a little more competitive, to bottom line your answer.
Stephen Steinour: We are, and we had some noise in the first quarter number related to our derivative position and how we have allocated it into various books. We've tried to with disclosures make it very clear what was price pressure flow-through versus hedging. And hopefully, we'll be able to do that. Essentially, we're flat within a couple basis points year-over-year.
Stephen Steinour: It's more competitive today, Paul. It's not sort of at a feverish pitch. It's likely to be more competitive in the future than less as well, but there's not some massive sea change that has occurred over the last quarter or 2 from what we can tell because of our forward pipeline management. We don't see a sea change at least in the near term.
Stephen Steinour: Let's start with the outlook, Tony. We expect that we got a steadily improving economy throughout the year, and that appear to be the case at least from our opinion based on some of the information we can access. Our pipeline, to answer your question now, was flat at the end of the quarter compared to where it began in the quarter or ended the prior quarter. And we have confidence in our near-term forecasting and disciplines around sales management of that pipeline over the last 2 years. That's been part why we project the confidence in being able to grow the book notwithstanding -- we think we have a different economic outlook today than we would have in the fourth quarter for the second half of this year.
Stephen Steinour: So we had a quarter that exceeded expectations as we should, Tony. Frankly, we don't know. We're challenging ourselves as to how far we can take this and whether we can sustain it, whether it's a one-time sort of moment here. But we're very pleased. We're, as I reported, we're above what we communicated last September and we had good growth quarter-over-quarter, but it's early. Asterisk-Free came out with marketing way mid-second quarter, so we need another couple of quarters to get -- to be able to answer that question with confidence, I think.
Stephen Steinour: The majority will be '13 and '14, Tony. I think there may be a dozen or so next year now. The situation is fluid. Our partner could elect to pullback. One of the other partners could elect to pullback, and in which case, we'd step in on an accelerated basis.
Stephen Steinour: I don't think -- I think it's too early to answer you directly, just for competitive reaction, if there's going to be any. There was a lot of product change across the industry, Erika. And those product changes were just implemented if not the second or first quarter, late fourth quarter in most cases. So I'm sure there's some further adjusting that -- or I imagine there's some further adjusting that's going on. But don't expect to see any wholesale response from our competition based on where we are. Fair Play is going well from our perspective, very well. And it's benefiting both account acquisition and much stronger retention. And so I believe we've got a couple of quarters before we'll really -- and maybe longer before we'll see any sort of competitive dynamics.
Stephen Steinour: Great question. I do think it will in part because I think what is happening is a combination of events will come together. First of all, we don't have size ratios in the U.S. yet. At some point, we have to get those. The higher capital charges for the larger banks, I think, will cause a rationing allocation that will go even beyond where it is today. And so to the extent pricing continues to heat a bit in some of these markets, I think it may cause a redistribution or reallocation. It's not clear to me that some other, the very large banks, in fact, won't try to manage their balance sheet size differently. So I don't think there's going to be some kind of sea change that reverts to a norm. I think it's going to be more challenging in the future, but the rate of pricing competitiveness may abate it.
Stephen Steinour: And then Scott, fundamentally, we've taken approach to try and take advantage of the cycle, notwithstanding the complications of regulation and other things and that attitude is not going to change. So irrespective of the Durbin impact and setback that's going to provide to household profitability, we've taken a longer view and it starts with market share and share of wallet. And we'll keep coming back to that.
Stephen Steinour: We rolled our the 24-Hour Grace. We rolled out Asterisk-Free. We made enhancements here recently to system mobile and some of the electronic channels that we have available to us. And so if we ever start to get past seventh or eight inning, I think that you can have a problem and then start to force us to go into a new game. So I would just say that we're always innovating and creating new solutions here.
Donald Kimble: Ken, this is Don. As far as our outlook, for each of the last 3 quarters, we've been growing C&I loans on an annualized basis of 8% to 10%. We would continue to expect to have growth rates in that range. And so it's really been a reflection of the concerted effort we've had as far as the call in activities and the execution of our sales efforts throughout the organization. And so we still believe that will continue. Some of the challenges against that, to be honest, there are just potential concerns about the economy. So we have seen it slowed in this past quarter, and then Steve said we think it's a little bit more fragile. And we are continuing to see more aggressive pricing from the competitors, and we want to maintain our pricing discipline. But we're seeing more aggressive pricing on large corporates and large middle markets and even going into the more regular middle market lending and also on the floor plan lending. And so we want to maintain our discipline. And at the same time, we believe, because of our sales efforts, we can drive consistent growth from that 8% to 10% range.
Donald Kimble: Our expectation would be is that the balance sheet should be flat to up, and that's driven by the loan growth. And as you saw this past quarter, we worked on for allowing that CD book to decline, and the investment portfolio declined just because we didn't think the risk reward was in balance for us. That if you look at where our alternative investment yields were for, say, a 3-year related type of asset, it didn't provide enough margin for us to raise the rates on growing the deposit book, and also concern in this rising rate environment that we didn't want to put our lower rate, lower yielding investments in our portfolio.
Donald Kimble: We are confident that we can continue to grow commercial. We have a good track record as far as the indirect. And as you can also see, if you look at the end of period deposit balances, they're flat with where we were for the average for the quarter. And so that gives us some confidence we can maintain that as well perspectively.
Donald Kimble: And Paul, you want to take a look at Page 9 of that quarterly summary, it shows the detail in the bottom of that page where we break out the commercial loan yield trends versus what the impact of the swaps.
Donald Kimble: Brian, this is Don, and I'll ask Nick to jump in here as well. But generally, our credit adjusted spread is just around 2.25%. And we've been maintaining that for some time. And as far as ROAs and ROEs, that we're probably closer to the 1% ROA. And we're also looking at the ROEs in being in the midteens. Keep in mind that cum loss estimate is for the life of the loan. And so if you got a 2-year duration of that asset, the average credit costs would be in the 40 basis point range as opposed to the 88 bps that we're showing.
Donald Kimble: Tony, as far as the current quarter, I'd say it's probably about $5 million incremental spend this quarter because of complying to Dodd-Frank review and other issues like that. But more of that is just gearing up, understanding and relying on some external expertise there that we have a continuing investment in our risk management activities and functions. I think it'd be hard for us to define how much is Dodd-Frank specific, but we continue to support these initiatives as part of our objective of having an aggregate moderate to low-risk profile. And so I think it would be very difficult for us to describe how much of that increase in the risk management is attributed to just Dodd-Frank.
Donald Kimble: So the increase, Erika, in the nonaccruals in the quarter was just due to a policy change. We grew more conservative on our nonaccrual recognition. We moved from 180 days to 150 days, so that accounted for the addition there. And otherwise, we view the portfolio as pretty stable.
Donald Kimble: Scott, this is Don. If we would look at here, you're right. The revenues per household is probably down slightly compared to where it was a year ago. But you got to take in consideration the Reg E and other initiatives cost us probably 8% of that revenue base. And so those were areas that were outside of our initial control. We could have gone through and charge additional fees to our customers. But we feel that the strategy we've taken on is going to be better for us in the long run. And then we think that you're seeing that flow through in a way that our low-cost demand deposit accounts are growing. Noninterest-bearing demand deposit is up 26% on an annualized basis this past quarter. Also, we consider the household growth that we're picking up. There really is a very small incremental cost to bringing that household. And so we think that the profitability is going to be maintained and retained in appropriate level. And the core piece here too is that we want to use the household relationship as a start point, so we can deepen that relationship and crossover that customer and get additional services that will differentiate us compared to where our competition may be seeing. So we're very pleased with where we are. It's still early in the process, and we think that we'll have more to come as we continue to move it forward.
Donald Kimble: I don't know that I'd ever want to define our game as anything past about the third inning. We're always looking at a way that we can improve and enhance and deepen that relationship with the customer. But each one of these are staged as part of the development.
