Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Dave. Slide 15 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit quality trends were again very positive in the quarter. The net charge-off ratio fell to 34 basis points on an annualized basis compared to 51 basis points in the prior quarter. This level of charge-offs falls below our longer-term targeted range of 35 to 55 basis points, and is aided by an improved economic environment and healthy recoveries. Given the absolute low level of charge-offs, some volatility from quarter-to-quarter is likely, although we expect the overall level to continue to be positive. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing were down slightly in the quarter to 23 basis points and remained very well-controlled. The nonaccrual loan ratio showed continued modest improvement in the quarter, falling to 0.87% of total loans. The NPA ratio showed similar improvement, falling from 101 basis points to 95 basis points. The criticized asset ratio also showed improvement, falling from 4.49% to 4.24%. The allowance for loan and lease loss and the allowance for credit loss to loans ratios fell in the quarter to 1.76% and 1.86%, respectively, down from 1.81% and 1.91% in the prior quarter, reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The ALLL and the ACL coverage ratios both increased modestly due to the reduction in nonperformers in the quarter. Slide 16 shows the trends in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates the continued reduction in our NPAs, falling another 5% in the second quarter. The chart on the right shows the NPA inflows, which fell in the quarter to 25 basis points of beginning of period loans. We expect this basic trend to continue. Slide 17 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. As I mentioned before, NPAs fell by 5% in the quarter, and the level of NPA inflows was the lowest experienced in the last year, and is less than 50% of the level of inflows from 1 year ago. Turning to Slide 18. We provide a similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. This quarter saw a similar level of inflow as the prior quarter, with upgrades, paydowns and charge-offs contributing to a 5% reduction for the quarter. All of our reported results incorporate the findings of the recently completed Shared National Credit exam. Moving to Slide 19. Commercial loan delinquencies remained elevated in both the 30- and 90-day categories over what we had shown from the first quarter of '11 through the first quarter of '12. The increase is due to the addition of the Fidelity portfolio. All of the 90-day delinquencies are related to the Fidelity purchased impaired loans, which are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status. However, delinquencies remain very well-controlled in the aggregate. Slide 20 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which were in line with expectations. 30-day consumer delinquencies showed a slight uptick from the first quarter. Home equity delinquencies showed improvement in the quarter, although that was more than offset by an increase in residential delinquencies. Although residential delinquencies were up in the quarter, they were 74 basis points lower than 1 year ago. 90-day delinquencies remain very well-controlled and showed modest improvement in the quarter. Auto, home equity and residential all showed modest improvement quarter-over-quarter. Reviewing Slide 21, the loan loss provision of $24.7 million was down $5 million from the prior quarter and was $10 million less than net charge-offs. The ratio of the ACL to nonaccrual loans rose from 207% to 214%, due to the previously noted reduction in nonperformers. The ACL to loans was lower at 1.86% compared to 1.91% last quarter. Most of the major credit metrics showed continued improvement and, therefore, we believe these coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate. In summary, we are pleased with the quarter's credit results. We remain focused on quality and discipline in our new business originations in a very competitive environment. With regard to our metrics, we anticipate the possibility of some quarter-to-quarter volatility, but expect overall improvement, including lower criticized loans and lower NPAs. Let me turn the presentation over to Steve.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Hey, Erika, this is Dan. We have plenty of capacity and we look at the auto book in several ways. We look at it as a percentage of capital. We also look at how much we want as a percentage of the loan book. And we have over $2 billion of capacity at this time. We can always revisit those guidelines later, but we feel very comfortable that we can continue to hold those on the sheet and not impinge on any of our guidelines.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Obviously, a hard question to answer. But we are -- we still see greater than, I would say, average recoveries. And while that will begin to dissipate a bit, they are still strong at this time. We're still enjoying improvement in the overall portfolio, so criticized and classified are still coming down. We've been very disciplined in our new originations, so I wouldn't expect to see lots of new inflows on the things that we've originated since 2009. So I think that there still is a period of time where we're going to experience pretty low levels of charge-offs. Now we're at a level now where the absolute level any quarter could move around, because in the commercial book at 4 basis points, any one deal is going to move that. But I think, in general, we are going to have -- we feel pretty good in the near-term outlook, and even the medium-term outlook, that there will be a fairly low level of charge-offs.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, our yields in the last couple of months are essentially the same as what they were previously. There's been yield compression in that asset class over the last year and a half. And as you've seen last year and continuing this year, we remain disciplined on the pricing side. And despite overall increases in new car sales, our originations are flat year-over-year, and that reflects this discipline. As we've said before, we're not playing the market share game here. We were prepared -- we showed it last year, we let market share in Ohio slip a bit in order to maintain price. And our auto business, just to more fundamentally reflect on it, is a lot about relationships. We do a lot with -- on the wholesale side, and we have a single business unit that drives both the retail and wholesale. And we've been at it for a long time.
Stephen D. Steinour: The new loan yields have not gone up but they haven't -- I think your question was, have you seen any material change. I thought you're implying reduction.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we've not shared that yet, but there will obviously be a run rate impact, which we flagged in the comments. And you'll pick that up with the gain in the Q.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's hard to project with all the volatility, even the differences in comments amongst the Fed governors. So we'd be reluctant to venture too far into that. As you know, we're managing it intensely. We will continue. We've shown a lot of discipline. If you look at this overall multi-year period, we still have a fair amount of CD maturities over the next 4 quarters, and the core strategy of growing low-cost deposits continues to work for us. So we're offsetting the asset compression with managing this liability side, both mix and rate, I think reasonably well, and we expect to continue to do that.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the change reflected in the conversation earlier is that the investment portfolio reinvest decisions that we make -- we get roughly $100 million, $125 million of cash flow off the investment portfolio a month. We'll be -- instead of putting that back into securities, at this rate, with the outlook in volatility, we will put it the into the auto loans. We like a short duration, higher-yielding asset without the OCI, which is reflected in that substitution, if you will. There'll be -- perhaps, there will be a moment when there's a greater stability that we'll look at that investment portfolio maybe changing directions, but in the -- through this year, we'll stay with not reinvesting and putting it into the auto portfolio.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, as we -- when we launched the strategy in 2009 and expressed that in the Investor Conference in '10, it was with the view all along that we wanted to create long-term, relationship-based, low cost deposits, and thus, the emphasis on cross-sell and the reporting on 4-plus products per household. And so in line with that, we found in 2010, in part of that release, that there was a material difference in the stickiness of those deposits if they had 4-plus products or services with us. So having achieved substantial growth in the 4-plus, and now having shifted to 6-plus, it gives us -- and expecting to continue to grow the 6-plus penetration in the overall cross-sell distribution, we think we're going to get a fairly sticky consumer deposit base here, and expect that to be sustaining through a change in rates. We're -- although we've grown at a pace greater than many in the industry, we're still about 5% below the average. So we do expect -- we think we've got great product in Asterisk-Free and our premium checking product, both coming with 24-Hour Grace, unique feature, we think we've got tremendously differentiated loyalty in the base.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, these -- the rules just came out. We'll have a lot of board discussion about '14. And of course, we'll get, late in the year, the scenario to review. So it'd be very premature to have any commentary on '14. As we've said before, we think our capital is robust. We were pleased this year to be able to increase the dividend. I like to say up 25%, others reflect it's up $0.01. But the 25% sounds good to me. And then the buyback increase year-over-year was helpful. Our capital priorities haven't changed. Our view of our capital being strong is something that, as an organization, we intend to keep strong capital, but we view the Basel III announcements as possibly creating more flexibility within the Fed. And we'll be reviewing that and try to ascertain that as we go forward.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the fee income was flat to down. The net interest income, we expect balance sheet growth, modest balance sheet growth, and that will be additive. And we flagged with this pension and expense savings, there are other expense opportunities that we have been working on and will continue to work on that we expect to translate as well. So we tried to be cautious in our outlook, given the volatility that's just occurred with interest rates, as we think about the second half.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it depends on volumes, because we've got a fair amount of commission-related volume activities. So I don't mean to be cute on this in any way or hedging, but it does in fact reflect activity-based results.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, at least here at Huntington, so I'm talking on behalf of the industry, the expectation was always that the second half would be stronger than the first half. As we went into the year, we saw a scenario where we thought it would be weak, and it certainly was. Coming with a combination of sequestration, debt cliff, health care and tax reform, it just, in my opinion, stalled what typically would be early investment decisions. And that has continued, in part because of some global volatility, although the confidence is better today and has improved off the first quarter consistently. For us, we've remained disciplined. And you can see that in how the NIMs are holding in. And we're very return-focused. So as the competition has heated up, perhaps even more than we might have expected, it's had a bit of an impact as well. But we're -- we've made strategic decisions to be relationship-focused in 2009. We've maintained that discipline going forward. You can see on the commercial portfolio, as a whole, as we report 4-plus cross-sell, that continues to improve, and we'll maintain the course here. So there's perhaps a bit of frothiness that, with our discipline, we're not -- we're just not playing in. And that's having a marginal impact.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we were clear last year that, through the middle of the year, we expected to file a CCAR. It was only a midyear change. And we invested, I think we disclosed $10 million around regulatory issues. And you can assume quite a bit of that was related to CCAR preparations. So a lot of our investment is in, and we do not expect to have a disclosable level of further investment in the second half of this year.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we haven't seen any change with the dealers. And there's been a further request for information. So this is still pending a review and, frankly, a clarification to the industry by the CFPB, but no change in behavior that we've noticed.
Stephen D. Steinour: The in-stores are outproducing sort of -- as a percentage of total branches, they're outproducing. They're driving about 30% of the checking account production now. This is what we envisioned. We saw them as an acquisition machine when we announced Giant Eagle initially, being able to create dialogue, create hopefully relationship as a consequence of the dialogue to the [indiscernible] activity that our colleagues engage in, plus the 7-day a week, 80 hours of convenience that we offer in that setting. It has proven to work well for us, and we remain bullish on it.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we've been -- the Meijer in-store relationship is still very, very early. It was just announced not even a year ago. And this year, we've got over 30 in-stores that are opening. We -- so we think we've got best product with Asterisk-Free Checking account. We've got unique feature with 24-Hour Grace. The Fair Play banking positioning is a big advantage, and we'll continue to invest in the products and the positioning to drive that growth. It's -- we have a denominator effect as we continue to have households in terms of the rate of growth. But we'll continue to add about 30,000 households a quarter, net to the base.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we're going to wait and let the CFPB's position become clear before we make a decision about which direction we're going to go, if any. We may in fact be well-positioned depending on their findings.
