Mark Muth: Thank you, Sherri. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com.This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call.Today’s presenters are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially.We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings.Let me now turn it over to Steve and he will start on Slide 3.
Mark Muth: We also do a lot of strengthen both here in Michigan – in Ohio and Michigan post-FirstMerit. So don't want to downplay that impact either.
Mark Muth: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. So the way we think about expense growth and what we're trying to accomplish is we understand the revenue environment that we're moving into. And once we get some confidence around a range of revenue expectations then we decide what we can do from an expense perspective including investment back into the franchise.So, well, I can't and won't give you any guidance around expense for 2020. We are targeting positive operating leverage as Steve mentioned in his comments. We're also looking to reinvest back in the franchise as I mentioned in my comments and Steve's comments.So the activity is underway and what we've done up to this point in time, give us a path to both of those objectives, making the right investments back into the franchise and achieving positive operating leverage.If we get ahead in 2020, it's more likely we're going to invest back in the franchise taking everything else into consideration, the revenue outlook obviously where the economy is and where we think its heading and what we think our performance is going to be in those scenarios. But we've got some investments underway that we think are differentiating and important and we're going to continue to make those investments.
Rich Pohle: Thanks Mac. Slide 14 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter which remains strong. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntington's core principles and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite.We booked loan loss provision expense of $82 million in the third quarter and net charge-offs of $73 million. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 39 basis points of average loans and leases in the current quarter, up from 25 basis points in the prior quarter and up from 16 basis points in the year ago quarter. The increase was centered on two specific energy credit relationships which made up nearly three-fourth of the total commercial net charge-offs.These relationships were upstream companies operating in the same reserve basin. One of the credits was moved to held-for-sale, which accounts for the increase in other NPAs for the quarter. We expect the sale to close in the next couple of weeks. The loss exposure in these two credits was completely recognized in the third quarter.We have a relatively small energy portfolio representing less than 2% of total loans. Consumer charge-offs have remained consistent over the past year. There is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package and the slides. The allowance for loan and lease losses or ALLL, as a percentage of loans remained relatively stable at 1.05%, up two basis points linked-quarter. The nonperforming asset ratio increased three basis points linked-quarter and nine basis points year-over-year to 0.64%. The year-over-year increases was centered in the C&I portfolio and other NPAs, partially offset by decreases in the residential mortgage, commercial real estate and home equity portfolios.Note that these metrics include the results from the most recent shared national credit exam. The increase in commercial delinquencies this quarter as seen in the appendix on Slide 54 was related to a leasing system conversion, not underlying credit deterioration. Overall, asset quality metrics remain near cyclical lows. And as we have noted previously, some quarterly volatility is expected given the absolute low level of problem loans.Let me turn it back over to Mac.
Rich Pohle: No, I mean, the energy represented a significant amount of the charge-offs for the quarter. If you were to exclude the energy losses, which you can't do, but the rest of the book on the commercial side, the charge offs were pretty de minimis.
Rich Pohle: This is Rich. Like I said, the charge-offs in this quarter were really isolated to the energy book. The balance of the portfolio, we believe is performing well and we have expectations that it will continue to perform well. So if you're trying to, are you trying to tie that into the CECL estimate or …
Rich Pohle: And to be clear Brock, we're not making a call on a recession, we don't see it. I think we reiterated that twice in the prepared comments. So this is a 1.5% which, you roll the clock back six years ago would have been a reasonably good year. So we're just coming off of 3.5% and it's a percent GDP growth. So we think this we could be, we could be running at this level for a while.
Mac McCullough: Thank you, Rich. Slide 15 illustrates our updated expectations for full year 2019. We expect full year average loan growth of approximately 4% with continued growth in our consumer business, including home lending and auto finance. We expect more measured commercial loan growth consistent with recent economic data.Full year average deposit growth is expected to be approximately 3% as we remain focused on acquiring core checking accounts and deepening customer relationships. A number of you have asked for us to provide guidance on net interest income as opposed to NIM, which we are now providing on the slide.We expect full year fully taxable equivalent net interest income growth of approximately 1% for 2019. This is consistent with a full year 2019 margin guidance we provided at the Barclays conference and includes the impact from purchase accounting and the cost of our hedging strategy.Also, as I mentioned at the Barclays conference, we remain comfortable with current Street consensus expectation for full year 2020 NIM of 3.21%. We expect full year noninterest income growth of 9% to 12% on a GAAP basis. As we have told you previously and are demonstrating with our actions, we've remained committed to delivering annual positive operating leverage. Full year noninterest expenses are expected to increase 2% to 2.5%.This includes approximately net $15 million to $20 million of unusual expense resulting from the previously mentioned expense actions we are taking in the fourth quarter. As we have done in the past, we are also evaluating our branches and other real estate. We anticipate that full year 2019 net charge-offs will remain below or average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Our expectation for the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year is in the 15.5% to 16.5% range.So with that Sherri, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks, Erika. We're not going to give 2020 guidance until later this year at a conference in December. But happy to answer your questions around resi growth and how we're thinking about going forward. We will be cautious with resi growth on the balance sheet. I mean, obviously we have a number of our customers who have the need for that product. A number of the balances that we've been putting on in 2019 have been private plan relationship that we have a deep relationship with and that's how we're thinking about mortgage product going forward.Just given some of the changes in CECL work, we're looking for that to be more of a relationship product from a relationship pricing perspective. But still like the asset class but that might be the one change that we think about going forward.
Mac McCullough: Clearly, the net interest income growth in 2020 will be driven by earning asset growth. We are seeing growth switch from the commercial categories to the consumer categories in the fourth quarter. We will likely continue to be more aggressive of consumer lending in 2020 as we like the dynamics of those portfolios, if you think about some of the fixed rate nature of the portfolios as well as the credit quality. We continue to super-prime consumer portfolio, so that's one change, just given some of the comments we made about the outlook for commercial lending and what we're seeing now that you could expect to see in 2020.
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Ken. So the opportunities we have with the CD book that’s repricing and some of the money market specials that are also coming up for re-evaluation. I mean, it actually presents a really nice opportunity for us. I think Slide 9 actually has the mix of what's repricing from a deposit perspective and you can see that we're actually entering into some of the bigger balance changes in the fourth quarter into the first quarter of 2020.As I mentioned in my opening comments, we've seen really good execution against being able to reprice those deposits. I would say, it's ahead of our expectations. We are seeing some of the CDs move into money market, because of just some late specials that we have in the money market space. But we still like that activity as it retains those deposits and allows us to reprice lower.The one good trend that continues to play out well for us is the continued growth in noninterest-bearing on the consumer side, still really good activity there. And we don't see that slowing down. So, all in all, I think the timing of when we put some of these deposits on our books in 2018 and the opportunity as we see the declining rate environment is what really gives us some confidence as we move into the fourth quarter with our ability to reprice these deposits and help to stabilize the NIM.
Mac McCullough: Yes, good point. So the $725 million that we sold with Wisconsin those were our core deposits as Steve called out the DDA portion. So our performance needs to take into consideration that $725 million that we sold as a part of the Wisconsin branch sale.
Mac McCullough: Yes, that's absolutely correct, Jon. I mean, we continue to see good mortgage origination volume and the favorable spreads are holding up nicely. So we don't know exactly how strong the quarter is going to be, but we do think there could be some upside there. And that's why we gave it.
Mac McCullough: Well, it is broadly across the franchise, but I do think some of the changes that we made in Chicago and particular as we acquired FirstMerit and built out the mortgage origination capabilities in the Chicago market, a lot of the growth has been coming out of Chicago since FirstMerit.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Brian, this is Mac. So we do believe that we have expense flexibility and I think we've proven that as we move through what's important with the economy and the interest rate outlook. We still have some flexibility. We go through the process every year of taking a look at just different levels of productivity improvements that we put in place before the year ends, so that we know where we're going to go in case we have to think through some changes in the environments and how we want to manage things like operating leverage or EPS or investment back into the franchise.So it's important that as we think about what opportunities we have on the expense side in 2020, as we manage for positive operating leverage. We're also investing back into the franchise. And I think that's really important for us to recognize in terms of the activities that we're going through and some of the important investments that Steve has spoken to that we're going to continue to make in 2020.So confident that we've got flexibility, in addition to what we've already done. But we're going to be careful about the overall health of the franchise and we're going to continue to make those important investments that we think will drive the top line and our competitive position going forward.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So in this environment and just based upon feedback we've gotten from analysts and investors, we did make the switch over to net interest income in terms of providing guidance in this quarter. Obviously, with some of the volatility in the marketplace as well as some of the actions that we can take to drive net interest income that will have an impact on NIM, that might necessarily tell the whole story by us just giving you the NIM guidance.Yes. So to your point, Scott, you alluded to the levers that we have in terms of how we think about driving net interest income and that would be things like the securities portfolio, optimization of the balance sheet. There are many players that we've run over the years that we still have in our pocket that we can take a look at and those actions have an impact on NIM obviously.So going forward, we're managing net interest income and we're managing the revenue profile of the company. NIM is a bit of an output from that as we move through what is increasingly more volatile period. But we think that gives you the best information you need to understand where we think the organization is going.
Mac McCullough: Yes, I mean the quick class number is up. It's not at a level that, we haven’t operated at before, we've been back at this level in the 2016, 2017 timeframe. The current quarter does have some energy impacts in there as well. As it relates to the NPAs, we did move the one deal into held-for-sale and then we had a couple of additional NPAs added, one in energy and then one, a couple of others outside of energy more on the C&I side.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Matt. So the good news here is that I can't really call it anything unusual that's driving the growth, other than just good execution and organic growth. When you take a look at deposit service charges, we are seeing growth in consumer because we continue to add new households to the organization.Commercial is probably being driven by treasury management to a large degree and some of the new products and services that we've implemented. In particular, we've added some new capabilities in the business banking, our small business side, that have had a nice lift and kind of a pipeline for treasury management revenue as well as close one referrals.So that is a very, very nice developing trend that we think is going to continue into 2020. And payment processing, I would just tell you that's a good core organic growth in terms of new customers coming into the bank, new card, debit and credit opportunities, And it's just basically the growth of our customers organically.Capital Markets is another item to call out, which again we continue to see really, really good growth, good execution. We continue to add up the products out there. We bought the broker dealer, municipal broker dealer last year and that has really been very complementary to our Capital Markets business. We've been able to leverage that acquisition into some of our other capabilities and business lines to actually see additional growth coming out of that opportunity.So we've got some good performance in fee products in 2019. I think there are some good reasons to believe that's going to continue in 2020.
Mac McCullough: Yes, I wouldn't think that earnings credit is going to be a big addition to that line going forward in 2020. I mean we manage earnings credit pretty tightly. But I don't think that's going to be a big driver.
Mac McCullough: So Steve, we're not going to give that level of guidance at this point in time. We'll disclose those stats, obviously in the future, but I'm not going to disclose them here.
Mac McCullough: Yes, it's great, great question, Dave. So we have a assumption of three rate cuts, October, January and September.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Marty. It's a great, great question. So we're up about $1 billion year-over-year in tangible common equity. About 75% of it is OCI related to the securities portfolio and other pension, things like that. So that is the primary driver of the improvement in TCE.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Marty. It's obviously been a pretty volatile environment. Then I would say it's a little of both in terms of the two suspects you threw out there. But volatility has been pretty, pretty high as you, as you know, but I think the team has done a great job of making sure that we are hedged appropriately and some of that volatility is going to mean that you are over hedged, under hedged at any point of time.But it's obviously something we look at very carefully, spend a lot of time with and I think we've done a good job.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So I think it's important to differentiate the slowing with the credit discussion. We talked about energy be less than 2% of our loan portfolio and that really is where the problems have been centered. Outside of that, we really don't see anything of concern as we take a look at the portfolios on the outlooks.So it's different, I think a different, different discussion on what we see in the economy and what we hear from our customers and a little bit of caution around some of the feedback we're getting in, some of what we're seeing take place on the ground. But that's how I would think about the credit question versus what we see it and from a growth perspective.
Mac McCullough: And to your earlier point Brock, I mean, look, we're not going to put question of assets on the balance sheet at this point of the cycle. So we've been consistent in talking about the discipline of our underwriting process. I think we're even more cautious in environments like this based on what we're hearing from our customers. So we put a note of caution out there and we've talked about the pipeline still being higher than they were at this time last year, but we're just reflecting what we hear from our customers and letting you know what we're thinking.
Mac McCullough: Peter, it's going to depend on balance sheet growth from here and outlook for 2020. We are committed to getting our capital levels back to the pre-CECL levels by the end of 2020 which could mean that we curtail the 2019 share repurchase authorization a bit but it's all going to come down to a balance sheet growth and what it's going to take you back to those levels at the end of 2020.
Steve Steinour: I think the sale of Wisconsin was little over $100 million of DDA as well, so the year-over-year numbers even more impressive.
Steve Steinour: Right. In the commercial context, there are a lot of avenues for financing in addition to banking. Historically, it would have said reduced bank lending would naturally translate into slower economic growth, but you do have many other options out there today for different levels of commercial customers.I think what we're trying to suggest is that the combination of factors that have occurred somewhat more in the late first half and certainly the second half of the year have compounded the outlook a bit. So whether it's global slowdown, trade and tariffs, we have a big manufacturing sector and an export sector here in the Midwest states we're in.Just as we mentioned in the last call, we're almost talking ourselves into this. So I think a number of factors are contributing to a slowdown and we still see it as a slowdown. Many of our customers continue to suggest their number one issue is they can get qualified employees. And so this is a labor constrained recovery that has lost a little steam but we think it continues.
Steve Steinour: Well, I want to imply a cautiousness. The economy has slowed significantly year-over-year. We were running around 3.5% to 1.5% most recently. We've done 6% year-over-year commercial growth, and I think we need to be a little more cautious. We're just trying to flag that for you in line with the outlook that we're hearing from our customers. We expect to be able to grow commercial next year and at the same time, we will grow the consumer side as well.
Steve Steinour: We're total at this point, Steven we, again, I think there is an element of we're talking ourselves into something but certainly for these manufacturers, the trade tariff issues are real, for some of them.
Steve Steinour: So, I'm pleased with our solid results through the first three quarters of 2019, particularly given the significant movement in the yield curve and the amount of market volatility we've witnessed. I remain confident about our prospects for the remainder of the year in 2020 as we manage through what we expect to be a challenging environment.Our top priorities are executing our strategic plan and thoughtfully investing in our businesses for continued prudent organic growth while delivering the annual positive operating leverage. We're building long-term shareholder value by focusing on customers and top quartile financial performance with consistently disciplined risk management.And finally, we always like to end with a reminder to our shareholders that there is a high level of alignment between the Board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively at top 10 shareholder of Huntington and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance.So with that, thank you for your interest in Huntington. Mac many thanks to you, and congratulations. We appreciate all of you joining us today. Have a great day.
