Steve Steinour: Thanks, Mark, and good morning everyone. Slide 3 provides an overview of Huntington’s strategy to build the leading People-First, Digitally-Powered bank in the nation. Our 2020 results demonstrate we are driving revenue growth despite headwinds. We are focused on acquiring new customers and deepening those relationships to gain both market share and share of wallet.  We are investing in customer-centric products, services and digital technologies that will drive sustainable growth and the outperformance both today and for years to come. Huntington operates in intentionally diversified business models, balanced between commercial and consumer, which provides the good mix of revenue and credit exposure. We’ve built competitive advantage with our consistently superior customer service and our differentiated products and services. We are committed to developing best-in-class digital capabilities like our mobile banking App, which has been recognized as the highest in customer satisfaction by J.D. Power two years in a row.  In 2020, we introduced several new innovative products and features that will continue to serve our customers' needs and differentiating Huntington from our competition. We are not done. We have a pipeline of innovative products and features that we will release throughout the year. We have a proven track record of solid execution, adjusting our operating plans to the environment in order to drive shareholder returns. 
Steve Steinour: Yes. Sure. Ken, this is Steve. I’ll update that. So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we use the November base case as the kind of the driver. But we use multiple scenarios and I think if you look at these base case assumptions, the November base case assumptions, going back to 12/31 where we snapped the chalk here, a number of them were in doubt and some of them are still in doubt today as it relates to the – on the stimulus, the COVID assumptions that are built into that.  And so, as we look at not only with the economic forecast we are saying, but some of those more qualitative and subjective assessments that we make as part of our process most COVID-related. We didn’t feel that there is enough certainty in those forecast to rely solely on those.  And so, there was a fair amount of qualitative judgment that we’ve put into the process like we do every quarter to land the 220. The stimulus is still up in the air. All those other types of things we just thought it was premature to have a significant release.  Keep in mind too that we also have loan growth in the fourth quarter. So, about $10 million of our provision expense was driven by loan growth. 
Steve Steinour: Ken, this is Steve. We’ve been loved served by the in-store branches in the past and you’ll remember we went into those almost a decade. But last week, we announced – last week we filed our Federal Reserve and OCC applications, so it’s Monday, a week ago. And in those apps, we announced the consolidation of branches and we have a very large in-store partnership with Myer and Giant Eagle. But as a result of the consolidation – the combination with first – with TCF in Michigan, we’ve been in a position where we are going to be consolidating 198 branches. So very substantially in Michigan. And that will allow us to cycle out of the in-store which we’ve explained to the company. Just excess distribution in Michigan as a consequence of the combination. So, we are adjusting that partnership. There are other things we will look forward to doing with that and so, a few ideas on the drawing board as well.  With Giant Eagle, we have consolidated a number of branches over the last year. And there is the potential to further consolidate around in-store to traditional as we go forward. We do think that we could all served by the nation, the economics around the in-store branches.  But there is plenty enough distribution as we move forward. And as we’ve seen them last year with the pandemic, more and more home goods delivered including groceries. And so, store traffic, volumes were up and revenues were up. Traffic is down and preference for doing banking activities in the in-stores is changing a bit.  Now, having said that, we see very, very strong performance in the TCF in-stores, which are in even denser metropolitan areas than we have with our two partners. So we are – we like the – we are committed to going forward to Giant Eagle for the next several years. And then we’ll assess the TCF partners as we go forward. But again, they are roughly 2.5, 3 times the average size of Huntington store branches. They’ve been having a very long time. They have – there further along with us. 
Steve Steinour: Rich, if you don’t mind, I’ll add to that Scott. Year end delinquency is better than a year ago, pre-COVID on the commercial side the multiple quarters now of lower NPAs, lower quit class, the economic outlook. There are combination of factors and I think the oil and gas component of our charge-offs last year were mid-teens, like 16, 17 BPS, basis points or BPS.  So, that’s eliminated. We don’t expect to have oil and gas charge-offs. And then the high risk industries continued to look good. We obviously spend a lot of time on those every quarter. So, at various times during the quarter, especially as we get to quarter end, there is a lot of deeper review that’s triggered and it frankly looks good. 
Steve Steinour: Erika, I don’t believe the losses are materially delayed in our case. I can’t answer for other institutions. But it seems to me that the proactive efforts by the Federal Reserve and be it fiscal - multiple rounds of fiscal stimulus, then substantial losses have been likely avoided as support has been delivered to consumers and small business and the interest rate levels at historic lows have helped businesses generally.  So, I think, yes, we will show very strong actions mitigated what otherwise could have been a ugly period in our economic history. If we think back to the second quarter and the free fall in GDP to be able to have substantially reverse that in just a couple of quarters that’s remarkable unlike anything we’ve seen in our history.  And I think that flows then through the system with lower losses over time. I think we’ve been conservative, maybe very conservative in our loss recognition thus far. But we’ve tried to maintain that to the posture as you saw with how we approach provision in the fourth quarter just to let this season and get to a high level of confidence before we do things with the lowering reserves and some of our things like that. But I am very optimistic and confident that we have our losses peaked in 2020. 
Steve Steinour: Well, that is not the intended approach. We have to call the reserves as we’ve seen. We have multiple economic scenarios in a peak second round – I hope a peak second round of virus as of yearend. That is a possible scenario, but that’s not a planned scenario. Revert to what Zach said a minute ago, the court census are virtually flat in 2021 versus 2020, the increases are discretionary investment decisions made as a consequence of the strategic planning of the posture we want to take principally around our digital technology. So, we believe we have a momentum in the business.  We were one of the few banks that talked about commercial loan growth and our pipeline year-over-year is better in a COVID environment – that was in a pre-COVID environment. So, like what we’ve been able to build operating the company through this very challenging period of time in terms of momentum and focus and execution and we are going to continue to play that against the backdrop of consumer and business demands changing radically as a consequence of digital and the need for digital throughout the pandemic.  And again, I think usage is being defined by others by Amazon and Apple and others. And so, those expectations are, I believe that the reality for our industry and certainly our company and we are going to invest to meet those, in fact get ahead of them. 
Steve Steinour: Peter, I’ll take that and let me start. I think that is a fit for us with an answer to the question I had last time. So, with apologies for that. But picking up on TCF, we haven’t talked a lot about revenue synergies. But they are clearly there. We have a much broader product menu on both the consumer and business side.  So the capacity of the cross-sell and people, much like we saw with FirstMerit is very substantial. And it’s hard to take that and it’s certainly not something you guys want to hear. So we haven’t front run that with you. But that we’ve been definitely. We’ve been very impressed with the quality of the teams that we’ve seen in a variety of the areas in TCF, both business line and technologies on the supporting in this for example.  And so, I think we will be a stronger company by the blend, as well and that will have upside. Then finally, they do some things extraordinarily well. Their equipment finance business. Their inventory finance business, these are little gems and they are not widely known or appreciated but we really like what we saw in the diligence and have learned subsequently. And those are just a few of the businesses and opportunities.  There is a substantial outsourcing as well both on the capital market side for most products and again, it’s a much more limited menu that we offer as well as their broker/dealer, their credit card and some variety of businesses that we will bring back in fairly quickly as we move forward. So, there is the 40% excess and we just articulated a 43% branch consolidation.  So you can see where that’s coming from. It will be their systems on ours a 100%. So, we’ve got a lot of early on very, very good work that’s getting bullish on the expense side, but the play here is a revenue play. Yet new markets – exciting new markets, Minneapolis, St. Paul, Denver, Colorado Springs, more than tripling us in Chicago, opening in Milwaukee and in Soltan Valley.  I mean, there is a lot to go for plus the scale change in Michigan will be awarded to and virtually everything in Michigan. So, we really like the resident side of this and you’ll see that reflected in 2022 and beyond as we get set. 
Steve Steinour: This is typical seasonality of new modeling adoption and so, as we look back we see essentially the same ratios year-over-year. Albeit this year, a bit constrained by just inventory. So, that, you are right. The OEMs will subvent and that’s why we tend to have slightly more used than new as that’s sort of a normalized runrate.  As you know, we’ve been very, very disciplined for many, many years in this area. And so the performance of the book has been very consistent and would expect that to continue to be so. It's our best performing asset class year in, year out on DFAST as an example.  So we really like our positioning with the product, with the dealers. The consistency and speed at which we offer, we think we've got a best-in-class capability. It was clearly one of our most seasoned teams in the bay managing this area. And so I don't see a big change going on. There are times when the OEMs will subvent more to try and drive more volume. And history would tell us these things come in waves.
Steve Steinour: We sent the reversion to the norm if the supply chain issue at this point. For example, you would have seen Audi’s manufacturing interrupted by just a chip last week in terms of production. So this will come back, we believe probably at this point by the – in the second half, as opposed to earlier and some of the imports, and particular your feeling constrained on the supply side.  You got to see more and more manufacturing come back into the U.S. or a pick up on Mexico, Canada, as a result of wanting to narrow the supply chain lines as a consequence of what’s happened over the last year. And that’s a benefit to us. 
Steve Steinour: The industry outlook on that, Jon, is for continued high purchase levels for the next couple of years. And we are positioned for that very, very well. As you know, that’s an 800 FICO for us. So, we worried a bit about oversupply in the intermediate term, but the positioning of our book, I think will very, very substantially mitigate what could be in three to five years of the next asset.  So I think we are playing it very, very well and we’ll have consistency of performance with 800 plus average FICOs for the foreseeable future and I think that’s what you are getting to this supply/demand potential imbalances. We come back out of COVID, but that could exist right now there is virtually a very little on marine lots as of the end of the third quarter building again.  But demand could outstrip supply as it did in 2020. And to a certain extent they have it with RV as well. So, I think there is a very good couple of years and where we are playing, I believe is very safe for the long-term and possible. 
Steve Steinour: Thank you for the questions and your interest in Huntington. Certainly proud of our colleagues and the 2020 performance in light of the most challenging operating environment I faced in my career. But I hope we’ve conveyed to you how excited we are about the opportunities we see ahead in 2021 and beyond. So we are entering 2021 from a position of strength.  We had momentum. The disciplined execution of our strategies, coupled with the pending acquisition sets us to capitalize on emerging opportunities to innovate, to gain share, to reposition the company for growth for years to come, all while continuing to deliver top quartile financial performance. We approach this with a strong foundation of enterprise risk management as you know including the deeply embedded stock ownership mentality, which aligns our Board, management and colleagues. So, again, thank you for your support and interest. Have a great day. 
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve and good morning everyone. Slides 4 and 5 provides the financial highlights for the full year 2020 and the fourth quarter respectively. For the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per common share of $0.27. Return on average assets was 1.04% and return on average tangible common equity was 13.3%. Results continue to be impacted by the elevated level of credit provision expense, although it was down meaningfully from the third quarter.  Now let's turn to Slide 6 to review our results in a little more detail. Annual pre-tax pre-provision earnings growth was 4% for 2020. We believe this is a very solid performance in light of the low interest rate environment and the economic challenges inflicted by the pandemic illustrating the underlying earnings power of the bank and the strategies we are executing. 
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Rich. Before we get to expectations, I want to spend a minute on our ongoing technology investments and progress on digital engagement. Looking at slide 16 and 17, you can a few select illustrations of our continued progress on digital capabilities.  In 2020, for example, we significantly expanded our new product origination capabilities to mortgage, home equity, business checking and savings and small business lending. You can also see continued growth in digital engagement and usage levels in consumer and business banking. As we've noted, we're investing in clearly defined digital development roadmaps across all our major business lines that will help us drive momentum, delivering differentiated products and features that will drive new customer acquisition, relationship deepening with existing customers and servicing efficiencies, both internally and for our customers. Finally, before we get to your questions, let's discuss Huntington’s expectations for the full year 2021 on a stand-alone basis excluding TCF as shown on Slide 18.  Looking at the average balance sheet for the full-year 2021, we expect average loans to increase between 2% and 4% reflecting modestly higher commercial loans inclusive of PPP and mid single-digit growth in consumer loans.  Excluding PPP, we would expect to see mid-single-digit growth in both categories. As the economy -- economic recovery progresses we expect continued acceleration of loan growth over the course of the year. With respect to deposits, we expect average balance sheet growth of 5% to 7% due to the elevated levels of commercial and consumer core deposits, which we expect to persist for several more quarters. Compared to the fourth quarter average balances, we expect modest deposit growth, primarily among consumers during the first half of the year before stabilizing in the second half. We expect to post full-year total revenue growth of approximately 1% to 3% and full-year total expense growth of 3% to 5%. With respect to revenues, we expect net interest income to be flat to modestly higher, driven by average earning asset growth and a relatively stable NIM compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 level. This guidance assumes the positive impact from the acceleration of PPP fees in the first half of the year before settling back down in the second half.  However, non-interest income is expected to be flat to modestly lower due to the challenging mortgage banking comparisons, partially offset by continued growth in capital markets, cards and payments and our wealth and investment management business lines. The current economic outlook presents compelling opportunities to invest in our businesses to meaningfully gain share and accelerate growth over the moderate term and we intend to capitalize on that. Expense growth in 2021 is expected to be driven by our ongoing strategic investments in digital and technology development, marketing and select personnel adds directly related to our strategic initiatives. The remaining underlying run rate of non-investment expenses is essentially flat.  The investments we're making are heavily front-end loaded, resulting in notably higher year-over-year expense growth rates in the first half of the year. While expense growth is expected to outstrip revenue growth over the near term, our commitment around positive operating leverage remains over the long term. Our expectation is to bring the expense run rate to a level that is lower than the growth rate of revenue during the second half of 2021. Finally, our credit remains fundamentally sound. We expect full-year 2021 net charge-offs to be around the middle of our average through the cycle target range of 35 basis points to 55 basis points, with potential for some moderate quarterly volatility. Reserve releases remain dependent upon economic recovery and related credit performance. As a reminder, all expectations are stand-alone for Huntington and do not include consideration made for the recently announced acquisition of TCF. Now, let me turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions.
Zach Wasserman: Hi, this is Zach. I’ll take that question. Look, I think that the margin outlook is to be relatively stable here over the next several quarters and through the course of 2021, I do expect some calenderization whereby the first half of the year will be moderately higher than the second half given PPP loan acceleration expected from the first round of PPP or second by the way about 85% of those PPP loans from round one to be forgiven approximately half and half between Q1 and Q2. And so, that will drive some incremental net interest margin in the first couple of quarters. But generally, relatively flat over the period. 
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question. I’ll take that again. This is Zach. So, in Q4, I’ve mentioned in my script, we brought the stressed portfolio back up to Q1 levels from endpoint-to-endpoint, Q3 to Q4 to give you a sense was about $2 billion of additional securities on a net basis. And the average yield we were getting on that was 125, to give you a sense.  Portfolio was running at 187. So, but still pretty solid yield. And the mix pretty similar to what we have invested in the past, mainly mortgage-backed. As we go into 2021, one important thing that I also said in my prepared remarks that I would highlight now is that we are intending to invest an additional $2 billion, mostly in the first quarter to bring the overall securities portfolio up to $24 billion as a result of discontinuing to monitor and wash the excess liquidity levels unlike the balance sheet.  Likewise, those purchases are expected to be in the mortgage-backed securities structures, most notably with a range of yields that we are forecasting sort of between 120, 130. So pretty similar. As we go forward, we are watching pretty closely a new round of stimulus and certainly the latest round of PPP, which could cause us to increase that goal. Over time, we’ll have to see where those ends. But that’s kind of where we are running with those.  I’ll pause for a second and then move on to the other elements – other aspects of your question you asked in terms what assets we are looking at. Just think it’s back on our balance sheet optimization program. We are very positive in it. We are already starting to see the traction of an in-split.  About half and half from funding optimization and the asset growth mix optimization and when you think about the asset growth, mix optimization is really focused on higher yielding products like small business administration, production where whereas you know the nation’s leading producer. And also commercial categories like equipment finance, asset-based lending, those are really the biggest focus areas that I would call out for you as a headline. 
Zach Wasserman: I think it will be kind of more of the same of what we’ve talked about before, which is leveraging the really strong liquidity and deposit gathering we’ve got to reduce over time the overall wholesale and corporate debt levels. And you saw us distinguish $500 million of debt in our tender that we did in Q4. I think just kind of the opportunity to continue to leverage more core deposits just to fund the company frankly over the course of this year.  This question of elevated liquidity, how long it will stay is, just sort of $64,000 question. But we are fairly convinced it’s going to stay for a while and it will likely go up frankly in the near term given some of the new things that are coming through. So there is a real opportunity there.  And behind the scenes, our accounts acquisitions are deepening and deposit gathering on the core basis is accelerating as well. So, I think as we get it through this year, that would just continue to be an opportunity well out into 2022 and beyond. 
Zach Wasserman: Absolutely. I mentioned in my prepared remarks - this is Zach, as I mentioned in my remarks and I want to stretch again essentially the entirety of that growth is driven by our investments and our strategic plan and if you think about this three broad categories, it’s approximately 60% technology developments, around 20% marketing, and around 20% select personnel that are tied to our strategic growth initiatives.  So it really is all about investment. In the tech side, we are just continuing to lean in on digital and as I mentioned in my remarks, digital development roadmaps cross every one of our business – major business lines to drive product origination, account deepening and sort of ease of use and sort of I think efficiencies and personalization and optimization across each product lines.  So we’re incredibly bullish about that. The investments themselves, the expenses are front-end loaded during the year. So we’ll see substantially higher levels of growth in the first half of the year and then ramping down pretty significantly in the back half of the year such that by the kind of runrate expense growth will be lower than the growth rate of revenue in the second half.  But I’d just summarize, what we feel it now is exactly the right time to make these investments and we are already starting to see some of the returns from them. So, we feel good about it and the trajectory and composition of it. 
Zach Wasserman: It’s almost a tale of two worlds, let’s see. In that regard, we have many customers that are very liquid. You see it in the commercial line utilizations with us and the industry as a whole. There are some – however there are significantly investing to rebuild the inventory were frankly has not had the fundamental performance.  For whatever reasons it could be COVID-related. They just didn’t have a good year. I do think the stimulus will – that has been provided, plus the proposal on it is enacted will further delay sort of the rebound to the norm in terms of line utilizations. But that will be a big tailwind for us and others eventually.  We do see supply chain disruption also impacting utilization. It’s very clear happening in the dealer who will transact. For example, notwithstanding it, it improved a bit in the fourth quarter. It’s not where it’s not normalized and it will probably be several quarters from where it becomes normalized.  So all of that is to say that, if there is a tailwind building for the industry and we may see it in the second half of this year which is I think consistent with how many banks are stressing both GDP growth and optimism, as well as the potential for utilization. There is a lot of investment activity that’s going on. They are using their cash, but at some point that will revert to a more traditional level of external financing, debt financing, as well. So, we are moving market share a bit with the growth that we are achieving through the fourth quarter and projecting and we are optimistic given the pipelines will continue to do that. But at some point, we’ll have substantial tailwinds as well. 
Zach Wasserman: It is and it’s excess, particularly on the digital side, and if you think about how consumers and businesses are being trained via Apple or Amazon in terms of digital usage availability, ease capacity to accelerate transactional activity, all of that is going to impact our industry. And therefore, we’ve accelerated our existing digital plans substantially to try and continue to get, stay in front, get in front and maintain that J.D. Power leading position that we’ve had for a couple of years. 
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks, Erika. Good question. I mentioned in my previous comments that it’s the new sort of the $64,000 question frankly in terms of how long elevated deposits will allow. But generally what we are expecting is a relatively flat trend in our deposits at the Fed for the first half of the year, to give you a sense in Q4, it was around $5 billion and we expect to sort of retain that rough level through the first half of the year.  And then, kind of absent the new stimulus, and absent the new PPP, our operating outlook have been sort of a gradual reduction in that towards the back half of the year. But not that substantial, maybe down to $3 billion by the end of the year in terms of billion. I think, with that being said, we’ll see a new stimulus of coming through on the fiscal side and likely if that does happen, we’ll see that’d be elevated even more and it could – as I mentioned, give an opportunity to invest more in securities.  And likewise, PPP, the next round of PPP is just now kicking off. We are not sure exactly where it’s going to land. We’ll see. For my guidance, I’ve assumed around $1 billion. But I am hopeful and it’s quite likely that we are potentially up to double that, we’ll see.  In terms of the PPP forgiveness of the first round, I think I mentioned, and pretty hard that we’ll just restated for clarity, we are assuming 85% of the $6 billion that we have on sheet in Q4 to be forgiven in the first half of the year. 
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I think, looking by notes here, maybe we can follow more on the online call too. Look, think about four basis points of benefit on a full year basis in the NIM from the PPP program in 2021, to give you a sense. 
Zach Wasserman: The auto industry was – like a $16 million, $16.2 million production in 2020 and the outlook is close to the $17 million going forward for 2021. So that would be part of it. There is also a market share component that will be – I think, just because of our consistency and track record, it will continue to move and you have to maintain the spreads that we are looking for as well as credit quality.  We are also opening up or planning to open up in a few additional states in 2021 that will also supplement our production. So, we are confident and our team has been outstanding in this area for many, many years. We are confident in our ability to execute that. But we also – I think we are number five or six nationally in terms of home equity originations.  So that’s just mortgage. So, we are not dependent wholly on mortgage refis. We have a lot of broad based home lending capabilities and investments in technology is a area as well which will continue to drive more volume. We have a substantial application of blend for example, well that has been ramped up very quickly and will be an important – a very important add for us as we go forward. I think we’ve taken about ten days off at the close as a result of using that as an example. 
Zach Wasserman: Absolutely. This is Zach. I’ll take that one. So, mortgage banking, we said coming off and it’s just an incredible year in 2020. To give you a sense, the industry, mortgage banking association is forecasting volumes in 2020 down about 23% with the shift toward purchase not surprisingly with refis being very substantially lower.  We are not giving gaining share on add volumes over the last couple of years and we expect to continue to do so. So it’s our general expectation for at volume is sort of down in the 10% to 15% range relative to that 20% or more down as an industry level. I think one of the things we are watching pretty closely is also the saleable trend and where that trend is.  We frankly budgeted pretty conservatively on that assuming a relatively continual trend back to more historical levels by the end of the year. We will see, so far they are actually holding up some fairly solid in the first days of Q1 and we’ll see that those are – as you know. But generally, we’ve budgeted fairly conservatively. So, like mortgage banking income is going to be down year-on-year and so, as I mentioned, really bringing into the other fee income lines that are very smartly to this after. 
