Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. Brian, I think the spring analogy in a different rate environment may have some accuracy, but we're trying to provide a steady level of growth and we're conscious of the rate of investment in order to achieve that growth but intend to make what we think are prudent long-term investments as we continue.
Stephen D. Steinour: As you look at future periods, to answer your question, Andrea (sic) [Erika], it's likely to be more influenced by reserves to total loans as the charge-offs in NPA, NPL normalize.
Stephen D. Steinour: We are -- we remain in a posture where we're looking. There's -- so really no change. However, in terms of the sellers and we haven't -- and we don't expect necessarily anything to change. There doesn't seem to be any incremental regulatory activity or other things that may prompt to change the market here.
Stephen D. Steinour: We're also growing the commercial book at an annualized rate that's a nice multiple GDP. And so we're just trying to be cautious and prudent and make sure we're strong in -- for the foreseeable future.
Stephen D. Steinour: Just so you pick it up, it was at $600 million in the previous quarter, we identified another little plug of that.
Stephen D. Steinour: We're much -- we're very focused on moving that into a different digit other than a 4 and we expect to do that in the foreseeable future. So primary products, when you buy a checking account with us, you are typically going to get a debit card. We didn't mention this earlier, but we completed our debit card conversion to MasterCard. We ended up with more cards active, higher utilization, and so that is a partial offset. But as we're growing households at a 10-ish percentage level, virtually all of them are coming with an activated debit. In addition, we try and provide some kind of savings products, savings account, money market account, sweep the balance of their liquidity. And there's a meaningful percentage that also have some form of lending opportunity for us, home equity, mortgage, something that roughly balances part of the asset liability equation a bit. In addition to that, there is an emphasis on our part to do much more with mobile and electronic channels. And our 24-Hour Grace feature of our checking account, for example, provides mobile or text alert. So there's a propensity for consumers to opt into that, and then that sets up different economics as we then distribute statements in other alerts to customers prospectively.
Stephen D. Steinour: We would expect it to trough in '12 and -- we have a large core group of relationships that as they become more active or we open the spigot to allow further credit extensions, it will certainly -- will help with the amortization and other prepayment. And frankly, that's the profitable side of the equation where we're looking to build it back as we deplete the noncore side of the real estate. We are looking at becoming a bit more active in the REIT space as well. So it's principally the core customers, maybe a little supplementation with some REIT activity. That would be publicly-traded REIT.
Stephen D. Steinour: So we're grateful for your interest. We -- there are elements of opportunity that you've questioned us about. As we look back on 2011, a 10.1% ROA, an ROTE of 12.7%, substantial growth, record levels for us in households, in businesses, significant increased penetration on 4-plus products, growth in capital markets and some of the other key business lines for us, we feel we've made progress. We'll be working hard to continue that in 2012. Thanks for your interest.
Donald R. Kimble: I think that you're right, that it will depend on the market environment. But I'd say that when we did our last securitization transactions, rates had come down dramatically prior to that time period. So that would've influenced the gain a little bit, but it's not going to be markedly different than what we showed on a proportional basis.
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, as far as our guidance, we would say that generally, margin is fairly stable or within a fairly narrow range with where we are in the fourth quarter. I'd say the negative items there that you have, as far as the 11 basis points that while we are continuing to see some pressure on loan yield as the loans mature and are replaced, some of the other items that we had there as far as the hit from the investments, the liquidity and even some of the derivative impacts we've experienced over previous quarters are going to continue to be minimized compared to what we're showing here in the fourth quarter trend. And so we continue to believe the deposit rates and mix will continue to help offset those negatives or drag and allow us to maintain a fairly stable margin prospectively.
Donald R. Kimble: I don't think we're going to be dependent on just the rate environment. I think it's going to be continuing to show some positive operating leverage given the challenges we've had here as far as Reg E and Durbin and allowing some of that organic revenue growth to exceed the expense growth prospectively, and that will help drive that ROA up.
Donald R. Kimble: I think there are a lot of puts and takes and you've outlined most of those, Erika. And generally, that would bring it to more at the core level based on what you had talked about. Now there is seasonality in some of the trends. So as we go into the first quarter of next year, you would see the normal employer tax and other seasonal cost to hit us that would drive those expenses up. But as we've said before, from that base that you talked about, we would expect the core expenses to come down, but we will see the impact of investments resulting in a slight increase in expenses prospectively from that core base that you mentioned.
Donald R. Kimble: We saw a little bit less than expected customer activity on the consumer side, driving down charge-offs a little bit from our expectations. And the other thing that continues is that the commercial customer is usually -- is using those higher DDA balances that essentially pay for their transaction fees. So we're seeing pressure on the commercial service charge category as well.
Donald R. Kimble: I'd say that it's both from their perspective. And in the credit rates that they would have from those higher balances, it's still fairly nominal given the low rate environment, but they just don't have a lot of other options to use with that additional cash. So this is one way for them to manage their portfolio or liquidity position.
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't provided a whole lot of guidance there. What we have said is that we do believe that the regulators are sticking to their 30% kind of guidance for capital on cash dividend. We have said historically that even with a 30% payout, our capital ratios over time would continue to increase, and so we would have to evaluate other capital management actions. And so our first priority is to make sure that we maintain the appropriate common dividend for our shareholders but really haven't prioritized anything beyond that.
Donald R. Kimble: This is Don. I'll go ahead and answer that. With our guidance, particularly in the guidance for the increased net interest income and the fee income and joining the expense trends that we've provided, it would expect or we would expect to see positive trends as far as pretax preprovision in 2012 compared to '11.
Donald R. Kimble: It hasn't changed a lot. As far as the decline on period end balances that really related to some actions we're taking close to the end of the quarter that what we also did throughout the fourth quarter was to hold in our portfolio some of the 15-year fixed-rate production into our residential real estate portfolio, and that allowed us to essentially shift between those 2 different asset classes. So we do view our investment portfolio as a needed asset for us for both liquidity and for interest rate risk management. And we've continued to maintain the same type of discipline in keeping that duration of portfolio fairly short. It's right at 3 years or 3.1 years at the end of December, and that's more a reflection of the low rates to take it above the 3-year duration.
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't provided the individual line level. What we did say, as far as some of the equipment expense related to some of the transition cost that we have in connection with the consolidation of 29 branches, that the movement there prospectively is in line with just the general statement as far as expenses being slightly up, reflecting the continued investments.
Donald R. Kimble: We still believe there is additional opportunity there for us to continue to drive down that cost. But even with that improvement in linked quarter, we're still higher than our peers as far as our average cost of funds or our deposit base. We believe with our focus on our transaction balances that, that will continue to drive improvement in the mix and will continue throughout next year. And we still have some CD maturities that are well above rates as well. But over the next 3 quarters, we've got roughly $4 billion of CD maturities at an average cost of north of 170 basis points. So as those come through, we should have some opportunities for us to continue to enhance that margin benefit.
Donald R. Kimble: Generally, given that they are short term, they would -- we would expect to see some of those start to roll off over the next several quarters and haven't provided a whole lot of guidance beyond that.
Donald R. Kimble: We would expect that to decrease over the next several quarters. So they will create some challenges from quarter-to-quarter as far as the growth rates because of that impact.
Donald R. Kimble: We get there by having positive operating leverage going forward. We need to focus on making sure that we're getting the returns on the investments we've already made and allowing those revenues to grow at a faster pace than the expenses. But just this past quarter alone, the impact from Durbin to our efficiency ratio cost us about 140 basis points. So it's a big drag for us this past quarter. And so we just need to make sure that, that will allow us to continue to show the progress toward that mid-50s goal. But you're not going to see it in 2012 results, but we do want to show positive trends in that direction.
Donald R. Kimble: Scott, we continue to focus on areas where we can get additional efficiencies and that is a key area for all of our management team to make sure that we're driving going forward, but we also believe that we are going to be receiving benefits from the investments we're making. One example that continues onto 2012 is our in-store rollout with Giant Eagle. We've opened over 30 branches here in 2011, and we're to open a similar level plus in 2012. And so those investments do add to our expense base. And we've noted their longer-term focus and their investment returns for us, but we do believe that it positions the company more appropriate for future success. And so where appropriate, we'll continue to make those investments but at the same time, we're going to make sure that we're dialing down on other areas as far as the total expenses to be able to fund those types of other incremental investments for growth.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. In addition to the upfront game, we do have the annual servicing income associated with that portfolio as well. But the other thing to keep in mind, too, is that as we sold our first securitization structure, we sold the residual interest, and that represents about 3% of the total balances. The implied return on that 3% was right around 12%. So compare that with the roughly 9% capital that we're going to be able -- require to maintain on our balance sheet to support those assets if we keep them on the balance sheet and the kind of returns our shareholders are going to want to see, and so we think that there is a capital efficiency to this structure and program as well.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. So 2 things there, Erika. Obviously, on the commercial inflows, that is not seasonality. That's just kind of the choppiness of the market and as we look back over the last year, there's been some unevenness. But generally, the trends have been in the right direction. So even though inflows are elevated over what we would like to see, we still think they're going in the right direction and will continue to reduce. On the consumer side, when you really look at the trends and cut through all the numbers, it's really the residential that are off in the 90-day category and we've shown you the adjustment on the overall consumer for the securitization effect, and so the overall impact really is not as great as what it would appear. So really, I think we're doing fine in auto. Home equity's flat. But at residential, what we're really seeing is the effects of the market. There are borrower delays, the bankruptcy, filing process and the whole foreclosure timeline has been extended and that has resulted in the higher late stage delinquencies. So part of it is just seasonality, which we do see every year and will expect to see improvement in the first quarter there. But the whole timeline of the residential has been extended and that accounts for a piece of it. Now as I also mentioned, we have -- we write down to net realizable value at 150 days. So there is not additional large exposure in those numbers. And we are very much trying to manage the delinquencies on the front end. We have our collections group very active. We have our home savers group. We've established a single point of contact to make the process more efficient. So we're really tackling it on the front end. So in the big picture, we feel pretty good about where we stand and don't see any trends that are alarming. And I don't think it has anything to do with our geography, in particular, to answer your final question.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: We look at every one of those measurements every quarter. We will see a tightening in the spread between provision and charge-offs as we reached normalized levels. But every quarter, we're just going to do our typical analysis. We look at every portfolio. We look at the economic environment. We do have improving trends but we also, as we'd just talked about, have an increasing flow of NPAs and criticized loans over and above what we would normally see. So I think our coverage ratios will remain strong. But like the ACL to loans ratio, I would expect it to be on a slow ramp downwards for the balance of the year.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. I think, actually, we're -- of course, there is some pricing pressure but what we're -- I think we're holding our own there and I think what we're trying to be more focused. We have walked away from deals that have gotten too aggressive on the structuring end. And so -- by and large, pricing remains competitive, but we don't feel like we're losing significant business because of being undercut.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, there are -- we have seen some -- just we're not comfortable on some of the multiples that are being allowed on senior debt or total debt. We are seeing some more aggressive structures there and have elected just not to participate in those.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: I think that's an aspect of it. And obviously, we're keeping our eyes on the -- as we talked about, the NPA inflows and criticized. That is kind of a counterbalance. It makes us just remain cautious on that end. So we're trying to strike the right balance, and we do feel that portfolio is going to continue to improve in quality, but we've got our eye on some of the other metrics as well.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Well, we're encouraged by the fact that it's broad based. So we are seeing growth in our various geographic markets in the traditional middle market. As we mentioned earlier, we're also seeing strong growth in equipment finance and in the large corporate segment. And the one thing about the large corporate segment is that in 2011, of those new larger relationships that we added, 88% were cross sold. That's a big number for us. It's important. 75% of those loans were in our core 6 to 8 footprint. So we like where the growth is coming from. We think it's on strategy and it aligns very well with our OCR cross-sell initiatives.
