Steve Steinour: Thanks Mac. Our fair play banking philosophy, coupled with our optimal customer relationship or OCR continues to drive new customer growth and improve product penetration. This slide illustrates the continued upward trend in consumer checking account households. Over the last year, consumer checking account households grew by 140,000 households or 11%. Now the third quarter’s 18% linked quarter annualized growth rate includes 38,000 customers we acquired as part of the Bank of America transaction. Our strategy is not just about market share gains, but also gains in share of wallet. We continue to focus on increasing the number of products and services we provide to those customers knowing that this will translate into revenue growth. Our OCR cross-sell goal of six or more products and services improved to almost 49% this quarter, up more than 150 basis points from a year ago. Correspondingly, our consumer checking account household revenue is up over 9% year-over-year. We work to the impact of the changes we’ve made in our business banking checking products that impacted a number of lower balance accounts. Revenue grew just under 10% over the last year as the accounts that were closed had little impact on revenue, but did impact the optics of our commercial relationship portfolio. That’s on slide 18, turning to slide 19, and expectations for the fourth quarter. We continue to expect loan growth predominantly in auto and commercial lending, but as we discussed before, competition remains intense and that has lowered our pull-through rates. We are closely monitoring our NIM and remain focused on pricing discipline. Within auto, we are continuing to monitor the securitization markets and we’ll look to use it as a tool to manage our overall concentration. It’s unlikely we will be in the market during the fourth quarter, but we do expect two securitizations in 2015. We will continue to reinvest cash flows from investment securities into LCR-compliant, high-quality liquid assets. In addition, securities are likely to continue to modestly increase as we buy additional level one high quality liquid assets and a portion of the commercial team’s production is placed in the securities portfolio. The NIM is expected to remain under pressure, but we expect net interest income to grow as earning asset growth more than offsets the NIM compression. Non-interest income, excluding the net MSR impact is expected to remain near the third quarter’s level. We also expect adjusted non-interest expense; excluding significant items will remain near the current quarter’s adjusted level. Fourth quarter 2014 is expected to include approximately $10 million of significant items related to the already announced franchise repositioning activities. We will continue to look for ways to reduce expenses, while not impacting our previously announced growth strategies or our high level of customer service. On the credit front, we see credit trends are beginning to reach normal levels. We expect net charge-offs will remain in or below our long-term expected range of 35 to 55 basis points. Provision was below our long-term expectation during this past quarter. Both are expected to continue to experience modest changes, given their absolute low levels. Turning to slide 20, as you can see, we continue to be on track for delivering positive operating leverage for 2014. We’re committed to positive operating leverage for the full year and are committing to delivering positive operating leverage in 2015. We still have a lot of work to do over the final quarter, but I’m pleased with our year-to-date progress. Finally, I’d like to congratulate two of our senior leaders Mary Navarro, for being recognized as one of the American Banker’s 25 Most Powerful Women in banking; and Helga Houston for being recognized as one of American Banker’s 25 Women to Watch in Banking. We’re very proud that they’re part of our team. And so with that, I’ll turn it back to Todd.
Steve Steinour: Well, as we indicated, we have slightly lower line of credit utilizations. We’ve got lower levels of pull through and that’s reflecting competitive dynamics. Half of our commercial growth has occurred in our specialty verticals, Scott. So, we made investments over the last several years in trying to position these businesses for growth and they’re largely on track, and those niches with dedicated personnel and industry knowledge have paid dividends to-date and I think will continue to help us with our growth as we go forward. I would say generally the economies in our region, our footprint are doing well. And that’s also fueling us a bit. Finally, we do a lot of small business lending. And so, there is a component that might be thought of a sort of a small business, a business banking context that’s also driving that growth.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Scott. So there was, I would say a slight benefit on adjusted basis in the third quarter relative to the reduction in force that we had. We will see that come through in the fourth quarter, but also keep in mind that we’re adding the Bank of America branches and we are accelerating the investment in-store. So these affected those things in as well. And obviously all those things are played in with the guidance that we’ve given around fourth quarter being flat for third quarter on an adjusted basis with non-interest expense and that 2% to 4% range of growth off an adjusted 2014 base in 2015, which does include all the strategic actions that we need to take in 2015 related to the process that we just came through.
Steve Steinour: Bob, we said we had a concentration limit on auto a year or so ago and what we’re going to be running into that next year and so there is certainly a concentration component into the securitization. But as we’ve done in the past, if we see better execution, we have securitized in the past when we had room into the limited. And next year, we’ll start with the concentration. But if we find an opportunity that gives us better economics in the future, we’ll use that as well. We originate to all; it’s the same quality portfolio that we’ve securitized as what we hold. It’s performed very well for us; the securities had actually outperformed expectations. And we’re confident in the quality of what we’re doing and you get to see that every quarter as we give you the credit and other metrics on our production.
Steve Steinour: We haven’t given an exact number, but we’ve expressed it as a percentage of capital in the past and I believe we’ve reduced about 150% and that was capital a couple of years ago. So, you think about round numbers, $7.5 billion, $8 billion that should put you in the ballpark.
Steve Steinour: I don’t think it will really impact growth. We certainly didn’t see that in the quarter when we pushed the rate increase through, actually had record origination volumes. So, I don’t think that would be an impact.
Steve Steinour: Well this was in footprint, so it is part of our strategy to try and get more share where we are and build out, Ken. And we’re going to continue to prioritize in our shared in the markets we’re in. We might look at adjacent geography but the priority would be in footprint.
Steve Steinour: Yes, I would think about it back at the normalized level, those were primarily [FPA] gains and I think we just had some unusual gains in the quarter.
Steve Steinour: Yes. And with regard to the NPA, the only real thought there is we’ve reached the level of our NPAs that are within our normalized range. We do expect to see some level of continued improvement going forward, but as you see this quarter, we’re down to levels where a couple of deals can make a difference in the level of NPAs, so from quarter-to-quarter you might see some modest volatility. But we do still expect over the next couple of years to see some level of continued improvement there. So, not a big shift in how we’re thinking about it.
Steve Steinour: Great, thank you. In summary, we’re pleased with our performance in the third quarter, as our strategies and disciplined execution drove strong results. There is a market acceptance of our value proposition. It is clearly an acceptance. Our best-in-class service, our convenience and our fair play philosophy. And you can see this as we continue to gain market share and share of wallet. And you can continue to see distinct examples of how we are optimizing the franchise. We produced 5% percent revenue growth in a challenging environment and are highly focused on pricing discipline as we continue to grow our portfolio. We recognize that the interest rate environment and competitive pressures are not going to go away overnight, so we have work yet to do to finish out the year as strongly as it began. Finally, our Board and this management team are all long-term shareholders; we are very focused on reducing volatility and driving long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. Have a good day everybody.
Dan Neumeyer: We basically -- this is Dan. And we really don’t originate subprime. We’ve been a super-prime and prime type lender and that’s what we -- that’s what’s worked for us and that’s what we continue to concentrate.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes, this is Dan. I think I don’t know if there isn’t segment of market but it is very competitive although different lenders have their different initiatives that they are interested in. And as I mentioned we’re in that kind of prime, super prime, there is some competition, but given the fact that we were able to put through the price increase and still maintain volumes I think that gives an indication that it’s still somewhat rational. So we are pleased with the segment of the market we’re competing in.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. This is Dan. So we do watch indexes like the Mannheim that’s one of our leading indicators. I can see that we are seeing anything right now that gives us pause, but again, we stayed very much to our strategy of very strong FICOs reasonable loan to values and terms et cetera. So no real early warning indicators even as we have expanded into a new market we take a very cautious approach, we take a bit more conservative stance when entering into those new markets and those seasons and then go to our more traditional parameters. So we watch very closely, but no early indications of any real problems.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks Erika. So the way to think about it in the current quarter if you look at it relatively third quarter of last year we had 20 basis points of compression on the asset side about four of that was related to LCR activities. And you might remember on the last call we talked about our outlook for the net interest margin. And we probably bottom fourth quarter of ‘14, first quarter of ‘15 based on a rate environment where we actually thought that we were going to see an increase from the Fed much sooner than we’re planning right now. So with our current guidance and the way we’re looking at our plan for 2015 with no Fed increase plan for 2015 at least from our perspective, we’re going to continue to see margin pressure. I would say that’s going to decelerate on a quarterly basis in 2015 and we are going to continue to add securities, primarily Ginnie Mae as it relates to what is required from an LCR perspective as we move towards that date of January ‘16. So I do think that the proportion that you’re seeing related to the LCR impact is going to become larger as we move into 2015, I am not quite sure exactly what that’s going to be. But we are seeing, I would say some of the spread compressions I guess back off a bit as we move through the portfolio of mix change.
Mac McCullough: Ken, it’s Mac. So we’re probably in the neighborhood of 80% of where we need to be. We’re going to continue to add to the portfolio. We see the ability to take basically liquidity from the existing portfolio about a $100 million a month and get the right type of securities for LCR. So there will be a bit of a mix change in the existing portfolio and I would expect another 750 million to 1 billion incremental coming on as we move through 2015 to get us ready for January of 2016.
Mac McCullough: We’re primarily looking to bring [Jenny’s] on. And it’s hard to quote exactly where we are based on the market the last couple of days. But it does have an impact on the NIM; there is no doubt about it. But I wouldn’t necessarily call it material.
Mac McCullough: So we have made significant investments in technology, if you take a look back over the last couple of years, Steve mentioned a few of those on the call today with the new teleplatform. We’re now completely image enabled in all of our branches. We start to get the paper out of the branches. So clearly savings related to that. We’re completely image enabled on ATMs now and we also mentioned that we’re seeing customer behavior change with the migration of deposits to the image enabled ATMs as well as the photo mobile deposit capture, which is another investment we’ve been making around digital. We have made large investments in in-stores which we highly value. We’re saying our customers migrate transactions into the in-stores. We think it’s a very important part of our distribution strategy going forward as we think about optimizing distribution and really getting the right cost and the right investment and distribution going forward. So those are some investments that we’ve made that will have amortization expense from a technology perspective in 2015 or additional run rate expense related to bringing the new branches online. So, we do think these investments are important relative to the direction that we’re taking to franchise in the future and those are some of the items that we’ll see in 2015 and why the 2% to 4% range is what we expect. 
Mac McCullough: Yes. So we have been monitoring the securitization markets very closely and you are correct. The gains are much lower than they were last time we went this direction. I would roughly say that probably 50% is something in that range. And clearly there probably is a bit of a give up by securitizing and not keeping the production on balance sheet, but we think this is the right thing to do from a concentration limit perspective and if the direction that we have actually built for 2015 plan.
Mac McCullough: Sure. We’ve seen strong recoveries in the CRE book; obviously we had significant charge-off activity several years back so we’re starting to see a benefit of that. I do think it is probably the recoveries probably aren’t going to grow from here. We’ll continue to see reasonable level of recoveries going forward. But that’s all multiple credits, Dan.
Mac McCullough: So we committed to a statewide exclusive arrangement with Giant Eagle and Meijer; several other banks with different store locations. And as they, and these generally were the most attractive store, as those leases expire or there is opportunity for early exits, we’ve been very interested and backfilling this as soon as possible. And we’re going to benefit from that in 2015 to the extent of 50 openings. That will largely complete the program; there will be a few more in out years, but the vast majority of that will be complete. The in-stores themselves as Mac alluded are seeing a much higher level of customer choice than we expected. So the transactional side of that in addition to the sales side is going very, very well. And that convenience play we think is part of what’s driving it. We’ve factored the 50 expansions into the 2015 budget and so that’s in that expense guidance of 2% to 4% Mac gave you. And I mentioned earlier that we have 50 that have turned profitable and we expect the existing 120 plus to be profitable around the end of the year.
Mac McCullough: So, this is Mac. Regarding the securitizations, as I mentioned earlier, we have been monitoring our markets very carefully. And just given some of the volatility and some of the rate issues that we’ve seen, we don’t need to do the securitization in 2014. So, we’ve taken the guidance out related to that for specific reasons around just market conditions and making sure that we get the accounting for this right. So, 2015 looks much more probable at this point.
Mac McCullough: Yes Chris, I think when you go through the math that would be the way to take a look at it. I think with the investments that we’re making in the in-stores and I think the Bank of America acquisition and how that plays into 2015 on a full year basis along with some of the technology investments that I mentioned earlier, those things would basically be 2% to 4% increase that we’ve talked about and that would offset the adjustments that we’ve made in the fourth quarter.
