Stephen D. Steinour: We're essentially defined now in terms of our automobile geography could add a state or 2, but won't be a broad-based. And while we admire a lot of what TCF does and has done, we don't have plans to follow their expansion to national indirect lender.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, Asterisk-Free is part of our Fair Play philosophy and when we announced it about a year ago, Fair Play and that we were going to -- with 24-Hour Grace, and certain other fee give-ups in addition to Reg E, take a fee set back. And that we shared with the investment community just the fee give-ups and 24-Hour Grace would cost us $30 million. We're very pleased and we're well ahead of schedule to be back essentially flat year-over-year in the same timeframe. And Asterisk-Free, as you heard from those statistics from seeing the pages, it's accelerating our household growth. It's early as we said and as you acknowledged, but we like what we see so far in the mix. And we're continuing to get good cross-sell penetration in addition to the mix. But it's early, Tony, and so we're not sharing a lot more. We're not prepared to share a lot more until we have a better view of a sustainable run rate so we don't create a misperception.
Stephen D. Steinour: Ken, I'll do the credit in the first case. Don, why don't you talk about timing of the securitization, if you would, and Nick, kindly as well. But Ken, we don't anticipate changing our lending policy at all. And at this point, and there are no discussions to do so in the future. So we would expect to continue to generate super prime and we look at it weekly as we've shared with you in the past, and Nick and Tim, of course, are on it every day, all day.
Stephen D. Steinour: And Ken, I would just add one comment, and that is we have a reputation that we have worked very hard to build in the marketplace. The dealers are very connected for a variety of reasons, and we want to stay very focused on what we are known to do and do really well. And that's where we want to continue to play in that space.
Stephen D. Steinour: So Ken, we originally moved to low comp because we thought it was more a conservative basis for covering the MSR. And we -- while we had it partially -- the low comp portion partially hedged was inadequate given the magnitude of the moves. As Don referenced, it's now more substantially hedged at this point going forward. But if you look at a 2-year continuum, we're way ahead having left it unhedged, but we're kicking ourselves, a bit, for missing this last couple of weeks in particular and the impact of it.
Stephen D. Steinour: Ken, we're very focused around the efficiency ratio and the expense level, and will be as we go forward.
Stephen D. Steinour: Erika, it's hard to project what they're doing. We've got a rearview mirror focus but I would say there's generally an effort to try to make up some of Reg E and Durbin. And you'd have to look at that bank by bank to see how they're doing it, and some of it is obvious and some it sort of -- what I call junk fees that are just getting added in like an ATM lookup -- balance lookup fee, things like that, none of which we're doing. And all of which sort of worked for us in this Fair Play philosophy much like that more commonly known, Bags Fly Free thing from Southwest, has resonated. And we expect that will continue and our growth in terms of competition, we believe it has some runway, undefined to have some runway yet. And we intend to be driving aggressively and try to foreshadow that in terms of the expectations of households and business unit growth in the near term.
Stephen D. Steinour: I think the regulatory environment and the Fed in particular, will look at the city bags as a class going forward. And being the midget in the room, it will still put us in the room. So we have -- we're going to go through the CCAR process, first time, which we outlined in the release. And unknown, prospective that they're going to conjecture on our part to take some kind of extended view comment right now, but our capital plan will be holistic in terms of uses of capital and we're trying to be efficient in our use as you saw at the auto securitization and our outlook for continued securitizations.
Stephen D. Steinour: We haven't disclosed that and it gets -- we have an organic growth dynamic, Erika, that we're also conscious of it. And at the moment, in some respects that, it appears to be accelerating, and we clearly want to continue that and fuel it. And then separately, from time to time, it could be an acquisition here and then -- so the standard uses of capital, we're working through all that, we'll work that through with the Fed and seek out process.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes, I think on the consumer side, I do think that as I've mentioned with this, you take the securitization out and we basically have flat and Reg E was down a little bit, home equity was up a little bit, so I don't -- we're not troubled at this point but this is a trend. We think that there'll be modest, continued improvement there. Similarly on the commercial side in terms of new inflows, obviously, I can't argue with the numbers. Inflows were up. However, there were a few events in the quarter that boost that number up higher than what we think is just normal downgrade activity and therefore, we're watching it closely, but feel that -- don't feel that, that is necessarily the beginning of a trend either. So we're on top of it. We feel pretty good about where we stand today and again on the commercial side, as I mentioned, we think there's negligible loss content in the new inflows.
Stephen D. Steinour: We have -- we made investments in late '09 and '10 in equipment finance and in large corporate. We're generally set at this point.
Stephen D. Steinour: We are getting inquiries. They don't quite phrase it that way but there may be a little bit of fatigue and angst about combination of reinvest challenge concentration risk issues, regulatory activity, including pending Dodd-Frank impacts. But it's -- there is a -- I would say that generally still a bid/ask call. And yes, we grow every quarter now what we used to grow a year in terms of consumer checking households. In 2010, we have 30,000 household growths, we're doing that in a quarter. And so we're going to keep driving the machine organically and hopefully, aggressively. And if something comes along that makes sense or right price, we'd look hard at it but it would have to be on our terms.
Stephen D. Steinour: As you look at the -- as you look forward, David, at sort of our cost of funds and compare us to other regionals, we have some pricing opportunity in the portfolio and some of that'll come through a change in mix and some of it is probably of an opportunity within the class.
Stephen D. Steinour: I think we've pretty much if you look at our level of provision, that's pretty much at a kind of core level, what we would expect to see on an ongoing basis. It may move quarter-over-quarter a little bit, but I think we're generally in the range. And I guess that there might be a little bit of movement but that's based on quarterly developments. But...
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, I think right now we have very strong coverage levels and the portfolio is improving. So I wouldn't necessarily see a build, no. But we have a lot of -- when we have periods of a lot of volatility like the third quarter, we talked -- I mentioned briefly, concerns with Europe, concerns with change in confidence as a consequence of the debt issues in Washington that we're going to be prudent. We're going to be conservative with our views on risk.
Stephen D. Steinour: I'd say, generally that's in line with expectations, but just because of the challenge that you talked about whether the macro economic outlook or interest rate environment overall.
Donald R. Kimble: Good. As far as the timing and the frequency of the securitization is that I would say that as a general expectation, we're probably looking at a couple of years. And some years, even some of you might have fewer, and the size of securitization is probably will be fairly similar to what we just did, but I wouldn't say that's an absolute guidance. But that's generally be met based on growth and balance sheet capacity and other funding considerations.
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, good question, but we essentially have been including new mortgage loan originations on a lower cost for market basis over the last 2 years. And for that portion of the portfolio, we believe that interest rates over the long haul would increase from where they were before. And as a result of the amortization associated with that asset, we really didn't need to hedge it. And we monitored it but we didn't hedge it. And -- well, that we mark-to-market on that low common book really hit for the first time this past quarter and cost us $11 million of write-downs. So if you just look at the fair value portion of the MSR, we actual have a slight gain of about $2 million, which is consistent with what we've seen in previous quarters for that activity, but really it was a reflection of the low end rates coming down 90 basis points in early part of the quarter, as Steve referenced. But we had another 30 basis point drop in the last 2 weeks in the quarter, which costs $7 million of that impairment. And so it was more market-driven, onetime-related. We have taken a position to do a partial hedge of that asset going forward but it's a reflection of the strategy we've played up until now.
Donald R. Kimble: Great question, Ken. And as far as the expenses, I just want to highlight a few things. There really are some unusual items in the quarter that drove that $11 million increase. We've talked about roughly a $6 million increase in outside processing and other services. A good portion of that relates to the conversion costs associated with our debit card efforts that we have going on. You've mentioned the increase in personnel cost of about $8 million linked quarter. We had $2 million increase in healthcare benefits, primarily related to 3 specific claims that were a large dollar amount that were outside the normal cost. We had $2 million of severance cost this quarter. And we had a host of other items of about $1 million each that I wouldn't suggest are quarterly occurring but they just ended up getting this past quarter. As far as the severance cost, it really was related to some continuous improvement efforts we have in place. We haven't targeted or size a specific initiative as to what we want to do as far as bringing down some of the expenses, but then, we do want to be able to focus on continuous improvement making sure that we're able to support investing in other initiatives where appropriate, but also keeping in mind that the impact of the economy over the next several quarters and the need to make sure that we're managing our expense base prudently and trying to keep that down. And as a result of the onetime items I talked about, our guidance was for expenses to be lower. But just as we referenced with the conversion costs, we expect those costs to continue into the fourth quarter, but we'll see benefits in future quarters from the impact of that conversion.
Donald R. Kimble: It's first to point out that we do expect to see increases in net interest income even though the margin could show pressure. But the guidance as far as it could drop modestly or slightly below that long end of the guidance of the long-term -- into the guidance of 3.30%, more is a reflection of the fact that we're at a 3.34% for the current quarter. We think there will be continued pressure just because we don't want to extend the duration of our investment portfolio in this low rate environment and we want to make sure that we're managing that risk position appropriately.
Donald R. Kimble: Great question. As far as securitization and whether the $1 billion, the residual interest, represented about $28 million of $1 billion. It was solid proof that we retained 0 of the securitization. Now we do have a mere pool of assets, which represents 5% of that balance that we do keep on our balance sheet. And it's more a response to be expected regulatory guidance as far as how to keep a similar retained interest but do not have any expectations at this point in time that, that would come back on the balance sheet. But we do have the opportunity once it narrows, I believe, to less than 5% of the outstanding balance as -- we might have an opportunity to repurchase, but that'll be a probably a minimis cleanup type of transaction.
Donald R. Kimble: There is no risk there as far as that true up. We do have a servicing asset on our balance sheet but it's slight and we'll continue to value that over time but there is no risk to recapture that $15 million.
Donald R. Kimble: On a year-over-year basis, we did have a much stronger origination volumes in the third and fourth quarter of last year that the 3 quarters this year are all fairly consistent. As far as originations ranked from $916 million in the second quarter, then $953 million in the third quarter. We did not change originations or locations or any other sources to the extent that our book today is primarily retail source. From our MROs, and it doesn't have anything in the way of our third-party sources that started the originations stream.
Donald R. Kimble: I'd say we're trying to maintain or manage our pricing there to -- that delivered the bottom line for us, but we probably will see a little less volatility than many of our peers from that perspective. Let's say, application volumes are up significantly and so we should see some higher origination volumes sort of fourth quarter based on that pipeline, but probably not as volatile as many of the peers might show.
Donald R. Kimble: Great question, David. We did have about $2 billion maturity, and the average rate on that maturity was 2.63%. It's interesting each of the month throughout the third quarter that average rate for that maturity bucket increased to where in the third quarter -- third month of the quarter September, it was over 3% kind of rate for that. So we really haven't seen a lot of benefit from that repricing in the third quarter that we will see in the fourth quarter. The average go-to rate for our CD originations was under 70 basis points. I think it was around a 165-basis-point range and tended to have around a 2-year average duration to it.
Donald R. Kimble: I would say it's part of it. I'd say that later in the third quarter, we would implement it a little bit more later in some of the pricing strategy and so our go-to rates or our time deposits are lower now today than what they were throughout most of the third quarter. We've also had some similar efforts on the money market, deposit pricing. And toward the end of the quarter, we also started to see a lot more benefit from some of the commercial relationships bringing in some additional balances to their existing relationships, which help to drive the cost down. So I think it will be a part of the overall effort.
Donald R. Kimble: I would say that it's a little lower than what we probably would have thought coming into the quarter but it's more reflective of some of the costs that we have talked, whether it's a conversion cost or some of the other items that caused that to be slightly lower than expectation. As far as the impact, what we talked about, our guidance shows that we do expect the Durbin impact to have about a $16 million reduction to fee income that we think offsetting that will be continued modest improvement in net interest income. We think we'll see continued improvement in other fee categories like deposit service charges were up $4.5 million this past quarter. And we think the expense levels absent the conversion type of cost will return to more normal levels. So we think that those efforts will offset the impact of Durbin.
