Zach Wasserman: Absolutely. Thanks, John. This is Zach. I'll take that one. I think just taking it to back, we were pleased to see the deposits continue to expand in the second quarter, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we guided that we would have that expectation and we were pleased to see it come through and be delivered. The outlook going forward continues to be for modest growth. Commercial growing faster, consumer might be flat to down a bit. The environment is clearly volatile here with the rate moves we've seen out of late, but that's the traction we're seeing and so far it's corroborated here just in the first few weeks of July. The focus we've got is really deepening, engagement with our clients growing, core operating count certainly within the commercial business, primary bank relationships broadly across the franchise and really balancing that growth with pricing over time, clearly, but that's the growth we've got for now.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I'll take that one again as well. So thus far in the cycle, it's been pretty limited in terms of pricing changes that we've seen come through. As we highlighted in the prepared remarks, average deposit cost for Q2 just 4 basis points higher than Q1, so very low. That represents less than 10% beta. With that being said, clearly, the rate has happened late in the quarter in May and then more in June and given the forecast for July, we do expect Q3 and Q4 to be higher. As we take a step back and just think about this cycle, it's clearly changing and there are factors that are driving beta to be higher than we be the last rate hiking cycle. We started from a lower starting point. Asset growth continues to be pretty strong here across the industry, and these multiple more than 25 basis point rate moves that are happening quick succession are clearly up factors for beta. With that being said, we do think more to continue to recognize the level of excess liquidity across the entire industry at this point is quite high. And inflation itself tends to increase balances over time as that filters into wages and corporate revenues. Take it to back still very early in the cycle. Our posture is to be very, very disciplined and manage this with a lot of rigor at a very detailed level as we noted before and with that primary bank focus. And I think everything we're seeing thus far and the incremental forecasting that we do on a monthly basis continues to cooperate that were on the trend that we were expecting.
Zach Wasserman: Yeah. Thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll take that as well. As we talked about in the prepared remarks for Q2, we didn't do any buybacks given the Capstone acquisition closing. And I think as we think about the next several set of quarters, our capital priorities are really guided by our overall party sets and first and foremost, to fund organic growth and given the strong ROE that we get on the organic loans we're bringing in, that's our top priority. That's where we intended, and I'm really pleased to be able to allocate the capital. Even as we also manage capital ratios upward here, trending towards the year-end. It's a little too early to call what happens in 2023. And as we get closer, we'll have a better view of what the plan might be at that point. But I think you'll see us tick capital ratios up here sequentially and deploy it to the loan growth for the foreseeable future.
Zach Wasserman: Well, first of all, thanks for serving me of a theoretical question. I'd love to take those. Appreciate you doing that. Look, I think that our outlook in best forecast that I see is for continued NIM expansion over the next few quarters. And if you sort of stretch the forecast out, if you use the forward yield curve as guidance, that continues out into the middle part of 2023. That starts to stabilize. My forecast doesn't show contraction of anything material, just more bouncing a lot of flat line as you get kind of further out into time. Obviously, you noted in your question that I quipped about it, it is a little theoretical, so you start to forecast on forecast on forecasting you got to move too far. But that's the expectation that we've got.
Zach Wasserman: No, that's not what I said. I think generally continue to be tracking around the same level at the last cycle. I think it's -- the beta sort of trends over time. That was the point I was trying to make. Initially in the early stages of the cycle, it's quite low. And that's certainly what we saw in the second quarter less than 10% beta in the second quarter. I think the beta will accelerate as the rate environment and cycle continues. But in totality on a cumulative basis, still seeing generally the same kind of trends and outlooks as we had seen in the last cycle.
Zach Wasserman: And the other thing I just -- this is Zach. The other kind of secular phenomenon, but I do think it's going to be a tailwind for the industry broadly for the commercial banking space in the investment in property plant equipment to deal with labor supply constraints, which aren't going away anytime soon and are really driving significant corporate level investments in automation technology things of that nature.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. This is Zach. I'll take that, and I'll see if my colleagues want to tack on throughout the course of answering your question. Generally, as I noted and your question, we continue to expect high single-digit loan growth by Q4. We're actually running above that level right now. Q2 was about a 10% annualized, which gives us the opportunity to optimize our capital allocation and really dial in the long-term return of the asset growth as we go throughout the balance of the yield which we feel really good about to be in that position. The nature of the growth going forward will be pretty similar to what we've seen in the first half of this year, that is commercial led, driven by production and consumer growing, but slower. And I think it's corroborated by what we're seeing in the -- particularly the commercial loan pipelines up. I don't think we mentioned a 9% quarter-over-quarter, 33% year-over-year in our late-stage commercial pipeline. So notwithstanding the economic headlines, our clients are still investing. There's still opportunity to grow. On the consumer side, we're going to see slower growth in residential mortgage than we saw in the first half, as we go into the second half and auto and RV/Marine continue to contribute, although at a slower level. So, I think perhaps a modest shift toward commercial, but generally pretty similar to the nature of growth we saw in the first half.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks for the question. There's a lot to unpack in expenses. So you gave me the opportunity to do that. I think now that we have delivered the cost synergies fully, it's in the run rate we're back to managing expenses on an ongoing basis as the business grows and with a goal toward continuing to drive positive operating leverage and modulating expenses relative to revenue. While we self fund the key investments in our strategic initiatives to sustain them and those are not changed from what we've had before. We continue to build out key commercial capabilities, build our critical fee businesses and payments, capital markets, wealth, and I think continue to build terrific digital and overall product capabilities within our consumer and business banking function. So, those are the priorities. We'll keep investing in them align with clearly what Steve was just mentioning in terms of the terrific momentum we have in the TCF expansion opportunities. The efficiency ratio is an outcome, frankly. And our goal is really in the end, drive PPNR and just continue to expand profitability over time. With that being said, I do think efficiency ratio could very well trend lower here just given where the rate environment is going, and we'll see where that goes.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. So, I think in terms of the investments we're making in digital continue, and it's all about channel development, internal process efficiency. And we've got -- as we have had in the past, a series of interesting new product developments that are on our roadmap that I will feel a thunder on now, but you'll see them come through into the market over time as we launch them. We're always throttling the dials of where we're directing our marketing funding. And that changes the mix of online versus offline account acquisition over time. But in the end, it's all about driving the most value ultimately from the accounts in terms of depth of relationship and ultimately, customer lifetime value. So, -- and we feel really good where that is trending, frankly.
Zach Wasserman: If you see the room here, you're seeing a lot of heads nodding and pleasured with your questions, so thanks for asking it. I mean I think, look, the reality is that there is no top. It's a function of where the interest rate market goes, right? And I think it can go higher. With that being said, I think, realistically, what you're seeing kind of the realistic range is right for the foreseeable future. And certainly, as we do our modeling based on the yield curve where it is right now, we see continued expansion, as I mentioned in one of the questions earlier for the next few quarters and then beginning to flatten out as you get into kind of the middle part of 2023 and beyond, based on the trajectory of the yield curve right now.
Zach Wasserman: Yeah. Nothing unusual in the first category you talked about. I think we're just seeing that continued trend through and certainly in our securities portfolio broadly really benefiting from expanding yields and just the reinvestment of the cash flows. Overall, broadly speaking across the loan categories, we're seeing nice trends in new money yield with gross yields really benefiting as the yield curve is expanding here. The environment is still competitive. And so it's still a factor, but we're seeing new money rates expand in almost every major product line across the board, around 30 bps to sense overall from Q1 to Q2. And I think that the average rate increase in Q2 versus Q1 was relatively modest. I think we're going to see coming through related to your C&I question in Q3 is more just given, again, the timing of the rate moves and the moves and so for late in the quarter versus what we'll see on average for Q3.
Zach Wasserman: This is Zach, just tack on. I would not draw sort of a direct correlation in that way. I think there's, just too many other factors that go into it. And I think that it's not even necessarily the case that it would go up. I think it really depends on, I think, what the trajectory is and what the outlook is across the various scenarios also clearly that the depth and duration of any economic softening is the most important factor.
Zach Wasserman: Yeah. So thanks for the question, Scott. And just we couldn't be more pleased about closing both of those acquisitions. Torana is relatively small. Capstone is a very, scaled business as we've talked about. And just an amazing fit for our capital markets business and not only bring on a great run rate, but the opportunity to expand that business within the Huntington franchise is really, really significant. So we're thrilled about it. At this point, our current forecasts are around that same kind of run rate here over the next couple of quarters. And I think we'll see the synergies start to manifest as we get out further into time, but really excited about that. I think Torana over time will grow a relatively small impact in this year.
Steve Steinour: Betsy, this is Steve. We put the – we published our auto lending every quarter. So you see new lending at super prime, it just hasn't deviated more than 5 or 10 points and has generally drifted upwards over the last 12 years. And we're super prime on the home side as well. And then the RV/Marine is an average just over 800 like an FICO. All of this is very low to fault frequency, default expectation and it's all secured. So we feel very good about the consumer book as a whole.
Steve Steinour: Steven, it's occurring. It's been occurring. I think, if anything, what we're even seeing this year with China shutdown episodically with COVID, it's just reinforcing. So it's supply chain nearshore or onshore and we're getting some of that benefit here in the Midwest and I suspect probably in the Southeast Southwest as well. I think that's going to continue. The supply chains have gotten better in some industries, but still in most are a problem. And that level of investment required is reflected in our equipment finance results. We've had a – we had a record second quarter and expect to have a very strong second half. Usually, our second half is better than the first half. So, the teams are seeing a lot of investment. Reshoring is certainly a meaningful portion of it.
Steve Steinour: And I'll just tack on a little bit. With mortgage rates up, refi volumes down, you see in the mortgage numbers everywhere. But – so some of the home lending, at least on the mortgage side, will be maybe partially offset with . But the consumer side, I think, will tend to be a little less robust than it has been. At the same time, the sheer scale and the opportunities we have in these national businesses with TCF are really extraordinary. So, the inventory finance is like number two to one of the big four nationally, and that just has great upside for us as supply chains get worked out. We've talked before about all the floor plan, that's almost a $2 billion number for us as it normalizes. So, there's opportunity a bit in the utilization rate changes. We saw a little bit of that in the second quarter. There's a lot of opportunity utilization rate changes. But the growth dynamics here in these national businesses and new markets are very, very good. We've got over 50 new business colleagues in Minnesota and Colorado, as I mentioned earlier, and that activity is bearing fruit and will continue to be a source of growth for us as well. So very well-positioned. Zach gave you the close in pipeline as of a contemporary week, but the total commercial pipeline almost doubled what it was a year ago. So a lot of opportunity in front of us.
Steve Steinour: The credit, we think will have a very consistent performance because we've been so disciplined for more than a decade. So we don't expect to see any significant credit issues emerging out of auto or RV/Marine for that matter because that's an 8, 10-plus average FICO. So very, very low to full frequencies. And that drives more than valuation -- used car valuation or other equivalent metrics, much more to our business line that it evolves because we just -- frankly, we just don't have that many repossessions. As we think about the business going forward, there's always a lag as rates rise in terms of getting pricing at a typical level and there's always a benefit as rates fall. So we're dynamically pricing. We're actually -- we don't focus on market share. It's about return and risk, and we'll continue to do that. But we've been in this business for almost three quarters with century has performed very, very well for us, and we expect it will continue to do so. Thanks for your Ken.
Steve Steinour: We have a lot of opportunity to achieve with TCF. So, our expectation is just to continue to focus on that. And if there is some ancillary fee businesses that help us in payments or well for the capital markets, those would be of interest to us. But we've got a lot of upside going forward over the next couple of years. And I don't know, how to think about the regulatory environment for us. We got approved in record time the last time with TCF, and we had the same experience with FirstMerit and that should be some indication of our standing. And would be another indication of the outperformance every time above median is a reflection of the quality of the portfolio. So we're seeing outstanding and have been. So, all of that suggests we're able to do things, if we choose to, but our focus will continue to drive the revenue opportunity from the TCF combination.
Steve Steinour: Well, we haven't given guidance along those lines, David, but you're hearing us allude to it in terms of equipment finance, inventory finance, the reference as stated the TCF didn’t do SBA lending in Colorado or Minnesota. In fact, we didn't do C&I lending or small business lending in Colorado. So you get a lot -- for that matter well in either market. So there's a lot of investment that has made that early on is producing, and I think this gets bigger and better as we scale those businesses in those markets. And then we are a force in Michigan. We were having great growth in Michigan. And we're now able to run a full set of plays in Chicago. So you have those combinations of regional markets, our equipment finance, number seven nationally, I think will be better than that on a relative position by the end of the year based on the volumes we see. So we've got a lot of synergy that's been achieved. And we've been emphasizing OCR. We have a much better product set on both the consumer and commercial side, and that emphasis will continue to translate into revenue growth in capital markets, card and other businesses, the fee businesses for us, treasury management, et cetera, as we go forward. We'll give some thought to try to mention that over time for you and others. But at this point, we haven't done so.
Steve Steinour: Yeah. I mean as it relates to where we were a couple of years ago, I'd have to go back and take that out. I would just say that we use multiple scenarios and each one is going to have embedded assumptions around GDP and unemployment. So -- and those are going to run a pretty wide range. But it's the mix, the weighted average of all those that…
Steve Steinour: Well. And I think the other thing that you have to look at is the, with CECL, it's really hard to predict where the actual level of reserves is going to go because not only is that a function of the portfolio, but it's also a function of loan growth. So you've got to build that in. So this quarter, we kept the ACL coverage flat, but the dollars, the allowance built because of the loan growth we experienced. So, there's a few moving pieces in there. But I would say entering into a potential downturn with a position of strength, we would think would mitigate any large increases going forward.
Steve Steinour: And that's the reference point to your question. I would tell you they have a very good pipeline for the third quarter, and they had a good second quarter. And as we integrate and bring them into our customer base, we've nailed then we've worked together. This is a really good cultural fit. We'll look to grow revenues off that base.
Steve Steinour: Thank you. Well, we know you've had a busy morning. So, thank you very much for joining us today. It was just a tremendous quarter for us in Huntington. We're obviously pleased with the results, but we're also pleased with the momentum that we have going into the third quarter, coming off of record net income and PPNR growth. We're well positioned, we believe, to manage through the current uncertain economic outlook. We remain committed to and are confident of our ability to continue driving value for our shareholders. Just as a reminder, the Board executives and our colleagues are a top 10 shareholder collectively, reflecting our strong alignment with shareholders. So thank you for your interest and support today. And have a great one.
