Steve Steinour: Yes, John. So we’re very deliberately focused on making sure that we appraise loans appropriately, so we’re very focused on making sure that we go through the right process internally and maximize pricing on both the asset and liability sides of the balance sheet. That’s really helping; I think the margin performance is some of the stability that you’re seeing. We will continue to see the pressure going forward. We’ve been pretty consistent in talking about 2 to 4 basis points. Some of the longer term debts that we are putting on the balance sheet at this point to fund 2016 growth and related to some of the rating agency changes will increase the margin or increase the funding cost on the margin. So I think the higher end of the range is probably what I would think about for the fourth quarter but again I think managing the margin for consistent stable performance.
Steve Steinour: Yeah, our priorities have remained consistent with everything we’ve disclosed historically. We’re of course focused on the dividend and return of capital to our shareholders, organic growth and - but the buyback I think, certainly if Macquarie or Huntington Technology Finances agreed, example of the type of acquisition that we think is very advantageous for our shareholders performing better than we expected and when you think about it from an acquisition like Macquarie versus the share repurchase, I would do an acquisition like Macquarie any day.
Steve Steinour: Martin, this is a sort of industry I think of the control or the control of credit is done the industry and investors of service, pointing out where they have concerns, let’s issues get addressed so we don’t - as Dan said, we’re in great shape, we don’t see us sitting with any concerns right now but obviously they must be existing at that subprime space.
Steve Steinour: It will basically have a non-material impact on revenue and expense and it will take place in the fourth quarter.
Steve Steinour: Last time there were disruptions was ‘09 and ‘10 and we used it as an opportunity to expand. We’ve been in the business for 60 plus years and we got multi-generational relationships particularly in our corporate brand. So we feel very bullish about the business.
Steve Steinour: Yeah, I would say that’s accurate. Our dealers know that they have a consistent source that has been there through every cycle and I think that dealer relationship is what drives the volumes.
Steve Steinour: Geoff, the industry is trending towards a tighter range of pricing and we think a couple of years out it will be tighter but there will be a range, it won’t be flat pricing. And we’re basing that on the recent announcements with some banks and the safety B [ph] where those pricing discretion allowed and that discretion may be an important part of delivering sales to some segments of the market place and the population as a whole.
Steve Steinour: Geoff, it’s really hard to say. I mean the - obviously the auto industry is very strong right now, record volumes and as we pointed out in our comments earlier, we’ve had seven quarters of a billion dollars or more in production. So I think it comes down to - in this environment we think the way we run this business, the quality of our portfolio from risk return perspective this is a good asset to have on our balance sheet. So we’re extremely comfortable with that. We certainly hope it continues long into 2016 and we think it will.
Steve Steinour: Yeah, so it comes down to the fact that we added Macquarie this year. So that guidance is excluding HTF.
Steve Steinour: So you know up until this point in time if it really has been on the asset side of the equation, so we still are seeing as new assets come on the balance sheet. They’re actually replacing assets that are coming off at a higher yield. You know we’re starting to see because of some of the debt issuance that we’re doing a bit of a change of the liability side as well not significant. But I would tell you that we’re probably pretty close to the assets life kind of neutralizing and I would think about maybe the second half of 2016 seeing some stabilization there.
Steve Steinour: I would say probably both, given the current rate - given the current rate environment the current competitive environment lots of factors go into that of course but second half of ‘16 probably looks reasonable.
Steve Steinour: No, we do evaluate that frequently and I would tell that right now we’re comfortable with the current trajectory of how they are coming off. So again we spend a fair amount of time in ALCO, sub-ALCO reviewing the swap position and our overall asset liability position of course. And but I will stay that we’re staying of course.
Steve Steinour: Yeah, I think - I think rate expectations length of still lay perhaps in seeing any changes coming out of the fed. I think we’re just, just at a process the information that’s available to us and make decisions on that.
Steve Steinour: So you know first we don’t respond rumors in the marketplace, so that’s the answer of on the specific question that you asked. But the way we think about acquisition is does not changed. We’re extremely consistent; we’ve been consistent before a number of years in terms of thinking about the fixed footprint. Core depository is looking in the contiguous states is something we talked about as well. So we’ve been very consistent in how we talk about our M&A strategy.
Steve Steinour: Yeah, so the - the guidance that we’ve given on our NIM historically and continue to give on our NIM assumes that we can change the assets swaps for loss, so there is no replacement in that work as we give guidance and think about the future. So again we’ve been consistent in that approach and that guidance overtime.
Steve Steinour: So I don’t think that we are anticipating any changes from what was happening in the marketplace today. We’ve made changes back in 2010 around the way we think about pricing and what we’ve allowed the dealer to do. So we think that what we are doing today is very consistent with what we done sometime and that waiting time and don’t see any issues there.
Steve Steinour: So we don’t really disclose the size of investment that we make in various aspects of the business from a technologic perspective. You know I will say that the investment they were making is broad across all segments and all lines of business and that we are accelerating that investment in digital. But again that’s something that we don’t disclose.
Steve Steinour: Marty, we have invested in our brand and in our products to make them very attractive with unique, in some cases unique features. We talked in prior earnings releases about an investment we’ve made last year in date and analytics and creating the capacity to better understand our customer base and their needs and desires and our capital to fulfill with them in different channels and the combination of those investments with our ongoing efforts to provide better sales execution is leading to growth in both new customers but growth in product penetration with the entire book. And we think we’re - while we’re better, we have opportunity to further improve.
Steve Steinour: Yeah, so keep in mind that the MSR impairment that we mentioned earlier on the call is embedded in that mortgage banking line, so that’s $8.4 million in the mortgage banking line, excluding that year-over-year, I think we’re up $5 million in growth. So clearly we are seeing some reduction in volume relative to where we were earlier on the year, we do see revives like everyone else in the industry dropping off and purchases becoming more important, but I do think both the volumes are solid, but that as far as they weren’t earlier in the year.
Steve Steinour: Yeah, the operating lease income will betide overtime along with the operating lease expense. So we’re not going to do operating leases going forward as we renew that business or bringing additional lease on and all end up in the margin going forward. So you will see both the income and the expense related operating leases are trying to come.
Steve Steinour: So we’re pleased with our third quarter results. And our strategies are working, our investments are positively contributing to results and our execution is focused and strong. We continued to gain market share and improve share wallet. We produced 5% year-over-year revenue growth in a challenging environment and we’ve remained focused on pricing and underwriting discipline. We continued to invest in our businesses but we pace those investments to assure positive operating leverage. We continued to work toward out long term corporate goals including becoming more efficient and boosting returns. And finally, I want to close by reiterating that our Board and this management team are all long term shareholders. Our top priorities include managing risk, reducing volatility, achieving positive operating leverage and driving solid, consistent long term performance. We are well aligned on these priorities. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, Martin, this is Dan Neumeyer. No and industry wide I think his observations are spot on but we have said repeatedly when you look at our strategy on auto loans we’ve been very consistent. Our numbers are rock solid in terms of what’s originating [indiscernible], LTBs, the term of our loans, there is no risk layering within our portfolio, so we feel extremely confident in the performance of our book today.
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, so the opportunities that we’re looking at are very consistent with what we’ve been doing over the last two or three years and we are investing in distribution. You’ve seen us bring online a number of in-store branches which we think are going to be very advantageous for us in the future in terms of optimizing the cost of distribution. Our customers are migrating to those branches for their transactions and we actually sell very, very well in those facilities. So that clearly has been one area. Investments in technology has been another significant area for us. You’ve seen us do a number of things with image enabled [ph] ATMs with new teller platform, with our deposit image [ph] capabilities on mobile phones and we make - continue to make strong investments in the digital capabilities that we need to go forward. So these are the types of investments that we are making and we continue to make and as it relates to positive operating leverage in 2016, we’re going to make these investments as appropriate, we’re going to manage the expense base based upon the revenue environment. Steve mentioned that we are budgeting 2016 assuming an unchanged rate scenario, which means that we’re going into the year with a very conservative expense outlook based upon an unchanged rate scenario. So again we’re going to continue to manage for positive operating leverage on an annual basis and we’re going to do that by making sure that we manage the expense based upon the revenue environment that we’re in, so very confident that we’re going to be able to achieve that in 2016.
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, this is Dan again. We don’t expect any disruption, we have a niche that we play on which is prime and super prime - we have great dealer relationships that’s been established by Nick [inaudible 0:31:32]and his team over a long period of time, so while there may be disruption in the industry as a whole, we really think that we have a value proposition that we’ve been very consistent. We know what our target market is and we really don’t expect any disruption to that.
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, Ken, this is Dan. The market remains competitive but we are seeing a nice growth in many of the segments, equipment finance continues to be a driver and Huntington Technology Finance as a part of that has macro [indiscernible] actually beating expectations, so we’re happy with what’s going on there. We had good growth in the quarter and in core middle markets, large corporate and our protocols continue to - each individual one is not huge but collectively healthcare franchise, AVL [ph] are all good contributors in the quarter. So it’s really a matter of picking our slots and which ones align best with our risk appetite. Overall, our backlogs are actually quite healthy, a little bit better even than a year ago at this time.
Dan Neumeyer: I don’t think there’s really. The numbers we’re talking about are kind of smaller side. I don’t think there’s been any dramatic shift. We did over provide a bit this quarter. I think we’ve been thinking for some time that the conversion of charge offs and provision would be more closely aligned and I think we continue - we’ll continue to operate in that general range.
Dan Neumeyer: Hey Peter, this is Dan. I would say that, yeah, we watch the dollar China commodity, but I think for our local economy, the strength of the auto industry, the strength of the housing market and the fact that low energy prices well that’s a negative for the energy businesses for many of our customers, you know energy costs are major input and to our consumers. So I think those factors combined actually have been a net positive and we’re still seeing strong demand and strong - pretty strong in our region.
Dan Neumeyer: You know I would say it’s only epithetic, we’re not seeing any trends in any industry. You know we’re seeing you know case here and there of somebody being particularly affected but on the whole, we’ve not seen any kind of industry level that impacts, we though at this point.
Mac McCullough: So it should be the 2014 adjusted and then 2015adjusted excluding HTF. The reason that we did that is because we gave this guidance originally before the HTF transaction and we just felt it was important to continue to give consistent guidance here. So that’s the way to think about the math, that’s the way it works.
Mac McCullough: Yeah, we continue to look at kind of the efficiency of the securitization market and the need for us to actually that either from a risk concentration or funding perspective, we don’t see a need to do that in the near future. We have talked about perhaps doing some funding transactions in 2016 but again we don’t see that as being required at this point in time.
Mac McCullough: So we gave guidance on that last quarter. Macquarie expenses were about $15 million a quarter and very consistent in terms of what we see in this quarter as well.
Mac McCullough: Yeah, so Erika first of all I would say that you know when we get down the performance metrics we have today are very, very well so any change from quarter-to-quarter even year-over-year at this point you know a tick up might noticeable but it’s still of a very low base. So I don’t read anything into the any quarterly variance or year-over-year grants, but there is some seasonality and we do tend to be a little bit of an uptick in the third quarter and there might be a very small impact from some of the TCPA charges ability to call on customers therefore why was impacted but only very slightly, so that might be a part of it. But overall we’re very pleased with these metrics. Obviously, overtime we could see an uptick in charge off as we move to the cycle, although we continue to originate very consistently. And so I think it would be in line with historical performance.
Mac McCullough: Yeah, Marty, we’re taking to look at that. Obviously, I think the hedges are very efficient in last couple of quarters with just given some of the volatility and rate changes and kind of that market place. So we’re talking to look at it, a strategy is there but we do feel confident in what we are doing. I just think the market has been a little, little volatile last few quarters.
Mac McCullough: So this actually is the first quarter on a year-over-year basis where we no longer have the impact of changes that we made for fair play. Back in July of 2014 was the last adjustment that we made that actually impacted us by $6 million a quarter. So we’re through that now and what you are actually seeing come true on that line is more reflective of the strength household growth that we’ve able to drive really since we introduced fair play. So that I think I think is a very positive sign around the success of the strategy and what we would expect going forward.
Mac McCullough: Hi Chris, see now, I don’t think if there is anything you should really read into that. I think we continue to see very positive growth on both consumer households and on the commercial side of the business, you know some really good growth on the commercial side. So I really don’t think there is anything you should read into that.
