Howell D. McCullough III: So, Ken, I think a number of things will impact going forward. I do think we're being more aggressive on asset pricing. We've increased pricing in indirect auto. We've increased pricing in boat and RV. We've increased pricing in residential mortgage and we continue to be very disciplined and appropriately priced on the commercial portfolio. So we continue to see good expansion there, in particular, as we take some of these pricing actions. I think on the liability side, given the CD strategy that we put in place in really the middle of the first quarter of this year, we did expect to see some accelerated deposit costs. We also expected to see the loan growth that we've been seeing. So we wanted to make sure that we got ahead of that with core funding. We feel very good about the product that we put on the books. We've had very, I would say, good reception from our customer base, good execution by the retail branches in terms of raising about $3 billion to-date. And we do think that longer term that's going to position us well as interest rates continue to rise. We should see this help us both with asset sensitivity and with the deposit beta as going forward.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah. So, we are not reinvesting into the security portfolio at this point in time. We're going to continue to run that down through the end of the year, basically not reinvesting cash flow. If you think about where we started the year to where we're going to end the year, the securities portfolio would be down about $1.8 billion. You need to cut through the noise because we do have some municipal loans that are counted as securities that are growing in that book. But basically, the pure investment security portfolio will be down $1.8 billion by the end of the year. We'll start to reinvest in 2019, but we're in really good shape from an LCR perspective right now and we're going to continue to run that down. We did issue some long-term debt. We did issue the $1.25 billion, $500 million of that was seven-year and $750 million was three-year. We did swap that to floating but we likely will have another issuance of debt later this year.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah. I think basically the ranges would allow us to calculate out to the range of the efficiency ratio based upon the mix of revenue and expense, feel very comfortable with the range that we provided across all those categories. We did tighten them somewhat significantly in this guidance. But basically, within those ranges, those are the efficiency ratios that we feel comfortable with.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah. I think that's the way to think about it. I mean, we likely were this tight in the range when you think about prior guidance.
Howell D. McCullough III: So, the 50% for 2018, feel very comfortable with that. That actually might be a little bit high but I would say not materially. And going forward, we continue to think that we're going to be continuing to see deposit betas increase. I'm just not sure at this point in the cycle as we think about the rate increases that are coming that we're going to see materially different performance when you think about incremental 50% in 2019 based upon the rate increases that we see coming through.
Howell D. McCullough III: So, Ken, we analyze the situation weekly. We spend a lot of time in ALCO, sub-ALCO, a lot of committees taking a look at the position, looking at different options that we can take. We basically made the call on the CD strategy in the first quarter because we became more convinced that we were going to see rates rise from here, more probable than what we might have thought in 2017, and started to put those deposits on, as I mentioned, because we also saw the loan growth coming at us. In terms of what we did with the debt swaps, we did contemplate taking those off earlier to become more asset-sensitive. We were doing other things along the way to become more asset-sensitive. In general, we feel pretty comfortable with where we are. We're about 6% and that's a 200-basis-point ramp. So we don't want to get ahead of the situation. We don't want to fall behind the situation but we feel very comfortable with where we are.
Howell D. McCullough III: So, we're targeting at 9% to 10% CET1. We have had better asset growth relative to what we submitted in the CCAR plan. So, on a risk-weighted asset basis, we're a little bit higher than what we expected but still very comfortable and very – I would say higher in that 9% to 10% range. I think we just have to continue to see how the economy progresses. I think we have to see what happens with the interest rate environment and make that decision as we take the various factors into consideration. We do think that our 9% to 10% CET1 target positions us well relative to the peer group. We do see the peer group bringing CET1 levels down. So we have to take all those things into consideration when we decide if we'll do that kind of in a midyear process.
Howell D. McCullough III: So, I'll start and maybe Steve or Dan want to add to it, but I think in the auto space, we're very well positioned with our customers who are the auto dealers. I mean we've been in this space for over 60 years. We provide a high level of service when you think about the response time, when you think about same-day funding. We do some things that other banks just don't do. And I think that really puts us in a very strong relationship position with those dealers. We're not changing our risk appetite as it relates to this business, we're super fine. And we do think that we can optimize the balance sheet, optimize revenue by increasing pricing in the indirect auto space and that's what we've been doing to the point where we don't need a securitization this year in order to stay our limits. So, we think that's just smart balance sheet and capital optimization. And we believe that we've got the pricing power and the relationships to be able to do that in the indirect auto space. But marine and RV, there really are six major players nationally in that business. It's probably not as dependent on technology as the indirect auto space might be. But again it comes down to the relationships that you have and be in there to be able to service those dealers. It's a space where we're going to continue to make investments and we'll likely bring some additional technology into that space, but we feel that just given our market share and given our position, we do have some pricing power. And part of it also is the level of customer service that we provide that allows the actions to take place.
Howell D. McCullough III: Thanks, Scott. Op: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yes. So we're basically somewhere between 19 and 26 months, and the rates between 2.20% and 2.50% (42:10) is the way to think about it. We are continuing with the campaign and the activity. And I would say we've been averaging about $600 million a month in production pretty consistently.
Howell D. McCullough III: Sure, Jon. So, I think we continue to be, I think, advantaged and strong in terms of household acquisition on the consumer side. There is some seasonality in the second quarter that actually worked against us but we continue to have good new account origination. I think that's a big driver of it. And I think also, being able to get deeper into the FirstMerit book of business has been helpful as well. But we haven't published statistics around OCR and some of the household acquisition that we've seen for a while but we continue to see good growth and good household acquisition.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yeah. Ricky, this is Dan. I would say that we still have a strong pipeline. I think our customer base, overall, is fairly optimistic. I think what you saw this quarter, we had good diversification in the various categories. If you recall, last year, corporate banking, they had big headwinds with bond issues taking out loans. I think that phenomenon has really led up and we're gaining some traction in the large corporate space. Some of our specialty businesses have had good results. Our energy book, which – our E&P book had always been very modest. It still is of a modest size, so we've had some good growth there because we like the structure and the pricing. Middle market has seen good growth. So, it's broad and it's diversified. And so, still very positive. Some headwinds out there, we believe, from the trade talk. While I don't think its impacted customers outlook yet that is something we're keeping an eye on.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yeah. So, given the size of the portfolio, we started very small, so there is room for growth, but we have established a concentration limit. And so, we like the business but the growth is going to be controlled. We're now in 34 states. I don't see that growing in the near-term. But when you look at what we're originating, very high FICO. The customer profile remains very strong. And so, we do have room to grow, but we have capped that growth internally.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yeah. So, I would say at this point, it is not impacting the pipelines, but obviously we'll have to watch the pull-through rate, and if sentiment changes, the longer this goes on. Right now, as I mentioned before, I think our customer base, they're monitoring the situation, they're cautionary, but still going ahead with plans that they've had in place for investment. So we haven't seen the impact at this point. I think the outlook still remains pretty positive.
Stephen D. Steinour: There's also Federal Reserve action, Ken, that's expected as a result of the recent legislation for banks our size. And the timetable for that's not clear but it's intended to be within 18 months. Hopefully it's sooner and that'll give us some guidance.
Stephen D. Steinour: I do think it's a restraining factor in terms of the economic potential in our footprint. It was surprising to me to see our jobs availability being higher than every other region of the country, Jon. And so that underlying strength and the potential makes me bullish long-term, but clearly, it's holding us back at some level.
Stephen D. Steinour: We are clearly building long-term shareholder value with this top quartile financial performance, combined with strong risk management and our execution of our strategies. And then we had a strong first half for the year, good growth, clean credit, high-quality earnings, and we believe we're well positioned for the remainder of the year and beyond. So, finally, I'd always like to include a reminder that there's a high level of alignment between the board, management and our colleagues and shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively the seventh largest shareholder of Huntington and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington today. We appreciate you joining us and have a great day.
