Steve Steinour: Thank you, Mac. Turning to slide 17, our fair play banking philosophy, coupled with our optimal customer relationship, or OCR disciplines, continue to drive new customer growth and improve product penetration. This slide illustrates the continued upward trend in consumer checking account households. Over the last year, consumer checking account households grew by 100,000 households, or 8%. During the second quarter, the annualized growth rate was almost 10%, illustrating that our momentum is sustained. The strategy is not just about market share gains, but also gains in share of wallet. We continue to focus on increasing the number of products and services we provide to these customers and the corresponding revenue. Our OCR cross-sell measure of six or more products and services improved to almost 49% this quarter, up more than 200 basis points from a year ago. Our consumer checking account household revenue is up 7% year over year. Turning to slide 18, while the chart on this slide appears to show a plateau in our acquisition of new commercial relationships over the past couple of quarters, I would remind you that we expected this to occur, as it ties directly to some changes we made in our business banking checking products, which have and will accelerate the closing of about 10,000 lower balance business checking accounts over the course of this year. Our underlying growth of new business customers remains strong. We also continue to progress in the deepening of our commercial relationships. The percentage of commercial customers with cross-sell of four plus products or services now exceeds 41%, an improvement of approximately 500 basis points from a year ago. Our commercial relationship revenue is up 18% year over year. Turning to slide 19, our expectations for the second half of the year remain similar to what we laid out in January, after accounting for seasonality. Our local economies continue to recover and confidence has improved among our customers, particularly business. Competition remains challenging and we've seen some moderation in the pull-through rates from pipeline to booking, but we expect continued success in commercial and auto lending to drive overall loan growth, as pipelines remain robust. Our recent investments in specialty lending verticals continue to mature, and our commitment to middle market and small business remains a cornerstone of the Company. Auto loan origination volumes are strong, although new money yields continue to compress modestly, recently in the range of 2.9%. We are continuing to monitor the securitization markets, as we've said before, and we'll look to use it as a tool to manage our overall concentration. We'll continue to reinvest cash flows from investment securities into LCR-compliant, high-quality liquid assets. The NIM is expected to remain under pressure, but we expect net interest income to grow as earning asset growth more than offsets the NIM compression. Non interest income, excluding the net MSR impact, is expected to remain near the second quarter's level. This includes the previously disclosed $6 million quarterly negative impact from a change in our consumer checking products that we will implement later this month. We also expect non interest expense, excluding one-time items, will remain near the second quarter's reported level. We will continue to look for ways to reduce expenses, while not impacting our previously announced growth strategies, or our high level of customer service. On the credit front, nonperforming assets are expected to experience continued improvement. We expect net charge-offs will remain in or below our long-term expected range of 35 to 55 basis points, while provision was below our long-term expectation during this past quarter. Both are expected to continue to experience modest changes, given their absolute low levels. Turning to slide 20, as you can see, we're off to a solid start in terms of operating leverage for 2014, and we are committed to positive operating leverage for the full year. Year to date, adjusted total revenue is up about 3%. Adjusted expenses were up less than 1%. We remain focused on this metric. We still have a lot of work to do over the second half of the year, but I'm pleased with our year-to-date progress. With that, I turn it back over to Todd.
Steve Steinour: We have said now for probably a year and a half that we have a concentration limit on auto, and as we continue to grow, we don't plan, at least at this point, to change that concentration limit. That would take us to loan securitizations, one or more, in 2015. We're viewing the market now and our lending is robust. There is the possibility we could do something the second half of this year.Steven Alexopoulos – JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Okay.
Steve Steinour: No, we'll see that, for sure. Sales have been so good in the second quarter, that seasonal decline may have even advanced a little bit in the second quarter.Steven Alexopoulos – JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: We've been consistent with the model over the years, Bill, so that the predictability of this has been quite strong. Even though we've expanded and our volumes are up, both the proprietary model and the FICO, when we show you the FICO, give us confidence in the performance.Bill Carcache – Nomura Asset Management:  That's very helpful. Thank you. If I may, with a follow up, do you foresee any implications for the securitization markets as we approach the point where the Fed begins to withdraw liquidity from the system? If you could talk about what kind of impact you expect to your deposit base? That would be great.
Steve Steinour: Bill, our strategies were launched in 2009. We've had a run of where we've been emphasizing share of wallet, deep relationships. A lot of our penetration of our customer base, involves multiple deposit related on the consumer side, like debit products. We think we've got a very sticky base. We continue to emphasize share of wallet, and the objectives around that historically were extending the average life of deposits. We have been at it for years. We look at our larger deposits, and we are fairly unconcentrated. We've been, in the context of LCR, shifting our deposit mix further as it relates to the collateralized deposits, to government entities and others over the last year and a half. We think we're in very good shape.Bill Carcache – Nomura Asset Management:  Great. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Just strong second quarters and inventory positioning. It's not a huge reduction for us. I think it's just an advance of the season.Bob Ramsey – FBR & Co.: Okay. Alright. Thank you, guys.
Steve Steinour: No, not really. Our consumer relationships are up 8% year-over-year and 9% link-quarter annualized. We have a first-mover advantage. We have a very, very well recognized market-leading product with one-of-a-kind features with 24-hour grades. We think we've got plenty of running room going forward.
Steve Steinour: It has several benefits for us. One is it drives more efficiency through the system by having an imaged capability. As you know, we're completing, this quarter, a branch image-capture system, so our item processing will be very substantially reduced as a consequence. It also, importantly, put us in a position to make adjustments to how we process and handle cutoff times. We will be more of an industry leader around cutoff times as we move forward post implementation.Terry McEvoy – Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Great. Thanks, Steve.
Steve Steinour: It will be something we'll communicate, if not late this year, then early next year. I would view it as enhanced execution, for sure, and maybe a few newer thoughts, but certainly not revolutionary.Chris Mutascio – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Steve Steinour: We've invested a lot in our capabilities in small business, our middle market, and our specialty verticals, which are substantially focused on in-region activity. There's been a consistent growth throughout Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, our footprint markets. We've been able to, obviously, take some market share along the way. We invested early in 2010 in starting to expand these capabilities as others were pulling back, so just like auto where we invested in a contrarian fashion, we got in early. The businesses are doing well. Remember, we're in more of a manufacturing center of the country; manufacturing's doing well. There's more on-shoring than off-shoring. We have great other factors, like low-cost gas coming into play. So, the states themselves are very well run fiscally. Multiple years of billion dollar plus or minus surpluses translating into lower taxes, so very attractive, much more competitive than they were historically. I think we're in the early innings of that game. There are a lot of foundational elements in place here for us to continue to be able to see businesses grow and prosper. We will retain that focus and I think be a winner as the economies continue to grow in our footprint.
Steve Steinour: We've said before, we don't have anything else planned. There's an expectation that we will continue to be market leading in terms of consumer growth, and so I don't foresee anything that we have to do. There may be something we choose to do here or there, but I don't foresee anything that we have to do.John Arfstrom – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: We think the market is strong, and the gain on sale has clearly come in. I don't know if it's an equivalent $1 billion securitization of a full-in paper as 50%, 60%, 70%, somewhere in that range of what it had been. That may continue to move around a little bit, hopefully strengthens.Steven Alexopoulos – JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Okay. That's helpful. Just one other one. Steve, following up on all the comments about increased confidence, can you specifically talk about what you're seeing from small business? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: There's much more small business activity this year than we saw through the first half of 2013. The economies, the town, cities, communities that we work in, are all doing better, and some of them have been doing well for a number of years. But if you think about the important market for us like Cleveland, you've had a couple of pretty significant shots in the arm in the last few weeks. That, if anything, just continues to bolster confidence. Again, the cities are doing better. There's a great downtown revitalization going on in Cincinnati. There's one under way in Cleveland. I'm very bullish about Detroit as it comes through this bankruptcy. We like our geography a lot. We believe we've got an important role. We're at the cross roads of a lot of the opportunities in these important geographies for further growth. I think we're well positioned in that regard.Steven Alexopoulos – JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: In summary, we're very pleased with our performance in the second quarter, as our strategies and execution drove strong results. There's market acceptance of our value proposition, our best-in-class service, our convenience, and our Fair Play philosophy. You can see this as we continue to gain market share and share of wallet. We're seeing good customer activity and our local economies to recover and strengthen. It's demonstrated by our 9% average loan growth this quarter. We produced high percent revenue growth and 9% net income growth in a challenging environment. We recognized the interest rate environment and competitive pressures are not going to way overnight, so we have work yet to do to finish out the year as strongly as it's begun. We remain committed to delivering positive operating leverage for the full year through top-line revenue growth and disciplined expense management. Finally, our Board and our Management team, we're all long-term shareholders, so we're focused on driving long-term performance. I want to thank you for your interest in Huntington and your participation on the call today. Have a great day.
Mac McCullough: Erika, hi, this is Mac. Thanks for the question. We are comfortable, as we said, with taking a look at the second quarter run rate excluding one-time items and thinking about that as a base going forward. We do have a number of items that will impact the expense related to the growth initiatives around technology investments and those types of things going forward as well. We're comfortable working both sides of the equation on the efficiency ratio. Clearly, revenue is going to be a focus. We continue to look for opportunities to become more productive as well. Generally, we're going to continue to make the right investments to grow the top line, but understand that it's important to drive operating leverage and that clearly is going to be the focus going forward.Erika Najarian – BofA Merrill Lynch:
Mac McCullough: We feel like we're really well positioned for LCR. We got ahead of this late last year. If you take a look at the investment security portfolio, it's up 28% year-over-year. We've got about $100 million a month that's maturing and we're putting back into the right type of product in the investment security portfolio.  So I think to the extent we see earning asset going forward, growth, it will come in the loan portfolio. There might be modest increases in investment securities, but we do feel that we're pretty well positioned there.Erika Najarian – BofA Merrill Lynch:
Mac McCullough: I would say, Scott, I'm very pleased with where we are and how we came through last year's process. What I do know from my previous experience is that this is a journey and that we're going to continue to see the bar raised. I think the important thing is that we know where to focus as we think about 2015, and I think we know what we need to do. I feel very good about the progress that Huntington has made and where we are on the process.Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Okay. That's perfect. I appreciate all the color, guys.
Mac McCullough: Ken, this is Mac. Really, I don't think there's anything unusual in what's here. Obviously, we've had some one-time items related to the acquisitions, and we continue to make the investments and recognize the expense related to the historic investments. Again, I think where we're at in the second quarter represents a good run rate, thinking about removing the one-time items.
Mac McCullough: I think from a net interest income perspective, we will see growth. It will be driven entirely by earning asset growth, because the NIM will be under pressure. We'll continue to see repricing on the C&I book and that will be the primary source of that pressure. The earning asset growth, based on the robust pipelines that we see in C&I and continued strength in auto lending, will drive the net interest income growth offset by margin pressure.
Mac McCullough: It's Mac. Given our business model in the auto business, I think given the quality of our portfolio where the FICO is in that 765 range, on a credit-adjusted basis, we really are performing extremely well. You take a look at the history, even through the cycle, our losses have been stellar. If you take a look at it today with 16 basis points of net charge-offs against the yield we're receiving on that portfolio, given the environment, that's actually attractive relative to other alternatives. So, I'm not sure we're seeing a turn in terms of quality as it relates to our portfolio on a go-forward basis. We're comfortable with the net risk-adjusted yield given the environment and our business model.
Mac McCullough: It's Mac. We have a very large, stable retail deposit base that we feel very comfortable with in our rising rate environment. We also have fairly low dependence on large commercial deposits, if you take a look at it from a granularity perspective. We are looking, obviously, at different products and different opportunities that we would take advantage of in a rising rate environment. We do feel like we're positioned well, given the nature of our deposit base and the makeup of our retail versus wholesale funding.
Mac McCullough: It's Mac. This is primarily related to the concentration limits. We've been growing that portfolio very nicely. Again, we're very pleased with the growth and the portfolio itself. Moving to securitization later this year, definitely in 2015, will be all about concentration.
Mac McCullough: Chip, it's Mac. I would say that if you take a look at the current rate environment and expectations in the marketplace, we're probably looking fourth quarter, first quarter in terms of starting to see some of that take place. It does depend on what's happening from a competition perspective, obviously. It's competitive on the C&I market space, and we're going to continue to see repricing, but we'll also see competitive pressures impacting that margin as well.
