ZachWasserman: Yes, thanks, Scott. Great question. Overall, as I noted in my prepared remarks, just really, really pleased with our delivery of the cost synergies and the trajectory. And I'm not going to give you specific guidance. But I would say that we do expect sequential reduction each quarter and for the next couple of quarters for that to be a larger amount, in the double digit millions is likely the level you could think about. But in the end, what I'd point you to is the overall expense guidance that I've given, which is net of the cost synergies and the investments that we're making to self fund those revenue synergy investments into generally drive revenue growth across the business. So slightly more front loaded driving sequential growth throughout the balance of the next five quarters.
ZachWasserman: Yes, it's a great question. Let me elaborate a bit more. I think as we talked at the Barclays Investor Conference in September, I noted, I expect to see some modest growth between then and the end of Q3. And that's ultimately what we deliver and really pleased with that. I would characterize the growth we're expecting for Q4 as well to be modest. So we do expect growth, likely modest, I think, it's really driven by the continuation of the factors we've seen for the last several quarters. And we noted a bit in the prepared remarks, that is really strong calling activity and pipelines driving continued robustly production and commercial and, quite a bit of momentum in business banking, and then in the consumer space, continued strength in residential mortgage, and auto and RV marine continued to perform pretty well also. The other thing I would say is, now that we have the conversion behind us, that we've gotten, we're able to now focus 1000s of colleagues on growth. And so we do expect the modest growth as we go into Q4 and then continuing and frankly accelerating as we go on throughout the course of next year as well.
ZachWasserman: Yes, great question, Ebrahim. I think Q4 should be remained relatively elevated. Similar to the levels we've seen, overall, taking a step back overall, our outlook for the merger related costs will be guided back in December at the time of the announcement was $890 million. And we continued to expect it to be relatively near that level. So I think the timing of that we've seen more than $500 million at this point through this quarter. And so we'll see a bit more come in Q4, and then likely a last bit in Q1, perhaps a tiny bit trailing into Q2, and then by the end of Q2, essentially it should be done.
ZachWasserman: Yes, we're most sensitive to the, first of all, thanks for your question, Bill, this is Zack, we are most sensitive to the two to four arrange within -- two to four year range within the yield curve to give you a sense. And, look, I think we're going to benefit here as rates move up, irrespective of the steepening but certainly we do, we'd appreciate it if that two to four range continue to move up, as it has been doing and as in our continued expectation, and we're positioning to benefit from that, as I noted in some of my preferred remarks, by driving incremental asset sensitivity, and to give you a sense that the average duration of our current delta hedging portfolio was one and a half years versus the almost five years for the duration of our pay fix swaps little bit of benefit as we start to rise. So I think we're positioned now in the quarter by more than a point of asset sensitivity, as I noted and we'll look to be dynamic to improve that even as we go forward.
ZachWasserman: Yes, it's a terrific question, and certainly something that we watch very, very carefully. I would say full stop, we feel great about our liquidity levels, and we think we're managing exceptionally well. But the cash -- the Fed is a key area that we watch very, very carefully. And so we're, I would say I would characterize our approaches is intentionally incremental, watching the behaviors in our clients and deposit holding activities and seeking to kind of optimize incrementally period by period as more information comes out, as we've guided for a couple of quarters now, we expected to add to the securities portfolio and I think in the last quarter, we mentioned a number $4 billion we completed that during the third quarter, we'll see where it goes from here. I do if liquidity trends continue, as we expect, I also expect that we will add some additional securities in the fourth quarter. We're currently at about 22% securities as a percentage of assets. And we'd be comfortable that rose modestly over time here, given the acceptable returns we're seeing and the fact that the accretive to NIM versus holding on cash, but as you noted that the priority is funding growth. And so we'll take a very much incremental approach watching both trends. 
ZachWasserman: Sure. Yes, thanks for the question, Ken. So fully reported NIM came into 2.90%. And excluding PAA as you know it was to 2.81%. So it was a few basis points lower than we expected, my prior guidance had been sort of just a few basis points lower than 2.90%. And it came in ultimately 2.81% so a bit lower than that. The two biggest drivers of that were the things we've just talked about in the last question actually interestingly, elevated Fed cash contributed several basis points additional drag in the quarter than we had previously expected. And we did accelerate the purchase of our securities, which also impacted the mix and drove yields lower generally, spreads was spot on our expectation overall, at a core loan level. Look, I think what I would tell you is going forward, I'm expecting stable from these levels, it'll be a function of what happens with the elevated liquidity and Fed cash and the rate environment, but generally stable from these levels is a fair assumption. And our key focus at this point is trying to drive net interest income dollars, that $1,085 million of net interest income, excluding DAA excluding PPP, given the sequential loan growth that we're projecting, given that rate stability my expectation is we're going to grow those dollars into Q4 and grow them throughout 2022.
ZachWasserman: You're spot on, Ken. So as Steve noted in his prepared remarks, we'll continue to optimize the network, dynamically manage expenses, ensure that we can invest to capture those really powerful revenue synergies, and overall, the guidance I gave on expenses is net of all those things. And ultimately, we're, what this is all driving toward is achieving our moderate term financial targets that we talked about over time the 17% return on capital, the revenue growth, accelerating positive operating leverage, needed to drive to that in the second half of '22.
ZachWasserman: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. And I think you noted in your question, and I will repeat to that, I'm not going to give you the specific guidance, but I will try to characterize to answer your question. I think next year's financials are going to be challenging to look at from a year-over-year growth perspective and to some degree to calculate that metric just given the continued two quarters of grow over impact of adding the TCF business but we do expect full year positive operating leverage in total. And the big thing that we're very focused on is driving to the point where the momentum coming into the second half of the year, and then certainly exiting the year is on the levels that we've targeted for those moderate on targets. And so at that point, as we sort of get into a clean year-over-year growth period to be able to see it better. And, look, it won't be dynamic, as we always have been to ensure that we can modulate the expenses, given where revenue is trending, while continue to invest in, my expectation is we'll see solid positive operating leverage, but not going to characterize the level specifically at this point.
ZachWasserman: Yes. Significantly, we are going to drive toward that I would note that the efficiency ratio is sort of an outcome, frankly. And the most important metrics are revenue growth, return on capital positive operating numbers that we're driving to. But efficiency is a key metric. And so we are watching it carefully. My expectation at this point is sort of during the second half of the year, we will see those emerge. We're still doing some of the budgeting to modulate the precision with respect to quarters, but certainly, I think by the second half of the year, and the exit run rate of Q4 is my expectation.
ZachWasserman: Yes, I think as we've talked about a bit over time. Interestingly, each of the three major kinds of line businesses that we've got auto inventory and general motor market, each of them represented roughly $2 billion opportunities, when those utilization rates return to normalize pre-COVID levels. So that sort of gives you an order of magnitude, the trends we're seeing at this point in auto, we're down a couple more percentage points of three to be precise between the end of Q2, and the end of Q3 to 25%. At this point, I'm seeing relative stability in the auto floor plan business, to some degree, some of the chip issues and other supply change issues produce some incremental pressure, we're also getting some defined and no new commitments and some term debt into those businesses such that my expectation is relatively flat in that space. And interestingly, inventory finance has similar opportunities or creating some very known plan uses of those lines, so expects stability, perhaps even a modest uptick, actually into Q4 and that the general rental market should continue to be flat here for the time being, however, I am going to answer your question, but I would pulling back a second, I would just highlight that it's our planning expectation at this point, that the totality of these lines will be relatively flat throughout the course of '22. There could well be an opportunity to get to that. But at this point, for planning purposes, we're trying to zero that out. But we still expect pretty good loan growth. And I think that's really just pointing back to the robust new production activity that we're seeing. So this could be ultimately the tailwind and we do expect over time it will be and the headwind nature, as largely moderated that's why we expected general to flat.
ZachWasserman: Yes, it's a great question. And upon conversion that we completed over the Columbus Day weekend all the TCF customers are now on to the Huntington products, the platform and all of our fair play product dynamics. And so we will expect to see a modestly lower trajectory for that line into Q4. Overall, over the longer term, we feel great about the conversion to the fair play business as we've talked about a lot. And this is a play we have run many times and we're very confident in the returns that are generated. Typically, the dynamic is sort of a higher degree of fee, income reduction in the early periods, offset over time by incremental deepening and incremental acquisition in the market from those products, generally about an 18 month payback. And so sort of the dynamic we're expecting to see a bit lower into Q4 and then climb back and paying back over that kind of roughly a year and a half period.
ZachWasserman: Yes. This is Zack. I'll take that one, Jon. I think we're being pretty dynamic on it. We had a very intentional plan going into the third quarter, as we noted in the July call to accelerate in front load. And we felt great about the $500 million; I think we're going to likely continue to be somewhat front loaded with a balance of that here in Q4 and as we go into Q1, but still working through it. And I think, looking to be dynamic as we do that.
ZachWasserman: Yes, I would say they were quite modest in the third quarter. I think if you think about the cost savings, they came largely from ultimately branch rationalization, employee level of reductions, technology, synergies importing the TCF business essentially onto the Huntington tech stack. And that's sort of a long tail of other savings, including a number of vendor and sourcing related opportunities that come with some increased scale and for the most part, most of those really were beginning to be executed on during the third quarter with sort of effect more into the fourth. And as we go into the first quarter, the decisions around them and the planning and actions necessary to achieve them have essentially all been completed. And now we're in the execution mode of just realizing them. So not much, I guess is the long winded answer in the third quarter, more substantively, the fourth quarter, which is partially why we're talking about sort of a larger step down in the fourth quarter than we thought before. And then if we go into the first quarter, so yet again, a similar level of step down is my current expectation, then a bit of a more of an asymptotic function, as you get into Q3, and Q4, but still stepping down.
ZachWasserman: It's kind of like a half life function; I would tell you over the next three quarters, we're expecting roughly 50% of the PPP to reduce into the fourth quarter. And then roughly 50% of that reducing into the first and then yet again into the second. These are planning assumptions I've given you, you should -- we should note that it's pretty dynamic. And the SBA to their credit has been accelerating forgiveness quite substantively recently. And so these numbers move around from a planning perspective, that's essentially the kind of outlook function that we've got.
SteveSteinour: Ebrahim, we've done two larger bank combinations in 12 years, so I not really think we're like the characterization is apt but beyond that, as we've said before, our focus is on driving the core performance. We think we have tremendous revenue upside here. We've got Greenfield opportunities for a number of businesses in Denver, and certainly the Twin Cities, we've got a scale that we've never had in Chicago. Frankly, we've got density in Michigan, that's significant to us. So we're very focused on driving revenue and getting the benefits of that part of the combination equation. We've done a few non bank things in the past, I'd say more likely over the next years, possibly to do some of that. But our focus, our entire focus is on driving the core.
SteveSteinour: Steve, a great question. This is Steve. This is a funny quarter because of the holidays interrupting so we'll have very good asset finance origination, but we've had a substantial effort around the conversion. We've had 800 ambassadors out in our different business lines for a couple of weeks. We pulled in at sort of peak production moments, a lot of the talents of focus on making sure we got a great conversion, and we think we did. So it's harder to do new business between Thanksgiving and yearend, if it's not already in the pipeline. So we're talking about another three, three and a half, four weeks max, for the pipeline. Now the pipelines are up. As we indicated, they're up year-over-year; they're up quarter-over-quarter sequentially. So that's contributing to the bullishness. But it's an odd quarter to be driving it. We're very optimistic about what, how this will translate then for full year '22 as we go forward. We have some great capabilities that have come to us with TCF and we've already put in place, much of the management and a number of the RMs and other revenue producers that we are looking to do in the Twin Cities in Denver, and increasingly in Chicago. So the pieces are coming together very nicely and I have scheduled and that's also contributing to the optimism.
SteveSteinour: Just the sheer amount of activity has required substantial efforts and resources during the course of the year. So we would expect to see a very modest decline in customer set. And frankly, it could -- we could be flat, but we wouldn't expect to see an increase. With respect to the TCF, the new branches from TCF and our colleagues who are new from TCF they are embracing fair play and the products that, what we saw during the conversion was just outstanding efforts with our customers. And so we're very encouraged, it will take maybe a couple of quarters, but it won't take a couple of years in order to get that customer service level added equivalency in those newer branches. We're very, very pleased. We got a great group of colleagues who have joined us from TCF.
SteveSteinour: John, I'll start this, this is Steve, Rich and Zack may choose to add but the supply chain issues continue to be a challenge, you're seeing some OEMs ship and deliver without chips. Even some of the autos are doing that. But we've got auto dealers with no new inventory allot. It's shocking. To illustrate the challenges here. And as I think you saw with the Ford and GM earnings announcements, expectations that are going to go deepen in the next year before it gets normalized. So that's why Zach's earlier comment is we're not counting on utilization, normalization in inventory, finance or auto to be a tailwind next year. If it happens, that's great. Now, we do see supply chain issues getting resolved or getting to a resolution over time. And would expect that to continue, again through next year, maybe even a little bit beyond depending on the industry. But there's a lot of activity and footprint about fueling and additional manufacturing capabilities with adjacency in North America, including in the footprint states that we're in. So we like how this sets up over time in terms of additional opportunity for us and we're bullish, but we clearly have both a supply chain and a labor issue in virtually every business that's out there today.
SteveSteinour: No, I mean the absolute amount is solid at that level. And we're kind of within rounding errors higher than that. So nothing overly substantive that I would call out, I pointed to for nine years. That's the number Huntington achieve and it's got --
SteveSteinour: David, great questions, we put 24 hour  more than a decade ago. And that continues to this day, we opened it up last year for small business. And we're continuing to do certain things to help our customers stand by cash is a classic example of that. There's no limit to the use of that, those funds with our customers, we put up a minimum of $50 in last year for an overdraft, and we call that safety zone. So we have been continuously over time working to benefit our customers as part of this fair play banking philosophy. We tend to be very strong on a relative basis in terms of customer acquisition as a constant quench of the different features and functions on our checking products. And that's ameliorated both the revenue give up over the last decade or so, very, very substantially. As Zack pointed out, they'll be a bit of a step down in the fourth quarter and for a couple of quarters thereafter for the TCF customers, but they're going to get the same advantage of products and services that all of our previously existing customers have as well. So and it will accompany our expectation around both customer retention and customer acquisition. It's hard to, it's -- I can't speculate unlike regulators they do. But we've, again, we've been trying to do things help consumers and businesses for quite some time. Not just with overdraft fees, but other types of fee elimination reductions, those requirements, we've put a new alert system in that regard, a year and a half ago. So there are a lot of tools available to help customer manage their money, budget, et cetera and avoid overdraft fees.
