Stephen Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We're pleased to announce our fourth quarter results, which Zach will detail later. These results are again supported by our colleagues across the bank, who live our purpose every day as we make people's lives better, help businesses thrive and strengthen the communities we serve. Now on to Slide 4. There are five key messages we want to leave you with today. First, we are leveraging our position of strength and executing on our strategic growth initiatives. We are well-positioned to benefit during times like these. We managed our capital levels to enable us to accelerate initiatives during 2023 and support continued growth. We added key specialty verticals in Commercial Banking and expanded into the Carolinas. Second, we outperformed on both deposits and loans throughout the year. Our colleagues are acquiring new customers and deepening our existing customer relationships. Importantly, we delivered this growth, while effectively managing our deposit beta. Third, we expect to modestly expand net interest income as we manage the challenges of the interest rate cycle and are driving increased fee revenues. Fourth, we are rigorously managing credit across our portfolios, consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Credit trends are normalizing as expected, and we continue to believe we will outperform the industry on credit through the cycle. Finally, we remain intently focused on our core strategies. Huntington remained resilient through the events of 2023, emerging as one of the strongest regional banks. We maintained our disciplined execution and we expect to grow earnings over the course of 2024 and continuing into 2025 and beyond. I will move us on to Slide 5 to recap our performance in 2023. Huntington delivered solid results over the course of the year against a challenging backdrop. While the banking sector faced headwinds early in the year, Huntington emerged as a secular winner, gaining new customers, adding over $3 billion of deposit growth and further bolstering our capital. We also increased loans by $2.5 billion for the full-year or 2%, while driving capital ratios higher. We expect the pace of loan growth to accelerate in 2024. We added to our revenue base primarily as net interest income increased by 3.3% for the full-year. We maintained our leadership in customer satisfaction and digital capabilities, having again been awarded the number-one ranking by JD Power for both categories. We remained focused on executing our strategies, including growing consumer primary bank relationships by 3%. Additionally, we completed the realignment of business segments. We also delivered on efficiency initiatives, including Operation Accelerate, the voluntary retirement program, staffing efficiencies, business process offshoring and branch and other real estate consolidations. We were nimble and opportunistic, adding key talent this past year, with the addition of three new specialty commercial banking verticals. We also expanded our commercial and regional bank into the Carolinas, adding experienced teams in these attractive and high-growth markets. Additionally, we further strengthened our balance sheet and drove capital ratios higher over the course of the year. We're getting ahead of proposed industry requirements. And finally, credit was managed exceptionally well with full-year net charge-offs of 23 basis points. Moving to Slide 6. Looking ahead to 2024, we have a clear set of objectives. We will leverage our position of strength to increase growth of both deposits and loans. This outlook will result in accelerated revenue growth and is further bolstered by fee opportunities. This posture, coupled with our dynamic balance sheet management and hedging programs is expected to benefit the revenue and profitability outlook for 2024 and further expand into 2025 and beyond. This aligns with the improving macro backdrop, the higher probability of continued GDP growth and the avoidance of a hard landing. While we deliver this accelerated growth, we will continue to maintain our aggregate moderate-to-low-risk appetite. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Stephen Steinour: Erika, this is Steve, I'll start with that because you've asked a broader history. And then secondly -- so first, we do think the discipline on our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite, which has been in place now for 14 years has been a [indiscernible] and it has helped us as we've decided with this just to pursue and whatnot to see. With that in mind, we've been very purposeful and strategic about growing these businesses. And you saw at the Investor Day a mid-teens rate of growth in like a specialty banking. So we have a very strong middle market core banking set of capabilities. We have a tremendous amount of small business capabilities and capacity. We have market density in Ohio on small business and we're achieving that now in other states. So the core sort of regional banking franchise is performing very-very well. When you add to that these specialties that have been put in place, just three new ones last year, which by the way they're all off to a terrific starts. And then the expansion. We've been in like Dallas and Charlotte for a decade or more. When we see opportunities, we then pursue them. An example of that is in the Carolinas, where we believe we've got fantastic group of new colleagues coming to us with teams in to some -- just outstanding people who we've been following for years and it all came together. We were investing, others were not and there was some moment to be dynamic. In addition to that, we still have opportunities in these TCF markets. We are doing incredibly well in Michigan, but I would say, we're early-stage still in Chicago, the Twin Cities and Denver. And we like those markets, each of those margins. So we believe with the investments we made in specialty banking, the core regional bank performing well with opportunity, we've got lots of growth potential in the next few years, and that's where the -- I didn't talk about the asset finance business. So our distribution finance business is a horse. They had a phenomenal year last year. Our auto business is one of our best businesses. We've got one of the really terrific teams in that area and Floorplan has done very, very well in terms of its growth as well. So lots of growth options. The equipment finance more broadly, a lot of growth options in that, and we're seeing that through the cycle. And so, we believe we're poised to outperform and budget it and expect our colleagues to do so in the coming years. This is -- I can just talk on two things. First of all, thanks for the compliment on the guidance and all the credit to our terrific Investor Relations team. But just, one thing I would add on top of that is, we were pretty purposeful about staying on a growth footing across the board, and importantly, in terms of the financial resources and investment that we're putting against our core growth opportunities. And recognize that the net outcome of that, including some of the other things that we wanted to do in terms of data automation capabilities, would result in an overall expense growth that was higher than we would want to have relative to revenue growth, higher than we would typically target. And it certainly was something we discussed at length, as you know. But we took that view purposely and recognized it was contrarian, because in our view, the long-term earnings potential of staying in that growth posture is so much more advantageous than worry to have really significantly rationed back investments and expenses. And so, a bit of short-term challenge with respect to operating that will yield very significantly better earnings growth trajectory through the course of 2024 and 2025, the earnings outlook looks exceptionally strong as well. So just to tap on Steve's point, I think the whole system is really working and [indiscernible] results here.
Stephen Steinour: Good morning, John. On the capital front, I know your CET1 increased nicely, about 15 basis points to 10.25 basis points in the fourth quarter. Just as you look at their trajectory here and your outlook for earnings and capital, organic capital generation, how are you thinking about potentially ramping up buybacks and capital return overall? Thank you.
Stephen Steinour: And John, as Zach shared with you in the third quarter call, we are advancing as if the pending capital requirements are in place. So we're building capital now that will meet those requirements should they be adopted.
Stephen Steinour: Well, that's a series of questions, John. I'll try to answer them, but I may miss on one aspect. Let's just back up for a moment. We had three idiosyncratic banks fail. And you've seen the rest of the industry sort of adjust and adapt and respond very quickly. And the core strength of the industry, I don't think, is in question now. For us, we believe in having a very focused, disciplined, and broadly diversified set of businesses. And we've been able to build those and achieve that posture, and it has served us very, very well as we've seen in the second half of last year and continuing to this year. So we're very bullish on our ability to organically grow and expect -- and that's our focus. We'll continue to do that. You may see further announcements from us this year in terms of organic growth moves. And I expect that we will continue to be maybe a bit contrarian, but agile as we continue to advance. We think we have tremendous opportunities already in the business lines that we have. So in terms of scale, I think the regulatory response is in reaction to those three failures, is raising questions about how much [indiscernible] will the industry or banks will benefit from in the industry over time. The expectations have clearly increased, as they should. And we are investing in our risk management platform. I think I shared on the third quarter call, for example, we will have much better intraday visibility of [indiscernible] in the near term as a consequence. There are a series of things like this that we're addressing. Now, I don't know the -- we've been investing in risk management since I arrived in 2009. So I don't know how we compare -- really compare to other banks. We've always viewed the stress test results where we've been top quartile or even leading in terms of the portfolio stresses by the regulators as a barometer. And it looks like that was a very good measure, at least at this point. So we're not anticipating a change in posture at this stage. We don't feel compelled. We have to do something. And yet, at the same time, should there be opportunities somewhere in the future, we take a look. But it has to be in a risk-adjusted context that makes sense to us. And I don't see that activity in 2014. I think we've got a tremendous amount of core growth to deliver and we're excited by that.
Stephen Steinour: So, Nate, it’s Steve. The charge-offs -- gross charge-offs in Q3 and Q4 were $2 million apart. It was very, very similar. The difference was in all of their coverings. The pre-portfolio is performing very well. The office portfolio has had minimal losses, 23 bips for the year. Q1 charge-offs is outstanding. We're very pleased with how the performance has occurred, and we're confident going forward. Thanks for the question.
Stephen Steinour: Well, we've had growth last year of 2%. If anything, I think the signal from the Fed pivot will foster further loan growth for the industry. We are in an advanced position. And so, we'll capture a share from that, but we also have these specialty banking initiatives in the Carolinas, and they begin with no portfolio, so there's no prepayment, repayment risk, obviously, and that's all net long-run, but those groups are off to terrific starts. We're very, very pleased with the quality of the colleagues who've been able to attract to Huntington, and I'm quite confident in our teams, both the core teams that they'll deliver in our footprint, the speciality banking teams. And frankly, our consumer lending teams are outstanding as well. So as we come into the year, we've got momentum and we're going to continue to invest in these businesses and that cumulatively should help us achieve or even exceed the goals.
Stephen Steinour: The markets have -- broadly speaking, we're talking about 11, 12 states that were in with our network. But here in Columbus, which is what you're referring with the [Intel] (ph) plant. That plant is well under construction, and the supply chain commitments will largely be made, we think, this year as they move towards opening in the following year. So we have some unusual factors that are strengthening the outlook here in greater Columbus. And we have very, very significant market share here and lead by a lot in most categories. But it will also benefit the broader region. And that's one of just many sectors that have chosen the Midwest. Think about batteries from East Michigan, Ann Arbor, through Columbus, and some of the announcements last year, including the Honda joint venture here in greater Columbus on the battery front. There's a lot of investment that's being made in the core footprint, all of which will generate economic benefit for the industry, and certainly for us with our leadership position in many of these areas. Thanks for the question.
Stephen Steinour: So I think we're hitting the top of the hour. I'm just going to wrap. I want to thank you very much for joining us today. In closing, we're pleased with the fourth quarter results as we dynamically manage through this environment. We believe we're well positioned. Investments we made in 2023 will further drive revenue growth in 2024 and beyond. Our focus is on driving core revenue growth, carefully managing expenses to support investments in the business, and growing loans consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. The management team is focused on executing our strategies that we previously shared. And as a reminder, the board executives, our colleagues, we're not just shareholders. And that creates strong long-term alignment with our shareholders generally. And finally, we're grateful to our nearly 20,000 exceptional colleagues who delivered these outstanding results and our perennial award winners for customer service. Thank you all very much. Appreciate your interest and have a great day.
Zach Wasserman: Great question, Manan. This is Zach. I'll take that. The guidance that we've given back in October and in December was really primarily designed to be an early view for you so you can get and insights to some of the key decisions we're making for us to really be able to discuss that in detail, that was approximately 4% as we discussed before. The finalization of our budget reflects the additional loan growth added to the plan and associated fee revenues as well [indiscernible] represent the differences, up to 4.5% [indiscernible] it’s about $5 million a quarter, so relatively small. I think you are -- and the underlying drivers of that are unchanged from what we have discussed before. We'll continue to drive significant efficiencies and core [indiscernible] expenses with a number of programs. We'll continue to invest in our strategic growth initiatives. We'll execute on the incremental build of capabilities in automation and data, get ahead of the coming regulations and we'll execute on the really attractive commercial growth opportunities we discussed before. All of that's included in that number and no change to our expectation as well about reducing that growth rate as we go into 2024 -- 2025, excuse me, back to more normalized levels. As it relates to your question in terms of marginal sensitivity of it. Certainly, there will be just some degree of that. I think the expense that we guide is generally calibrated interest sort of the middle of the ranges we've guided in terms of revenues and so we saw potential upside of expenses. All of the revenues hit the high-end, likewise some potential opportunity if the revenues went lower.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. This is Zach. I'll take that one again. What we've been seeing in the marketplace broadly with respect to deposit costs and deposit beta, both across both consumer and commercial is the -- as we are looking stack, a deceleration of the sequential changes and very much for us trending highly aligned to our expectations. As well I will tell you that we are beginning to see in the marketplace a fairly constructive initial signs of firms prepared for what will likely be soon a down grader environment with a shortening, for example, time deposit terms with a change of promotional terms on money market and select testing of different price points for these segments in each geography, all of which is what you'd expect to pre stage what will ultimately be a series of down grader moves. With respect to your specific question on consumer [indiscernible] will that trend. I think the answer is yes. What we have been saying all along is that, deposit costs and beta will continue to trend at a decelerating rate through the pause period until such time if there is a rate reduction. And so, that's our expectation as well. I won’t say the go-to-market pricing is generally here, pretty consistent if not, again testing somewhat lower price points, but there is of course of sort of embedded momentum of somewhat upward bias in terms of pricing for at least another quarter here and then we'll see. We got rates cuts in March, some aggressive in our view is possible which creates downgrade [indiscernible] rate environment holds out of deposits until September, which is will be kind of a longer period of [indiscernible]
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Great questions. There's a lot in there to unpack. So let me address those both. As it relates to asset sensitivity for December, I expect it to be roughly consistent with the asset sensitivity we saw, that was reported in October. And you'll see that come out in the Q. I'm sorry, in the K. As we've discussed over time, the business is naturally asset-sensitive. And so clearly on the way up with the industry cycle, we've benefited very significantly in terms of margin expansion and revenue growth. I will note as well, something just as important to assess as you're thinking about asset sensitivity is, in our securities portfolio, as you know, we've hedged a large portion of our variable for sale securities, which has benefited significantly in terms of yields rising higher, protecting capital in the asset sensitivity metric in the Dow 100 [rapid] (ph) scenario, for example. It represents about a percentage point of additional sensitivity from those swaps. Those swaps will roll off over the course of the next 12 to 18 months. And most of that impact of sensitivity will begin to ramp off starting in the second half of 2024 and continuing on for about a 12-month period thereafter. The other thing I'll just say is that, as an important point is, those sensitivity metrics are pretty academic and not standardized across the industry with lots of assumptions, the beta being the most significant, but also whether those analyses are ramps on top of the forward curve, or whether they're just from a start point, ours is a ramp on top of the forward curve. So certainly, advising is important to assess those assumptions pretty carefully in comparing those metrics across firms. Back to -- so in terms of our [indiscernible] management posture, incrementally from here I see the opportunity to add downside rate reduction hedges. Our hedging strategy is incrementally shifting from a focus on capital protection to a focus on down rate protection, as we discussed in the prepared remarks. And we added some of that in Q4. I suspect we'll continue to be incrementally adding into those down rate protection strategies over time, which would gradually reduce downside asset sensitivity. In terms of deposit beta and what we would be expecting for the first x basis points, to give you a sense, in the scenario that I'm looking at where rates in fact begin to fall in March and then have five cuts in, even though it’s little more than your scenario, we would expect to see about a 20% roughly down data over a three quarter period by the end of 2024. We would, of course, be less than that if there was an extended pause through the late summertime period, but just to give you a sense of the sensitivity to your question.
Zach Wasserman: Great question, John. Thanks. This is Zach. I'll take that one. We're very pleased with the outcomes around the overall action plan we've had with respect to managing capital and capital priorities throughout the course of 2023, as we've talked about, actively modulating the pace of loan growth to balance additional loan growth and revenue, but also accreting capital and balance sheet equally in the fourth quarter benefiting significantly from a recapture of AOCI, which allows us now to even yet again accelerate the pace of loan growth, as we discussed earlier. And for the foreseeable future, I see us continuing on with that posture, driving the most important capital priority we have is to fund higher-term loan growth. And there is a significant opportunity for us to do that, which is the most value-creating decision that's in front of us. And importantly, at 8.6%, our adjusted CET1 is -- it has been rising a lot. And we want to drive that into the 9% to 10% operating rate that we've discussed over time. So I think for the foreseeable future, we'll continue on with that plan. Once we get into the 9% to 10% range with adjusted CET1, we'll reassess our posture with respect to share repurchases. Over time, share repurchases are a really important part of the value creation model for the company. And I absolutely expect us to get back to them. And we're going to drive to those outcomes as soon as we possibly can.
Zach Wasserman: Great question, Steve. I think the short answer to your question is no. A steeper yield curve continues to benefit us. Obviously, that environment would be indicative of funding costs, which would represent solid margins against where asset yields are. I think we're in this really strange environment with inverted yield curves and with the dramatic reduction forecasted pretty quick here. So we'll see how it all plays out. But I think for us, the puts and takes with respect to NIM outlook in the moderate terms in 2024, one, we're going to continue to benefit very significantly from fixed asset repricing. I tried to provide some incremental clarity about that in the prepared remarks and the presentation. But see 50 basis point to 100 basis point moves in overall portfolio yield in key categories will continue to see that benefit us, not only to 2024, but to 2025 and beyond. Another thing is, for us, as the curve becomes less inverted, we'll see our negative carry from our down rate hedge protection program reduce. The negative carry, in fact, by the way, in Q4, it was around 17 basis points of drag. We've talked about likely we'll see about 10 bips of that come back to us. We believe the scenario will pretty align a forward curve here over the next four quarters. Funding costs, again, in a steeper yield curve environment where [indiscernible] rates have fallen, will really start to benefit us in terms of beginning to pivot toward down beta, and actually executing on down beta, since Erika's question earlier. And those things in total essentially offset for us in our NIM, the variable yield reduction that we'll see if and when the short end comes down. So I still believe that that [indiscernible] scenario of a nice upward slope in yield curve is accretive to margin, sort of supportive of it. And the goal we've got is the same, to try to really collar the NIM here, put a floor under it, and really position for upside. And I think the last thing I'd say is, kind of picking up to your question as well. The modeling that we have done about 2025, and we've been saying this for a while, really highlights NIM expansion opportunities, which again, is sort of an indication that the upward slope in yield curve is positive.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Yesh. But the point on the higher NIM and the scenario will stay higher for longer, it's not only a scenario where short end stays higher for longer, but also longer end stays higher for longer. I will note, historically much of our balance sheet yields key off the belly of the curve, the two to five year range. So I think that's an important point to consider. Look over the longer term I see north of three -- into the low three’s in terms of NIM as a sustainable level. Of course, the business mix continues to shift. So I think it's hard to really be precise about that. [indiscernible] several years out, we'll have to continue to do our modeling. But over the foreseeable future, we see that range of 3 to 3.10 in a quicker rate reduction scenario, maybe as much as 10 bips higher than that, if rates stay higher for longer through 2024. And then I would see another step up into 2025, assuming the yield curve holds generally [indiscernible].
Zach Wasserman: Good question. Q1, by the way, is typically seasonally lower, just with day count and just other mixed items. And so, I think we'll probably see a level that is lower than Q4 by around the same amount that Q4 was lower than Q3, and then begin to grow from there. And so, it's really the trajectory from there that's really the major difference in the guidance range, given that, if you just pull back loan growth, I would expect, in Q1 we will be about the same year on year as we saw Q4 and year around 2%. And then steadily accelerating from there and ending the year growing at or even potentially above the high end of the loan growth range. The average should be 3% to 5% that I discussed. There's a trajectory for sure during the year. And likewise, in terms of NIM, I think it's likely that the NIM will likely meet its lowest point in the year in the first quarter and then kind of rising pretty heavily depending on the scenario you look at. But that's a general trajectory I'm expecting.
Zach Wasserman: That's an excellent point, I really appreciate the chance to clarify that. Broadly speaking, the answer is yes. The dollar amount of expenses overall we saw in core basis in Q4, the forecast we've got in our budget represents pretty similar dollar amounts overall for each of the quarters during 2024, coincidentally. In my [indiscernible] illustrate this picture for you, there's a variety of factors that are offsetting each other and driving within that. I would say there's still a little bit of additional ramp-up of run rate, some of the incremental capability investments that we're doing. Likewise, a little bit of additional ramp up on some of these new initiatives like in the commercial business. We're also actively tuning our overall strategic investments to modestly offset that. And then lastly, you've got these efficiency programs, which are cumulating in their impact over time. The business process re-engineering initiative we've been driving for quite some time. We internally call it Operation Accelerate. The business process offshoring initiative, which by the way is also growing, accumulating. So there's sort of a series of factors that are netting together, but the result of it is basically dollars that are pretty consistent with [indiscernible] to Q4.
