Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 20 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. The second quarter charge-off ratio showed modest improvement falling from 85 basis points to 82 basis points. Charge-off dollars were fairly flat quarter-over-quarter on an expanding loan portfolio. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing increased in the quarter, with that increase being attributable to the Fidelity portfolio, which is included in our overall numbers in the second quarter. Fidelity loans include accruing purchased impaired loans which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and will remain in accruing status. The NPA ratio increased slightly as consumer OREO assets were reduced in the quarter, but the ratio was impacted by the $1.3 billion reclassification of automobile loans to held for sale. The nonaccrual loan ratio increased slightly from 1.15% to 1.19% as nonaccrual inflows were up in the quarter. The criticized asset ratio increased from 5.8% to 6.01% due to the addition of the Fidelity portfolio. The allowance for loan and lease loss and the allowance for credit loss-to-loans ratios fell to 2.15% and 2.28%, respectively, from 2.24% and 2.37%, respectively, reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The coverage ratios both fell modestly, although they remain healthy and appropriate given the generally improving loan portfolio. Slide 21 shows the trends of our nonaccrual loans. The charts on the left demonstrate a modest uptick in the nonaccrual loan ratio in the quarter. This was driven by an increase in nonaccrual loan inflows during the past 3 months. During the second quarter, we moved several large credits, primarily in the commercial real estate portfolio to nonaccrual status. The level of inflow is depicted on the charts on the right-hand side of the page. As you can see by the graphs, the movements from quarter-to-quarter tend to be choppy, and the unevenness is confined to the commercial portfolio where the size of the credits can result in larger swings from quarter-to-quarter. Last quarter's inflows were the lowest reported in several years, underscoring uneven nature of the commercial portfolio. Slide 22 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. NPAs fell by 1% in the quarter compared to an 11% reduction in the prior quarter. As already mentioned, inflows increased in the second quarter, as several larger commercial credits were moved to nonaccrual loan status and is reflected of the uneven moves mentioned earlier. The average reduction in NPAs over the last 2 quarters was 6%, consistent with the quarterly reduction experienced in prior quarters. We continue to make good progress in our NPA reductions with the 20% reduction year-over-year. Turning to Slide 23, we provided similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. While a significant increase in inflows was depicted, 213 million of the additions are due to the Fidelity transaction. Upgrades of previously criticized loans also increased in the quarter, and along with pay-downs and charge-offs, resulted in a net 4% increase in criticized commercial loans. As you will see in the footnotes, however, excluding the impact of Fidelity, criticized commercial loans were down 7% in the quarter, which is consistent with the level of quarterly reductions over the past year. Moving to Slide 24. Commercial loan delinquencies show an increase in both 30- and 90-day categories. The increase in the 90-day delinquencies are exclusively related to Fidelity-purchased impaired loans, which again, are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain an accruing status. Even without the adjustments for Fidelity, delinquencies remained very well controlled. Slide 25 outlines consumer loan delinquencies which are in line with expectations. 30-day delinquencies were flat quarter-over-quarter, as depicted in the chart on the left. Both residential and home equity loans showed improvement quarter-over-quarter, while auto delinquencies were up due to the movement of $1.3 billion of loans to held for sale. In terms of dollar delinquency, the level of auto delinquencies is actually up only modestly from the prior quarter, which is noticeably lower than the 3 quarters prior to that. 90-day delinquencies continue their decline. Reviewing Slide 26, the loan loss provision of $36.5 million was up marginally from the prior quarter and was less than net charge-offs by $47.7 million. The ratio of ACL -- nonaccrual loans fell to 192% from 206%, still providing a healthy coverage level. The allowance for credit losses to loans was lower at 2.28% compared to 2.37% last quarter. We also believe this to be a solid ratio given the continued improvement in the risk profile of the portfolio and overall improving trends. In summary, we are pleased to the quarter's results and expect continued positive movement in the upcoming quarters despite ongoing economic challenges. Let me turn the presentation over to Steve at this point.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Well, as we've mentioned, we're probably -- this is Dan, we're probably at the low end of our provision expense, and we do expect continued modest improvement in charge-offs. So I think that probably answers your question.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: They are older vintage. The 2 loans in particular were vintage of approximately 2006, 2007. And, no, we have not seen any of the newer originations, not seen any significant migration in those. Actually, our early stage migration is looking quite strong, which is one of the reasons that we're pretty confident in ongoing improvement in the credit quality metrics.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Well -- this is Dan, I don't think so. And we do really believe that this quarter was affected by a couple of disparate and unique events that happened to skew the numbers. Generally speaking, we expect the numbers to continue to improve. So I don't see anything in the landscape that would require any big movements there. We do have lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter, and it's our expectation that next quarter, we'll see those move down again.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: I would also comment that our results do include this year's niche actions, which for us, were very modest. But usually, we don't have those reflected until the third quarter. This year, the results came in earlier, so we made those adjustments, but again, extremely modest in terms of changes.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: There really isn't. These -- there were 2 charge-offs that made up a good portion of that. They were unrelated, both in terms of where they're located, the type of properties and the circumstances. So over time, we tend to look more at where things are trending because you can't have movement from quarter-to-quarter, and we still expect to see continued charge-off performance really across the board, but particularly within commercial real estate.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: David, we have not seen strong competitive responses. There are some things that, at the product level, are being done by some institutions. As we said, when we launched 24-hour grace, we felt we had first mover advantage. We didn't expect that to be followed for several years, given overall pressures, which have only intensified and the impact of Durbin. So we are of the belief that we're not going to get a competitive response this year, direct competitive response, could be surprised of course. But thankfully, we've got a lot of momentum and positioning with the product, and we're going to be able to continue with that for the foreseeable future without a direct response. As you look at 2013, a lot of challenges coming from this flat yield curve, and you've seen a couple of regionals announced expense programs. And so very hard to compound the expense program with competitive responses that would strip into the revenue side of the equation.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Well, we would expect to grow throughout Michigan and hope we'll be able to achieve that in Lansing and Ann Arbor. Those are new markets to us. We'll rationalize our Meijer distribution over time with further investments. Those -- Ann Arbor is a great market as is Lansing with the state capital and very large university. We intend to significantly invest in Michigan and to grow.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, Erika, this is Don, and I would say that the base as far as our current expense level, that we would be looking for reductions absent the initiatives. And those initiatives include the branch rollout, not only for Giant Eagle, but also for our new relationship with the Meijer organization up in Michigan. And so as a result of those, along with some additional regulatory costs, we would expect to see a slight increase in expenses. Keep in mind, too, that the Fidelity acquisition wasn't in a full expense complement for the second quarter. We do expect to see some cost savings and the fact that we've had some conversion-related expenses associated with that as well.
Donald R. Kimble: And, Paul, this is Don. I could follow up with a point there as well. As far as competitive nature of the pricing, we really focus on relationship pricing, and we believe we've been able to maintain our spreads in the commercial side even though others may be -- characterize Ohio, and some of our markets are being very competitive. And I guess I would just -- I like to highlight there that as far as our commercial loan yields, they're only down 2 basis points linked quarter, and that happens to be the impact of the LIBOR rates being down on average about 2 basis points as well.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, good question. We're seeing RWA step up on the residential real estate side and on the off-balance sheet exposure. For the most part, home equity is fairly a net wash given the impact of the first loan position that we have for a lot of our home equity loans.
Donald R. Kimble: Great question, Ken. And you're right, we were surprised by some of the proposal here as well. Keep in mind that it is a proposal that we plan to participate with others in responding to the Fed's proposal. As a result of this, we're going to have to take a look at a number of things. We'll have to take a look at our focus on certain products and our pricing associated with those products, if there truly is a change in the capital charge associated with those. I don't think we are far enough down the road as far as taking a look at what the impact would be for future capital plan recommendations or suggestions, but I do not believe it impacts our current plan or projections.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, this is Don, and as far as the new loan yields, it still is around the LIBOR plus 300. And as far as the spreads going forward, it all depends on the credit outlook for those loans. We tend to focus much more on credit risk-adjusted spreads as opposed to just the absolute loan yield, and we would expect to continue to maintain those credit spreads as we would venture into continued improvement. In the credit quality for new underwriting, we could see some changes there. But that's a reflection of improved expected credit quality as opposed to tighter credit markets.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. One thing we keep in mind, too, is that we monitor not only the pricing, but also the aggregate credit outlook for each of these as well. And so we're seeing very consistent FICO scores, very consistent custom scores associated with the borrowers and very similar average maturity and collateral value levels as well. So as Nick said, it really depends more on individual sales within the grid and what type of volume we're picking up in each of those.
Donald R. Kimble: And, Scott, this is Don. If I just could add onto that as well. We look at our cross-sell activity 90 days after the relationship has been initiated, and the cross-sell ratios we're seeing for that 90-day checkpoint are very consistent with what we're seeing in more of the full-service stores. So to Steve's point, we're very pleased with the fact that we're able to just show this is a sales engine force as well and not just a service provider.
Donald R. Kimble: We generally just say that we're looking about 2 a year, but that's all we've really said. We haven't provided any more commentary there. We did transfer roughly $1.250 billion or $1.3 billion held for sale at the end of the second quarter, just to give you some additional color there.
Donald R. Kimble: That really isn't driving much of a change at all. The change is coming from unused lines of credit and also from the residential real estate and a little bit on the CRE side. But the auto book really isn't significantly impacted from this.
Donald R. Kimble: These were identified as potential problems before and we did have substantial reserves established even before coming into the quarter. So it's not like these were a complete surprise.
Donald R. Kimble: David, if I could just also add that if you look to any of our competitors, they all talk about deepening relationship with their customers, and that's the primary area of focus. And I think that's critical, especially for anybody here in the Midwest, that they have to have deep relationships. And so, I don't think that from that perspective, our strategy is unique. We do have some unique products. I think what does differentiate us is our relentless focus on executing a sales management process. And whether you're talking about retail or business banking or auto or our commercial, we actively manage that on a daily basis, report on a weekly basis. And there is a lot of discipline and rigor around that process, and we think that's what's going to drive our differentiated performance and not just the products set. So that's something that's even harder to replicate because it requires a very consistent and ongoing effort, and just not aware of that existing in other places at the level of those here.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, the incremental expense associated with mortgage volume tends to be around 40% of revenues as a general ballpark assumption.
Stephen D. Steinour: We're not seeing a slowdown, Paul, impact in credit at this point. I think there is a slow down in economic investment and related activity. I believe there's already an impact coming from a combination of factors including -- especially the fiscal cliff being topical at this point and an increasing concern or lack of confidence caused by that.
Stephen D. Steinour: But you heard from our comments that we're already starting to adjust. And when we know the final rules, we will adjust to minimize impact.
Stephen D. Steinour: Over time, we're traditionally seeing second quarter to be a little more lumpy or volatile, just simply because of annual statements coming in and other things. So if you look back to June 11, second quarter, you would see the same thing in our portfolio, not a lot of change, but breaking the trend line.
Stephen D. Steinour: Sure. Look, Scott, the convenience proposition of 7-day-a-week and extended hour provides a lot of elements to support consumers holistically. And so we've made good deposit progress, but we've always envisioned these as being full service. So they're oriented, they're geared to product education of our colleagues in the in-stores, is around -- and they're -- is around full menu. And their goals and objectives and their incentives are around full menu. So there's -- it's proving to be a good outlet for us for loans, as well as deposit products, and we're now at a point where we're looking at those -- that channel as one we can do more with small business, again, taking advantage of the extended hour and as well as investments. So it's been 21 months. We like what we see. Obviously, we're pleased with the results today, given the Meijer expansion, and frankly, looking forward to having a low-cost or a lower-cost distribution network as a consequence of how much in-store relative to total that we'll have competitively going forward.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. And when you get down to the level -- last quarter, we only had $9 million of CRE charge-offs. So when you're dealing with numbers that are that small, a deal or 2 can move the numbers quite substantially.
Stephen D. Steinour: Long-term expectation, I guess, I'll say it this way. The -- we're at about our kind of a low point for provision, we have not reached the -- our targeted charge-off level yet. We're targeting over the long-term, 35 to 55 basis points of charge-offs. And clearly, we're not there yet, but moving towards that number.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, you can see the impact of what's going on in the energy side in Eastern Ohio, Western Pennsylvania already. I noted the office market in Pittsburgh being dramatically different than it has been for decades. There's certainly a Mahoning Valley, Youngstown-Warren, there's economic activity that we wouldn't have seen just a couple of years ago. And so, it's early. And I believe there will be more and maybe much economic impact, but it's already observable. In terms of the first part of your question for where we're growing the context of competition, Columbus is where our hometown -- the hometown bank here. So that's a meaningful advantage given the legacies that occurred here. And then we've done well in the number of other markets. I'd point out Cleveland where we went 7-day-a-week with retail banking a couple of years ago, a lot of investments we made in Eastern Michigan. And then certain markets, we've had a track record of doing well over time and they're continuing to perform.
