Steve Steinour: So, we are seeing, I think a good strength in the fee businesses. I think you need to keep in mind some of the investments that we made around the FirstMerit acquisition and SBA lending and mortgage banking in particular, I think those investments are paying off for us very well. I would say, we’re ahead of SBA. And I think we’re catching up on mortgage. We might have been a little bit behind in terms of hiring in some markets, but I think we’re in good shape as we enter 2018. So, I would expect to see good growth in those lines. Capital markets is a real opportunity for us. They had a record quarter in the fourth quarter in terms of revenue. And when we think about the opportunities to sell into the FirstMerit customer base, we have capital markets with treasury management, our products on the Huntington side much stronger, our expertise from a sales perspective, I think is much better. And we’re seeing real opportunities there as we think about penetrating that customer base. It all ties into our optimal customer relationship strategy which we continue to focus on across the entire organization. While we believe the opportunities are higher for FirstMerit side, we definitely have opportunities on the Huntington side as well. So, I would say that 2018 is going to be a good year for fee income growth relative to what we’ve seen historically because of those investments and because of our focus on OCR.
Steve Steinour: Scott, we’ve been working with a long-term set of strategies now for almost a decade and that informs our plans every year, it certainly has in 2018. And as I mentioned, we try to approach it conservatively in terms of assuming no interest rate changes. And we’ve been investing every year in the businesses since 2010. We will continue to do that. So, the tax reform does not change our plans in any meaningful way and we’re set with those. So, we would expect the benefits of the tax reforms to flow very, very substantially to the bottom-line. If some of it tends to get competed away over time, we think we are in a tremendous position to respond with the relatively strong performance in both returns and NIM. So, expecting for 2018 that very substantially it goes to the bottom-line and we’ll see how the market reacts over time.
Steve Steinour: Well, remember -- this is Steve. The revenue synergies are across the board, but in Chicago, we have very select focus on our different business initiatives there. We’re not trying to play a broad-based consumer strategy, for example, given the limited distribution. So, we feel -- we definitely feel very good about what we’re accomplishing in Chicago. We have a great team there, set of teams there, and are bullish about our ability to get to a $100 million plus on these FirstMerit synergies this year and obviously expect to keep going. We like the niches we have in Chicago, and that’s how we’re playing.
Steve Steinour: Jon, we always look at things but the priority for us in 2018 is getting the strategic plan process really robustly and well completed; and then, secondarily, making sure we deliver these revenue metrics. We have been saying for several years we think we’re in late innings of the game; it looks like it just had extended into extra innings. But we’re in a cautious pasture. Dan referenced that in terms of some of the things that we were doing earlier and in prior calls around limits on construction, commercial real estate, host of things. We will continue those. We will look for other areas where we think we need to adjust, and during the good times with the view that we will have lower volatility through cycles and continue. So, as we advance the strategic plan, the emphasis is on core, not M&A and that’s our focus.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Jon. So I think we have to wrap up here, we’re coming into the home stretch. Thank you very much for joining the call. As you can see, we produced very results in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2017. And you can tell, we are confident as we come into 2018 that we have momentum in our businesses. Strategies are working. We expect to drive positive results for 2018. We believe we are going to continue to gain market share and grow share of wallet. Our top priorities are growing our core businesses and continuing to realize the revenue synergies from FirstMerit which are not capped at $100 million. So, we’ve always said a 100 million plus. Our fourth quarter results demonstrate the core economic benefits of the acquisition of FirstMerit. We have achieved all of our long-term financial goals and there is more opportunity at hand in 2018 and beyond. So, finally, I would like to include a reminder that there’s just a unique and high level alignment between the Board and management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and colleagues are collectively one of the largest shareholders in Huntington. We uphold the retirement requirements on certain shares which is very unique. We will continue to proactively manage risk and volatility. And we are appropriately focused on driving sustained, long-term performance. So, I appreciate again your interest in Huntington. Thanks for joining us today, and have a great day.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes. This is Dan. Actually line utilization was down just a tick. I think we were down two-tenths of a percent in the quarter. The dynamics kind of changed throughout the course of the quarter where we had a lot of year-end activity, very much close to the year end. I think there was a lot of built-up demand that had been delayed throughout the year. And so, we have seen an uptick there. I would expect that in the first quarter utilization is difficult to pinpoint and with the benefits of tax reform, you don’t know if there’s going to be an immediate impact or whether you might see it later on. I think as the year goes on, I would expect we will see an uptick in utilization but really hard to estimate in the first quarter.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure, Ken. This is Dan. So, provision in the quarter, there were three primary drivers, one is just loan growth. We did have a good period-end loan growth, despite the fact that average balances weren’t really up. We did have a surge at quarter-end and that’s on the basis on which reserves are based. So, the second component would be that we had a couple of credits with some specific reserves, nothing huge but nonetheless a driver there. And then, third were the FirstMerit renewals. And as you know, these are loans that were marked, had no reserves established. But when we extend the restructure, they now have a reserve attached to them. So it’s those three components that make up what happened in the quarter. I would point out that when you look at that year as a whole because clearly this is a dynamic process, there is going to be fluctuation from quarter-to-quarter. But, on average, we had about $50 million of provision expense for quarter and about $40 million per quarter of charge-off. So, we said that we would slowly, very slowly build the reserve. I think if you looked a year ago, we were at 1.10 coverage on an ACL basis and we ended the year at 1.11. So, I think that qualifies as a slow build. So, that’s really the dynamics going on there.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes. The impact on FirstMerit is that book continues to mature and more and more is slipped to Huntington origination. The impact there is going to lessen and lessen as the years go by.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. So, I think over time, one, we feel very good about -- on the C&I side, as we pointed out, our exposures are very well diversified; we didn’t have any exposures to those entities filing for bankruptcy et cetera. Many of our exposures are in auto part, supply investment grade et cetera. So, feel really good there. With the CRE, a little more challenging, because obviously with every announcement of a new bankruptcy that’s going to impact some of our properties. Now, up until this point, we’re seeing a very slow migration of credits into criticized status because of some of these bankruptcies. We’ve also seen some challenges in terms of delayed projects. Frankly, there is labor shortages in some areas that are causing projects to fall behind. So, we’ve seen some very modest deterioration there. But again, due to the diversification of our portfolio, the strength of our core developers et cetera, we feel really good about where we’re sitting today.
Mac McCullough: So, I think the one impact you need to think about is just the impact of FTEs; it’s about a 3 basis-point reduction in the NIM related to normalizing for the tax reform on the FTE adjustment. But other than that, I wouldn’t expect material change.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Scott. So, we wouldn’t seem to resubmit our 2017 CCAR in order to force the conversion. In terms of thinking through how we might optimize capital going forward and the opportunities that that creates, that would be a part of the 2018 process. 
Mac McCullough: Yes. Ken, so, the way to think about it, so, we’re paying 8.5% on the Pref A that has the potential to convert here in the first quarter. And it basically is neutral to EPS as we bring those shares back in because of the yield that we’re paying on that pref. So, what that does for us when we think about 2018 CCAR process, obviously this is going to increase our TCE and our CET1 ratios, again with no impact to EPS. And it will give us the opportunity to optimize capital in the 2018 CCAR process at -- even if we issue additional preferred to offset the preferred that we’re converting, it is likely going to be neutral to EPS because of high rate that we’re paying on the current pref versus where we’re currently in the market for a similar instrument, and then, thinking about how we use the common equity that’s been created in the 2018 CCAR process. So, I think in terms of where we sit today, it’s neutral or positive.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Peter, it’s Mac. So, if you think about 25 basis points short end for the full year, it’s probably in the neighborhood of $25 million pick-up for the full year, is the way to think about it.
Mac McCullough: Well, that would be the impact of 25 basis points. So, if it’s two rate hikes, it will be twice that.
Mac McCullough: So, we’re just looking I think more closely at -- on the commercial side, the relationships and the depth of the relationships when we think about how we pass through any additional price increases. As you know, we’re a relationship bank and we deeply value those deep relationships with our customers. And that’s exactly the way we’re thinking about it. I think, we’ve pretty much worked our way through the most recently hike. There still might be a few additional opportunities that we’re considering. But, we’re very focused on the commercial side in terms of making sure that we’re doing the right thing from a rate increase perspective with our deep customer relationships.
Mac McCullough: And Peter, if I could just go back to your first question, what I gave you was the full year impact of 25 basis points. So, you need to decide the timing and kind of factor in how that would impact full year 2018.
Mac McCullough: No, Marty, to clarify then, we accomplished those in the fourth quarter excluding tax benefit. And we would have expected to accomplish them in 2018 excluding tax benefit. They will only be further embellished if you will, with tax benefit.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Marty. That is correct. I mean, the year-over-year impact is about $51 million reduction in provision related to FirstMerit, simply because we have less loans moving from the acquired portfolio to the originated portfolio.
Mac McCullough: Marty, as we think about 2018 and how Dan kind of described the provision on the reserve build, I mean obviously it’s going to depend on the environment; it’s going to depend on the strength of loan growth in 2018. And we do expect that we’re going to be working into a gradual build of the reserve going forward. So, I would tell you that a lot factors go into that. I think, we saw probably better performance in 2017 than we expected on both the Huntington and the FirstMerit side of the equation. So, things are shaping up well as we think about 2018. But, I do think longer term we have a graphical reserve build.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Kevin. It’s Mac. So, clearly, we’re getting full year benefit of the cost takeouts from FirstMerit in 2018. So that’s the way I would think about the 1% that you quote in 2018. I would not expect that to be longer term growth rate going forward. We continue to invest in the business. As you know personnel costs are the biggest component of our expense line up, and we continue to give merit increases and those types of things. So, when we modeled FirstMerit, we kind of assumed the 3% core growth rate and expense going forward. And I will just point out that we’ve achieved the cost takeouts, we’ve achieved the metrics that we expected from efficiency and ROTCE and we continue to get benefit in the expense growth rate in 2018.
Mac McCullough: Just to go back, the investment we made in the FirstMerit revenue initiatives is $50 million. So, we expect $100 million in incremental revenue and then $50 million would be the assumption we made assuming the 50% efficiency ratio; and going back to the $100 million in revenue that was the number that we expected at a minimum. And we do believe that we’re going to see additional revenue opportunities coming out of the FirstMerit transaction as these initiatives mature and in particular as we execute on OCR which actually is the biggest opportunity of all the revenue initiatives coming out of FirstMerit. As Steve pointed out, we make investments in the business based upon what we need to do based upon what’s happening in the environment and what we feel we need to do from a colleague perspective, from a customer prospective. And I think we’ve done a really good job of that over time. We’re going to continue to focus on positive operating leverage going forward. And as Steve mentioned also, we’re just kicking off our strategic planning process; we’re evaluating different opportunities to grow the business. The primary focus of that process is on revenue growth and thinking about the customer and thinking about what we can do to improve customer experience.
Mac McCullough: Kevin, it’s Mac. The 4% to 6% range we think is reasonable, given our risk appetite and how we think about what we want to put on the balance sheet. I mean, obviously, it wasn’t until late in the year that we knew the tax reform was going to get passed. And we still don’t know exactly how to think about it in 2018, although we did see a strong close to 2017 in terms of loan growth on the commercial side in particular. So, we definitely have the opportunities around the FirstMerit investments. And we think we’re going to perform better on those than what we expected. Offsetting that we got some headwinds around first accounting accretion that we’ve just talked about and we’re still in a 2% to 3% GDP growth economy. So, I think 4% to 6% is the right range for us, in particular as we think about managing risk appropriately in terms of what we put on the balance sheet.
Mac McCullough: Kevin, there will be some seasonality to certain of those products, mortgage and RV marine. But, by the second quarter, those should be performing well. So, short seasonality first quarter and then, remember, we’ve said a $100 million plus in the revenue side. And so, we kind of lock into this $100 million, but we had a very good year. We put a lot of the base line expense in, coming back to the earlier question $48 million of revenue, $37 million of expense. And so now, we get the operating leverage of goes initiatives as we move forward. And obviously, we’re pretty bullish about on how the integration of FirstMerit has been achieved.
