Zach Wasserman: Thank you, Rich. As Steve alluded to earlier, we have confidence in our businesses and are cautiously optimistic that the economic recovery will continue, particularly longer term as we move past the election and with the potential for vaccine and improved therapeutic medical treatments for the virus. We also expect to finish out 2020 strong and Slide 18 provides our expectations for the full year of 2020. Looking at the average balance sheet for the full year 2020, we expect average loans and average deposits to increase approximately 6% and 10% respectively compared to last year. For the remainder of the year, we expect consumer loans, more specifically residential mortgage, auto, RV marine to be the primary driver of average loan growth as commercial loan growth remains muted. Our current projections assume the majority of PPP balances will remain on balance sheet through the end of the year. With respect to deposits, we expect continued growth in consumer core deposits from new customer acquisition, relationship deepening and low attrition. As I mentioned earlier, we expect the elevated level of business and commercial deposits to persist through year-end. We expect to record full-year total revenue growth of approximately 3% to 3.5% and full-year total expense growth of 2% to 2.5%. With respect to revenues, we expect Q4 revenues to be in line with Q3, up 7% to 8% year-over-year. We expect full year NIM to be approximately 300 basis points and we expect a flat to moderately higher NIM in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by further reductions to the cost of interest-bearing deposits, which we expect to be below our prior historic low of 22 basis points that we set back in the third quarter of 2016. This guidance includes no positive impact in Q4 from the acceleration of PPP fees and includes a continuation of elevated liquidity that we discussed earlier. We expect full year non-interest income growth of 8% to 10% primarily driven by robust mortgage income while our fourth quarter outlook includes moderation in mortgage banking. We expect an uptick in capital markets fees as well as several other fee lines to help to cushion that decline. On expenses, we expect the fourth quarter to be up 3% to 5% from the third quarter. As we've discussed before, we believe the current economic outlook presents the opportunity to invest in our businesses in order to meaningfully gain share and accelerate growth over the moderate term as the recovery continues to solidify. As such, we're accelerating investments in technology and other key strategic initiatives across our businesses as we exit 2020 while delivering full year positive operating leverage for the eight consecutive year. Finally, our credit remains fundamentally sound. We expect full year net charge-offs to be approximately 50 basis points to 55 basis points. This is reflective of the cleanup of the oil and gas portfolio as well as the broader economic conditions. Now let me turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions.
Zach Wasserman: Sure yes, thanks again for the question. So, I think our outlook for loans sequentially is up in total about 1% or $800 million. We are expecting our kind of baseline underlying forecast is a couple basis points of incremental NIM as we go into Q4. And so that's really going to drive spread revenues up around $30 million. To be clear, it does not include any PPP acceleration, there could be, some revenues come through from that, but we're not banking on that.
Zach Wasserman: I hope the dollar - probably would have basis points. In 2020 for the full year, the derivative portfolio is benefiting us by about 22 basis points. Next year, we expect that to rise somewhat, that's several basis points up to 25 basis points. And then it's sort of gradually runs off through 2022, 2023 and 2024. I think 2022 is about 12 basis points to 13 basis points run-off, 2023 is about seven basis points run-off and then 2024 is actually flat. So there is no massive cliff, there's clearly a drop and a gradual reduction over time, but as I also mentioned in my prepared remarks. We're pulling all the levers of balance sheet optimizations to really offset and drive that and we do have confidence. We'll further in near current levels over the long-term, leveraging three key strategies; funding optimization, asset growth mix and that customer level pricing. Last thing I'll say just pull back and see if that answers your question. For next year there will likely be a fair amount of quarter-to-quarter volatility driven by PPP loan forgiveness acceleration, we'll see, but we suspect that that will be in the first couple of quarters.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. In the third quarter we have $15 million of restructuring costs. In the fourth, we expect that to be kind of around or just less than $5 million. So, it's sort of incremental $10 million benefit quarter-to-quarter within that 3% to 5% expense guide. I would tell you just pulling back that really the investments are essentially entirely driven by that investment growth. So, the expenses are essentially driven by that investment growth. We see a little bit of continued quarter-to-quarter growth in variable cost just driven by customer activity continuing to rebound out of the COVID lows, but those are the main drivers.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, it's a good question and I know where your mind is going. Let me, so, it's a little too early for us to give you kind of a longer-term outlook. We'll do that more fulsomely in the next quarter update when we talk in January. But I think that what you're going to see is this elevated level of investments continuing for a few more quarters, you cannot turn on the dime with this kind of stuff. So, we're going to, we're ramping up towards the end of this year as we've talked about over time to capture the opportunities that are, we think are present in the recovery and that will sustain for a few more quarters, but the key for us is really if these things drive revenue growth. We have a very focused investment plan, very tied to our strategic growth initiatives and the expectation is we'll start to see the benefits of that flowing through to accelerating revenue growth as we go throughout '21 and certainly into '22.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, I mean you saw it tick down, I think that is right there, I think the investments we've got some of which drive shorter-term and more productivity related benefits, others are longer term and customer acquisition and customer relationship deepening related and behind the scenes we just continue to be incredibly rigorous with our non-investments expense program and I think the way I look at expenses is if you've got growth investments and you deny if you drive the return on that, and you've got the rest of the business expenses that we just squeezed perpetually lower. So the items look at are a lot of what you just said.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, this is Zach, I will take that and perhaps others may want to weigh in as well. So, we did see a bit of a snapback in personal service charges in Q3 by $15 million higher, although it was - continues to run a fair amount lower than last year. As we look forward in the future, I don't expect a lot of growth in that line. I think that the, particularly the elevated levels of deposits that we've seen, I for one believe is they are going to be quite sticky for some time. I think it's fundamentally related to peoples' uncertainty about the economy and therefore just protecting themselves with elevated liquidity. Again we've seen kind of a flight to quality and flight to proximity from our customers and leveraging Huntington as a place to hold those deposits. So, I think that's going to hold personal service charges lower for a while. It's really not our focus for growth. We're really driving the value-added fee lines over time.
Zach Wasserman: I totally agree with everything Rich has said. This business has incredible risk-adjusted returns, to give you a sense of the yields we're seeing right now, new volumes coming in are 3.5%, so it's sort of constructive and helpful for the NIM trajectory. It's also relatively short-lived asset, so it helps us continue to play as rates potentially move higher over the longer term and it will allow I would say just - we come into this business new, it's great to see these business lines that Huntington has that are, we've got such a diversification of the business as we got that when something else is weak like commercial that we talked about this other one has been really a real source of strength and growth for us. So, yes, could not say enough about how much we like it.
Zach Wasserman: Just to talk on this, this is Zach, as an indication of that, the pipelines are up to almost the level of last year, just to give you a sense, off considerably lower including during COVID, so, and production during the quarter, during Q3 ramps quite substantially.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, 12% was right. It was about $425 million was the reduction over the quarter. It was very wide widespread. We did have the oil and gas sales, which was about $125 million or $127 million, all of that. Just about all that was, was criticized. But beyond that, it was very broad based across just about all of our lines of business, which was heartening to see. We did do that very comprehensive review in the second quarter, which caused the spike in credit in Q2 and so seeing it come down in Q3, we expected that to some extent and I would say that we will continue to see a downward trend in criticized, it may be a bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter, things will move in, things will move out within different portfolios. I think that's just the kind of the COVID environment that we're dealing and things are going to pop up that might be somewhat unexpected. But I would generally expect our credit quality to begin migrating - the credit class migrating down over time.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, I think, this is Zach, I'll start off. [Indiscernible] yield numbers right in front of me, but I think generally this is really influenced by the supply dynamics which I was talking about earlier. So, earlier in the year when the supply interruptions were had on the original equipment side, demand naturally shifted to the - to the used side and so we saw that mix change and I think what you're seeing now is the gradual normalization back to a kind of a longer-term typical mix of new versus used cars. The yield on use is a bit higher than new, but I don't have the numbers right in front of me to comment more specifically, we might be able to follow-up with you on that.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, maybe I'll touch on that a little bit, then Rich maybe attack on as well. I think - and the list of assets we'd like to grow faster, it includes small business but it's not certainly exclusive to that as we noted a lot of others. But I think what we're seeing, our strategy is to really deepen penetration and provide terrific products and experiences to this segment, particularly through the digital investments we're making. And we're really seeing it works, there is a tremendous demand coming through. I think partly leveraging the real success we have with PPP. And so it's pretty broad-based. I want to Rich to attack on in terms how we're thinking about.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, good question. Thank you, this is Zach. I'll take that one. So, I think 2020 will likely land around 300 basis points, from just a tick higher and our expectation for 2021 excluding PPP for a second is just a few ticks higher than that. So about flat and my baseline outlook is a few basis points higher, we'll have. I think I mentioned earlier, kind of the next few years, hedge benefits in basis points this year was 22 basis points, next year is 25 basis points, absolutely normal forecast that's up three basis points better. Interest bearing liabilities I expect to be down also kind of over, around or over 30 basis points. We do expect yield pressure largely offsetting that, so that is sort of flat to a few basis points higher outlook I have got for 2021 at this point. Again, we're continuing to do a fair bit of work around decimals in fact both her guidance later. There are wildcards, there is the PPP timing that I mentioned, there is potentially also some. We'll continue to look at hedging in the portfolio and that could also throw a few basis points volatility in there, but generally that's my outlook.
Zach Wasserman: So Steve, we're bullish about coming out of this cycle and taking advantage of it, that has been our orientation in the best and we're continuing with that. So, we'll be looking to drive growth, revenue growth, and you're getting a sense of that off the third quarter earnings.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, so this is Zach. It's really not something we're looking at, at this time. We do expect to begin to reinvest our securities cash flow this quarter as we've talked about a little bit over the last few calls and to get back in the securities portfolio to around Q1 levels. So that's about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion of incremental securities investments in the fourth quarter, but not really with the mind towards utilizing those deposits. Rather, we are focused on deploying those for core organic growth and to some degree as a funding optimization opportunity that I mentioned earlier. So, that is the plan.
Rich Pohle: Scott, it's Rich, I'll take that. We've seen really low utilization rates across the dealer floor plan portfolio, what has been typically in the 75% range are now down below 50%. The challenge with that business is just getting inventory back on the lots and while the OEMs are ramping up deliveries to the dealers, new car levels are continuing at pretty low levels. So, we would expect that we would see a steady build from that 50% up towards the end of the year. And provide a gradual build over the year. This isn't something that's going to ramp up very quickly, but it is going to be something that we see steady state and slowly building throughout the balance of 2020 and into 2021.
Rich Pohle: Sure Jon, it's Rich, I'll start with that. Yes as you pointed out, we did have a relatively modest reserve build in Q3, it was about 3% from Q2. The coverage ratio moved up four basis points from 227 basis points to 231 basis points. I would first point out that we did have over $1 billion in point-to-point loan growth in Q3 which accounted for about 25% of that reserve build. Clearly with CECL, you are taking a life of loan approach to any - loss about to any portfolio build that you have. But I would tie the build really to ongoing uncertainty with respect to both the virus and the type of stimulus if any that's coming our way. We are seeing COVID cases increasing across much of our footprint, and while we don't expect a return to full stay at home orders. We do believe that is going to be a drag on the economy going forward. And with respect to stimulus, we can see that there is a deadlock right now and the timing and the makeup of what that stimulus ends up looking like is going to be important to the recovery. I think you have to keep in mind too that all of the economic scenarios have assumptions with respect to both the dollar amount and the timing of stimulus. And to the extent that - that stimulus is delayed or isn't earmarked for where the model thinks it's going. It's going to have also an impact. So when we look at factoring all of that in, the uncertainty that's what really drove us to keep the reserve about where it was, I think at four basis points is pretty much a plateau for the quarter. Those were the big drivers.
Rich Pohle: Yes, Ken, this is Rich. I'll take a stab at that. We love the indirect auto business. I mean this is a foundation and a core competency that we've had for several years now, and we would grow this business as opposed to exit it. The credit quality performs incredibly well through DFAST, it's our, one of our best performing portfolios. I think if you look at the recent deferral activity that we've had in this book in the post deferral delinquencies, they are excellent and right in line with that. So from a credit standpoint, we couldn't be happier with the performance of this portfolio over time and we're very enthusiastic about the growth of this business over time. So, we have a contrarian approach and I think it's based on the fact that we've got great dealer relationships we've built up over the years and that is proven out very well. So, Zach, you want to touch on that.
Rich Pohle: We haven't. We are not in a position to comment on the industry, but we're looking at our pipeline, what we're making and sharing that comment Ken. We have a pipeline today that's comparable to last year in both business banking and our commercial banking teams and typically fourth quarter is a, is one of our best quarters year in year out. I would expect based on the waiting of that pipeline probability of closing to have pretty good fourth quarter and all indications are positive. What we're, we're hearing from customers is a continuing recovery, remember the Midwest is recovering nicely, particularly the manufacturing sector. The biggest issue we hear in that regard is they just can't get enough employees. Our jobs numbers for the Midwest are higher than any other region in the country. So, this is a labor issue that's constraining some of the potential on the investment side and maybe holding back some the loan demand. So we're actually reasonably bullish about fourth quarter and beyond.
Rich Pohle: We're clearly seeing it in the manufacturing sector John as I mentioned, but it's more broadly based. There is a level of business activity that's occurring on the buyout side, on generational transfers, beyond that there is activity that we're, we're, remember we're principally a lower-middle market bank in the commercial side and as inventories are getting replenished and revenues rebuilt, there is working capital demand. We do a lot of equipment finance and asset-based lending as well. We've seen particularly in the asset base side good demand, fourth quarter is generally good for equipment finance, our health care activity is very, very strong as well. So it's - it's broad based.
Rich Pohle: Yes, Bill, I don't have the specific breakout on the yields between new and used, but used is always quite a bit higher than new. And so on a risk adjusted return basis, it's actually slightly better than the new.
Rich Pohle: No absolutely the PPP success that we had - certainly the driver of the growth and we are really focused on SBA within small business as a continued lever for growth. We obviously have a core competency in SBA and we will continue to leverage that going forward, but also on the conventional side, business banking which, the non-SBA piece of it, we've seen very good growth as well and that's been pretty widespread across industries, healthcare and others.
Steve Steinour: Yes, I think we just have - we sold $127 million in the third quarter. We've got that portfolio down 50% from where it was a year ago. When we talk about clean up, the book right now is that the point where with the reserves that we have, we will be opportunistic sellers. I think over the course of the last several quarters, there was more of a desire to get the overall numbers down and the pricing that we were able to get allowed us to do that within the coverage ratio that we had. I don't believe in the fourth quarter that we're going to be aggressive sellers. We will certainly look to sell if it makes sense and to the extent that the fall borrowing base redeterminations require additional charge-offs, we will take them. So, we're going to move into what I would consider more of a traditional problem loan management scenario with oil and gas going forward.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Erika. We do have a relatively high dividend yield compared to the peer group and that will influence at the appropriate time what I believe are Board's decisions. We would be more oriented towards buyback versus a dividend increase. But no decision, we are not at that threshold yet, but the historic guidance we would have provided will substitute - will likely substitute other uses of capital as a second alternative. And that dividend is balance with that. Historically, I would say core growth dividend and other uses you'll see a much more balanced approach. Certainly with the stock trading at these levels that seems to, make a lot of sense to us, again subject to Fed and other regulatory support.
Steve Steinour: Well, we haven't changed our long-term metrics on ROTCE at this point. We'll be out as Zach mentioned with an outlook for next year in January. So I think that's fair to use based on the work that we've done looking forward over the next couple of years - as a rough guideline now.
Steve Steinour: No, it's really too early for us to talk about the totality of the full year of 2021. I do expect a lot of the trends that we're seeing right now to kind of continue for the next few quarters just given the momentum and the trend of the businesses that we're seeing right now. And so we'll see, we'll come back and talk more about that. Our commitment around positive operating leverage is a long-term one. And we think it's the right one for the company, but we're really focused on making the investments now to drive revenue acceleration and I tell you we feel pretty good about it. So, we'll come back and talk more in a few months.
Steve Steinour: Brock, this is Steve, just to go to your April comments, night and day are different, when I think about the volatility and uncertainty in that period of time versus today. So you should be inferring that off the comments about the economy and recovery, et cetera, and that would be true with an expectation of credit quality will mirror the economic recovery. There is still uncertainty and as Rich said it maybe lumpy. But we don't have a catch-up quarter, we've already caught up. So, we're in good shape as at the end of the third quarter, given the volatility and expect that the team will manage with consistency as we go forward, may be a little lumpy because of the recovery and the nature of it and the virus, but like the footing we have very much.
Steve Steinour: So thank you for the questions and your interest in Huntington. We're very pleased with the third quarter performance and we continue to be optimistic about our future and the economic recovery, but acknowledge volatility uncertainty remain in the economy. Our disciplined enterprise risk management provides a strong fundamental foundation and you're seeing that in our numbers. We're executing our strategies and will continue to capitalize on opportunities. We're investing - investing in strategic growth initiatives while continuing to deliver solid performance. I'm confident of our ability to manage the challenges we face and excited about our future. And finally as I thought of reminding you, we are closely aligned of the interests of the Board, executive management and colleagues with the other owners of the company via mechanisms, such as our hold to retirement, equity requirements. And we've collectively been one of the 10 largest shareholders of the company for the past five years. So, we feel to pay and we're looking forward to a better day ahead. Thank you again for your support and interest in Huntington, have a great day.
