Steve Steinour: Thank you, Zach. Slide 18 recaps what we believe is a compelling opportunity. Huntington stands as a powerful top 10 regional bank with scale and leading market density, as well as a compelling set of capabilities, both in footprint and nationally. We are focused on executing our strategic plan, which we believe will drive substantial value creation for our shareholders. We are well positioned to deliver sustainable revenue growth, which is bolstered by new markets, new businesses and expanded capabilities. As our revenue synergies accelerate and gain traction, we also remain committed to our proactive and disciplined expense management. As a result, we are increasingly confident in our robust return profile with expectations for a 17-plus percent ROTCE, as we deliver on our medium-term financial targets in the second half of the year. Tim, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Steve Steinour: And John, this is Steve. I would add. We invested since closing with TCF in a number of these lending units. So we have a lot of capacity that's been brought on, particularly in Twin Cities and Denver and some of the specialty groups. So we're just -- we're able to scale the businesses as well. And so we'll be picking up volume from these investments throughout this year and beyond.
Steve Steinour: You might also, Scott, be aware, we're -- we announced the acquisition of Capstone. And so, as that closes, that run rate will have to be incorporated in as well.
Steve Steinour: And Ken, we've invested in the SBA unit as well over the course of last year, adding SBA capabilities in Colorado and Minnesota, in particular, and they're off to a great start. So, we should have a record year in terms of production.
Steve Steinour: And Jon, there is a phenomenon sort of lower income where the price of gas at the pump and inflation generally, including housing, is having an impact. But again, we've been super prime for more than a decade and the consistency of the performance in that, whether it's residential assets or auto will hold us in very good shape. We give the portfolio in aggregate to be on the low end of the risk spectrum, when we talk about aggregate moderate to low.
Steve Steinour: Well, this is a group that has been in existence now of even TCF that sort of formed it many years ago. And we're doing business with about 14,000 dealers nationally. So there's great distribution with the team. It's very high quality, very steady and experienced team, and we've got just an outstanding dealer relationship. So, we're able to, with OEMs, to be dynamic in part of their sales process and there are different agreements depending on the OEM in support of the dealer. So again, this group performs very well. It's gone through cycles with very low loss rates and the dealers will generally support each other. Certainly, the OEMs will support transitions of dealers that happens from time to time. So, the big issue for the group right now is just how to -- what's the schedule for ramping up supply. And as we talk about supply chain disruptions, they're feeling it in many areas, including most of the dealers. So this will be a group that just naturally will grow over time because inventories are so low. So we expect to do very well over the next few years with the group. And it's also a group that this provides great customer service and it's typically been adding OEMs every year, and we would expect that to continue this year based on the discussions that occurred thus far in the year. So very bullish on the group, a great team, one of the hidden jewels to some extent from TCF and it will allow us to do other things on the consumer finance side, and we'll talk about that probably in an upcoming conference.
Steve Steinour: And we've been in the auto business, Matt, for more than half a century. And we were able to stress test the portfolios in 2009 where we had 10% and 14% unemployment rates. So we think we've got this really dialed in and there's a discipline with this quarterly reporting that goes back over a decade that shows this consistency. So while there may be some movement in loss rates, the overall approach has been very low to fault frequency based on the underwriting.
Steve Steinour: We like secured consumer lending, Matt, as we've shared in the past, and we believe that will put us in a comparatively great shape through the cycles.
Steve Steinour: Well, we've guided for the second half of 2022 earlier. You heard Zach's comments of generally being flattish around $1 billion of expense, and that would include the expectations of inflation and other investments that we plan to make. We started with a view of 22 last August when we did a round of expense reductions to set up and deal with the inflation, Erika, and that included the 62 branches that consolidated in early February this year. So we're on track with the plan that we laid out last summer, and we're on track, if not ahead, with TCF at this point. So a lot of confidence in this year, and then we'll be adding Capstone. We think we've got revenue synergies coming with that as well. So we like how we're positioned at this stage and optimistic certainly very confident for the year and optimistic about going forward. We will be dynamic with operating expenses relative to revenues. We've committed to positive operating leverage. And I think it's eight out of nine years in the past, and you can count on that being part of our 2023 equation.
Steve Steinour: So, just to add, we had a very good first quarter. We've talked since the fourth quarter about growing momentum, but we are not hitting on all cylinders. We still see a lot of upside on the TCF synergies and on some of the other investments we've made. So, there's a revenue dynamic that we hope we'll be able to continue and expect to be able to continue to develop throughout this year, and that will provide some cushion for maybe normalized provision as well as somewhat different scenarios. Like the way the businesses are positioned, we're roughly balanced, as you know, consumer and business. And on the business side, we've had a lot of scale added with TCF and investments made in new capabilities and products, and you'll continue to see that. That's part of the plan as we go forward this year. And I think that's going to position us to have a consistency over the next few years in a variety of scenarios.
Steve Steinour: Well, there are fee businesses that if they were available would be interesting to us. But I would characterize them generally on the smaller side and wouldn't change the overall guidance that Zach provided to you. As we continue to build out our capabilities, we look from time-to-time as we did with Huntington Technology Finance, -- I think, four or five years ago. And so this is -- there may be some opportunities over the next couple of years to complement our capabilities and build the fee-generating potential to an even greater extent than what Zach portrayed. And if we find things that make sense and would be additive to our customer service and our customer growth then we'd look at that. But we're generally very focused on driving the opportunities we have in hand with the TCF combination and the investments we've already made.
Steve Steinour: Capstone is a top-ranked middle market investment bank and advisory firm in its own right. But we have a significant client base that if the services were made available to them would help us expand our menu of cross-sell and eventually even feed our wealth businesses. So we felt this was an important additional component to the core delivery. It does give us expertise in a select number of verticals that they have as well, or access to that. And I think that will help the commercial bank grow overall. I suspect we'll continue to build out their investment banking capabilities on a national basis, so that will be additive. But we really think it's synergistic with us at the core of what we're doing and are quite optimistic about this. We have been working with them for over a year in terms of a fee share arrangement for certain referrals both ways and have really gotten insight into the culture of the company and its capabilities. And that's what made this opportunity very attractive.
Steve Steinour: We don't have plans on the build-out yet. We have a -- we're maybe a couple of months away from even closing on what they have and -- but where they have specialty capabilities, now we will take advantage of those. We'll look at that if there's some augmentation to scale up to where they have existing capabilities. And then over time, we'll assess new areas.
Steve Steinour: Brian, we've had optimal customer relationship or OCR approaches to deepening or cross sell for more than a decade now. And the TCF business lines did not. They just didn't have the capabilities. So there's a broad base of customers that we have access to the edge that we put in place the data tool for the commercial teams and that we put that in place in the fourth quarter. That's given us a lot of insight and traction coming on that overall OCR strategy. So, good execution by the teams. We also shared over the fourth quarter -- third quarter call, if I remember correctly, that we were using an investment portal with one of our partners, to move some of the deposits off balance sheet with the view that we bring some of them back on as rate cycle change, and we'll do that as well. So those may be some of the contributing factors in addition to what Zach shared. Thank you for the question.
Steve Steinour: Brian, in 2008 and 2009, that was the only ratio that we cared about, right? So -- but the industry clearly has migrated to CET1. It's surprising to me your question is the first one is probably a decade path of this nature. And we're obviously focused on it as well. That's why we have a fairly high HCM percentage of the investment portfolio. We've done certain other actions, including the hedging that Zach described today. And we'll continue to look at that, but it does not appear to be a driver. It does not come up at regulatory conversations. So it would seem that the investment community and the regulatory community both moved on to CET1.
Steve Steinour: We really like that asset class, and we've been with it in and out of cycles. It is a short duration paper on average, as Zach shared earlier, 25 months weighted average life. So even in rising rates, it gets a little tighter and declining rates, the spread looks great. We're with it. We will stay with it on a consistent basis, and that's part of the value to the dealers. And so we have shown in the past a relative premium pricing for the -- as a consequence of the consistency in the market. We believe we're still achieving that, and we like the asset a lot. It will narrow a bit in terms of spreads in a rising rate environment, but it's a short-lived asset and it's still better than many of the alternatives. As you heard from Rich, we're confident in the performance. So this is, from our perspective, a good asset of 1-plus ROA asset historically. And our dealers, our auto dealers technically the deepest cross-sell total relationship cross-sell that we have in the company.
Steve Steinour: So thank you very much for joining us today. We're very proud of our colleagues, and I want to thank them for their commitment to driving results in a great quarter. We have a lot of confidence in our teams and what we can deliver for our customers and especially our shareholders over the course of 2022 as you heard. I appreciate very much your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Betsy, thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll take that. The main driver is the rate curve of what we're seeing come through with expected forward rates. To give you a sense, at the time of our budget, we had approximately five rate hikes baked into our forecast going from 25 basis points up to 150 basis points in Fed funds by September of 2023, and it was 75 basis points by the end of 2022. Now obviously, it's significantly changed the yield curve up to 300 basis points or 150 basis points better by March 23 and with $275 million by December, so a full 200 basis points better by the end of this year. So that's the majority of what's driving it. Given our asset sensitivity, we're poised to benefit from that, both from spread – and I would say as well from the reduced drag from Fed cash that we saw in Q1 that will help us to drive that peer leading to that we expect at this point.
Zach Wasserman: I think at this point, we're expecting to continue to grow deposits as well. We see nice trends in continued deposit gathering, commercial growing faster than consumer, but both continue to be solid producers and that will be the main funding source as well as, as I said, utilizing some of the continued excess liquidity we've got on cash at this point.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. This is Zach. I'll take that one and my colleague from room here could take on the like me. Generally, we're really pleased with what we're seeing in loan taking a big step back. The strength that we're seeing in our pipeline, the realization of that flowing through into – into bookings is what gives us confidence, and we'll continue to see the momentum drive to that high single-digit loan growth by Q4. And the model for it is going to be pretty similar in the back half of the year as what we've seen for the last two quarters. That is production led with commercial growing faster than consumer, but consumer continuing to drive as well. And the sources of it within commercial, we're seeing just continued strength in mid-market. Our corporate specialty areas, equipment, inventory finance also contributing very well. Commercial real estate and auto dealer floor plan, although delivering also on the consumer side, on sheet residential mortgage is really driven by what we're seeing in the mix of purchase as well as the continued steady growth in auto and RV/Marine will really be the drivers there. From a utilization perspective, I would characterize what we saw in the quarter as modest, but encouraging and I think a healthy sign for our customers. Saw around 1% increase in general middle market lines, several percentage point increase in inventory financial. And most of that was seasonal, which is encouraging sign to see the inventory now beginning to flow to those dealers on more a steady basis that allows them to hold the inventory. And then the auto dealer floor plan business also increased by a couple of percentage points as well. And again, I think that's a function of just gradually improving auto supply chain. So overall, a pretty healthy mix in the model going forward, as I said, is production and very much driven by commercial.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. John, this is Zach, I'll take that one. Generally, across the totality of the rate hike cycle, our expectation is that we're going to see similar dynamics this rate cycle as we saw in the last one. Clearly, there are some competing forecast forces there with lower starting rates that might signal a little higher beta, but the level of excess liquidity across the industry would tend to blend to the beta and they could be lower. As I think has been noted by a number of industry participants over time. I think the general operating assumption of the industry, and we share this is that the early impacts around beta for the first several rate moves is going to be relatively lower and it will increase as the interest rate environment reaches a higher level.  But I would say two things. One is what's really important to us is how we're poised to manage against this with very robust, pretty detailed product-by-product segmented client-by-client management approaches, watching the market very carefully so that we can react and really be incredibly disciplined. And I think secondly, we're poised to benefit quite a bit here through the cycle, given the long strategy we've had to drive for primary bank relationships and core operating accounts within our business and commercial accounts. So we feel good about how we're positioned and really just staying very vigilant to manage through it, as we go forward with the next few quarters.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's about 30%. That's what we saw in the last cycle, which was baked into our model internally.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Generally, for the back half of this year, I mean, we feel great about where the costs are driving to. And, I think, we feel -- we've got exceptionally strong line of sight to see the $1 billion by -- $1 billion of core expense run rate by Q2. And that will leave us then poised to really deliver on those medium-term financial targets we've talked about. My expectation is roughly flat in the back half of this year. We're certainly seeing some inflationary pressures. And as we outperform on revenue, there's a bit of expenses that will drive for that. But generally speaking, it's approximately flat in the back half of the year based on our current outlook. And that's really driven by just very rigorous expense discipline throughout the company and driving for efficiency in our base expenses and with a mindset towards self-funding the investments we're putting into the revenue growth initiatives that we've talked about that you just mentioned a minute ago. Longer term, as we get out into 2023, the way we're posturing our long-range planning is really guided by our commitment to operating leverage, which we've delivered eight of the last nine years and feel confident and proud that we'll be able to do that again as we go into 2023.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks, Scott, for that one. We really like the level of asset sensitivity we have right now. As you know, we took a series of conservative actions last year to get to the point we are now, and we're really benefiting from it. But all along that way, we've talked about when opportunities came up to protect some of the downside to lock in some of that benefit, we would likely take that. And so that's what you saw us do it in Q1 with the net $2.7 billion of received fixed swaps, pretty modest impact on asset sensitivity as we noted in the prepared remarks, around 0.3%. From here, I would expect us to stay very much net asset sensitive in the near term. Meanwhile, slowly adding to that downside hedge protection book over the course of the coming months, as we watch the environment. We would say dynamic, that could change, but it's the general operating posture here at this point.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks for that question. I want to make sure we clarify that. So that guidance is excluding Capstone to be clear. On Capstone, we're really diving into the modeling right now and we'll come back with further guidance as we get closer to and through the close. Based on the due-diligence modeling and the company's historical run rate that we are aware of, the kind of core efficiency ratio of that business is pretty similar to what other M&A advisory boutique firms would have.  On top of that in the near-term quarters, we'll have a little bit of merger-related costs. I'm not expecting very significant comp there at all. And then lastly, some incremental compensation expenses to fund retention payments, which are really important for a deal like this. So more to come, we'll give clear guidance on it as we get closer to the acquisition.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. So, we are expecting to continue to get back to our historical practice of selling the guaranteed portion of our SBA loan production. It should -- it bears noting that the team is performing exceptionally strongly right now and really doing really, really well, driving production. So, we think that's going to support the sustainment of that sale gains, which is great.  In Q1, we had a bit of higher gains than we would have expected in the quarter just given by – from the really high level of premium in the marketplace. So it might kind of modulate modestly from that level as we go forward. But generally, that run rate will continue. And the expectation is that we'll continue to, in fact, sell that production like we have historically done.
Zach Wasserman: This is Zach and I'll take the first shot at that and then Steve to see if he wants to tack on as well. Generally, feel great about the 17% level. So, for the foreseeable future and forecasting that level even if the budgeted rate curve, which I mentioned before, was considerably lower than the current rate curve. So, I think that we feel good about that level over the medium term, as we said. One of the things that we're, frankly, internally really excited about is getting to the second half of the year, delivering these medium term targets that we first put out in December of 2020 when we announced the TCF acquisition and then being able to reset and provide some updated guidance at that point. And my expectation is we'll see at or above that level that guidance as well.
Zach Wasserman: The one thing I would just tack on to that, just at the end here is a key contributor to this is not only our balance sheet and capital allocation, which is just ever more robust and dialed in to drive cost returns, but also the growth of our fee businesses. Notwithstanding our guidance that we provided this quarter where fees will be growing. So, it's slower than spread by Q4 of this year, just driven by the extraordinary rate environment driven by some temporal factors in mortgage and our fair play product evolution, broadly speaking, though, I think the course of the long-term, which was nature of your question, I expect fee revenues to grow as a percentage of revenues by around a percentage point per year. And I think that disciplined capital allocation driving for returns, the driving toward fee-intensive businesses and payments and capital markets at our wealth and advisory, those things are the ones that sort of contribute to that sustaining ROE even under various interest rate scenarios.
Zach Wasserman: I haven't provided that guidance precisely, but I do expect continued, let's call it, mid-single-digit deposit growth overall commercial growing faster. Consumer growing a little slower, but both are growing. And I think on the consumer side, we are not seeing any imminent signs of any change in the level of savings activity and sort of trends around deposits. I think the whole concept of surge balances has been somewhat debunked at this point, but they're fairly sticky and the trends are fairly stable on the consumer side. On the commercial side, we're really benefiting from just sort of penetrating operating accounts and our focus around treasury management that's driving that as well as new client acquisition through particularly our growth in middle market and our specialty areas. So, generally seeing it is positive continued growth in deposits that are going to be single-digit slow.
Zach Wasserman: It's hard to say much about the comparison to peers is, not knowing what's in their business and the visibility that they've got. All I can tell you is, we seem to be gaining market share in winning, particularly on the commercial side. And I think it's not surprising to us, because we've been investing in our commercial business and the flow-through of deposits is sort of the manifestation of the returns on those investments we've been making, both exclusive of TCF and then as of late, really capturing the TCF opportunity to build in the middle market. As we said, we're building out terrific middle market teams in the Denver and Colorado area and the Twin Cities and just generally seizing the opportunity that's available within the new TCF geographies for Huntington in that space and then also in business banking, I would say. So again, it's hard to make a comparison, other than say, we are seeing those trends manifest then and it's encouraging. As I said before, our focus is making sure that this is not hot money. These are really core accounts. We often use treasury as sort of the -- treasury management as the tip of the spear to really drive penetration of not only those capabilities and those services, but ultimately to cement those operating accounts in terms of the strategy. So that's the trends we're seeing. We feel confident about that forecast.
Rich Pohle: And John, it's Rich. The last part of your question had to do with CapEx spending. We are absolutely seeing an increase in capital spending, given just the tightness of the labor market. So there's an intense move to automation, and we'll continue to see that through the course of the year.
Rich Pohle: Yes. No, happy to. From our standpoint, the consumer is in very good shape, particularly in the super prime segments where we play. If you look at the delinquency numbers. From our standpoint, it's all seasonal, in terms of the normal patterns that we're following there. So, we feel good about it, particularly in the spots where we play. We do expect over the course of 2022, the consumer credit metrics will start to revert a bit to the norm, but we've remained very disciplined with our LTVs and our FICOs. So, we're very comfortable with that book. It's been a steady state performer over many cycles. We feel good about it.
Rich Pohle: Matt, it's Rich. I'll take that one. We actually think the lower prices -- the used car prices coming down is a good thing. And if you look at the mix of new to used, it's actually picking up a little bit from the third quarter of 2021. So we are seeing more new product coming in as part of the mix. From an overall standpoint, we are a super prime lender in that space. We've got a high FICO and we use our custom scorecard that's been very effective in keeping us from relying on having to take the cars back in the first place. So we aren't really that concerned about the price movement that we've seen in the industry. We've been able to keep the LTVs, as you mentioned, in the mid-80s. And FICO goes around that 7.70 to 7.75 range. So we feel good about that. On the RV side, keep in mind, too, that that loan to value is based on wholesale costs, not the retail cost. So that's going to show a little bit higher, but there, we're in that 800-plus FICO. So from our standpoint, we don't see any real need to tighten. We've had great experience in both of those books. The RV/Marine book went through its first cycle with us really in the last couple of years and then outperformed our expectations from a loss standpoint. So we're not concerned at all about either one of those portfolios.
Rich Pohle: No. I think it's really a combination of both, but I would say it's more of the customers driving it than we've done any tightening. I think certainly, we've been conscious of housing prices. And I think what you're seeing on the slide there shows that we've been disciplined with our originations and making sure that there's sufficient equity going into the loan to keep us safe if there's a drop in values.
