Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Dave. Slide 16 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit quality remained strong in the quarter, although it's modest upward movement in charge-offs and a slight increase in criticized assets. The net charge-off ratio increased to 53 basis points in the quarter. Although it remains within our long term target of 35 to 55 basis points, it is an increase from the prior quarter, which saw charge-off ratio that was actually below the targeted range. The increase was driven by the home equity and Commercial Real Estate portfolios. The home equity increase was due to the recognition of approximately $13 million of Chapter 7 bankruptcy loans that were not identified in the 2012 third quarter implementation of the OCC's regulatory guidance. The Commercial Real Estate increase related to 1 borrower relationship. As I mentioned last quarter, we do expect there to be some quarter-to-quarter volatility but expect to continue to operate within our targeted charge-off range. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing were essentially flat, and at 22 basis points, remain very well-controlled. The nonaccrual loan ratio showed continued improvement in the quarter falling to 0.78% of total loans. The NPA ratio showed similar improvement falling from 95 basis points to 88 basis points. The criticized asset ratio increased slightly from 4.24% to 4.31%. The ALLL and ACL rate to loan ratios fell in the quarter to 1.57% and 1.72% respectively down from 1.76% and 1.86% in the prior quarter reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The ALLL and ACL coverage ratios both remain healthy. Slide 17 shows the trends in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates a continued reduction in our NPAs, falling another 6% in the third quarter. The chart on the right shows the NPA inflows which were up modestly in the quarter to 33 basis points of beginning of period loans. We expect to continue positive trend going forward. Slide 18 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. As mentioned, NPAs fell by 6% in the quarter. While inflows were up modestly over the previous quarter, returns to accruing status, payments and charge-offs combines results in a continuation of our steady reduction in NPAs. Turning to Slide 19. We provide a similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. This quarter saw an increase in criticized inflows with the increase due largely to 2 larger unrelated C&I loans that move to criticized status during the quarter. The level of paydowns and criticized loans was also lower in the quarter, which, combined with the increase inflows resulted in the 4% increase. Moving to Slide 20. 30-day commercial loan delinquencies fell noticeably in the third quarter to 47 basis points, the lowest level in 6 quarters. 90-day delinquencies also fell slightly and consist solely of Fidelity-purchased impaired loans which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status. Slide 21 outlines consumer loan delinquencies which are in line with expectations. 30 day consumer delinquencies showed a decrease from the second quarter. Home equity and auto delinquencies showed very slight increases while residential exhibited a more substantial decline. 90-day delinquencies remain very well controlled and were flat quarter-over-quarter in all categories except residential real estate, which was up 16 basis points from the prior quarter. Reviewing Slide 22. The loan loss provision of $11.4 million was down from $24.7 million in the prior quarter and was $44.3 million less than net charge-offs. This quarter we introduced an enhanced allowance methodology, which incorporates a more robust commercial risk rating system. The combination of the enhanced methodology along with continued improvement in overall asset quality resulted in a reduction in the ACL-to-loans ratio of 1.72% compared to 1.86% in the prior quarter. The ratio of ACL to nonaccrual loans rose from 214% to 220% due to the reduction in nonperformers. We believe these coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate. In summary, we're very pleased with the quarter's credit results. We remain focused on quality and are disciplined in our new business originations in a very competitive environment. With regard to our metrics, we anticipate the possibility of some continued quarter-to-quarter volatility but expect overall improvement, including lower criticized loans, lower NPAs and charge-offs within our longer-term targets. Let me turn the presentation over to Steve.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, Ken, this is Dan. I think our FICO scores remain very high, actually a little bit higher this quarter on average, and that includes in all of our newer markets where we have expanded. We have had as good or better FICO scores, the average LTVs are very strong. And when you look at the performance metrics, delinquencies are very, very well controlled. So we're really pleased with what we're adding to the book quarter after quarter.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: This is Dan. I think, for now, we like the asset and like it versus our other options. And as we've said before, we do monitor this portfolio based on percentage of total loans, as well as a percentage of capital. We still have continued room there. And so for the time being, we like it, and we're going to continue to originate and keep on balance sheet. And as conditions change, we'll look at changing that viewpoint, but for now, that's where we're going to be.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, I think the pipeline is growing and I think it's a good mix of -- we've got multi-family, we've got retail. We've got a REIT group that is quite active. So we like what we're seeing. And we think that we're going to be able to originate really high-quality assets and still kind of maintain the level where we want to be, which is right around the 100% of capital or in that $5 billion range.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, and so -- and I think that the word, "enhancement" is deliberate because this was not a wholesale change in methodology. It was just improving our commercial risk rating system, which now provides for greater granularity, a wider distribution of probability default and loss given default. And just a very minor adjustment in our general reserve with how we're looking at economic and the risk profile portions of that reserve. So nothing -- no major changes. We just think it's just more focused. And I don't think long term, it is going to -- we think it's going to be more accurate and better, but we don't see any substantive changes. The reflection of the ACL coming down this quarter, that was going to come down based on improving credit quality, whether or not we enhance the methodology or not. But I think we have just -- the geography of some of the numbers changed a bit, but overall very much in line with where we've been and on a go-forward basis, maybe some better predictability, but nothing major.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: No, well, I think, generally speaking, I think all of the numbers are improving. And when you look at -- you can't take any specific number in any given quarter and look at it. You have to look at the trends over time. And we've had a few quarters where inflows have either criticized or NPAs have gone up but generally speaking, those have not been the beginning of trends, and you also have to look at the other components of those flows and how many payments are we getting, how many sales, what are we charging of, what's getting upgraded, et cetera. So when you look at our reserve releases, they've actually been very much in line with the reductions from quarter-to-quarter in the major metrics, whether it's charge-offs, criticized, classified, NPAs, et cetera. And we -- delinquencies have been very well-controlled. That's obviously the major forward-looking indicator. So I think on the whole, I think the reserve releases and the reduction in the allowance have been very much in line with the asset quality metrics that we look at.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, well, look at -- we look very specifically beyond what is that inflow comprised of, is it broad-based? This quarter, we had 2 larger transactions that made up the majority of the increase over last quarter. So when we look at specifics, what's happening? How do we feel about those credits? That's a different analysis than periods of time where we see very broad-based early-stage migrations and we don't feel that we have that going on here. And so the analysis is done quarterly, and it's at a very granular level. So we feel comfortable in our numbers.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, and so during our review of the consumer portfolio this quarter, we recognized that there was a population, this 13 million, that should have been picked up and dealt with a year ago. Those regulations came towards the end of the quarter. We had to quickly make that assessment and there were -- some of these loans that should have been coded as non-reaffirmed Chapter 7s were not identified at that time. They were picked up this quarter and dealt with.
Stephen D. Steinour: We are very cognizant of a desire or need to improve our efficiency ratio and, therefore, deliver operating leverage. We're -- it's just premature to comment with specificity about how that will happen as we go forward. And so we're going to defer that until we complete the 2014 budget at this point, Erika.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's very competitive and that competition is reflected in pricing and structure. But as we've shown with our Automobile lending in particular, but have suggested across the board, we remain very disciplined. We have, on the C&I side on spot balances, had good growth quarter end to quarter end, and that's consistent with normal summer seasonality. So a nice pickup at quarter end. And we're sitting with a strong pipeline at this point on the commercial side. Some of that is attributable to the specialty banking groups that were formed over the last several years. Remember, we created 3 just late in the fourth quarter of last year that are starting to hit stride. Those 3 are food and agricultural lending, international and energy. And so our specialized areas are coming into a more mature phase, and that's helping deliver volume.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we've said we're going to be disciplined in our repurchase and we'll continue to be so. It's hard to speculate. We're not going to speculate as to whether we fulfill all of it or how much at this point, Ken.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, you answered the question at the outset with it's -- you're not complete with your 2014 budget. So it would be premature for me to go beyond where we -- what we've commented on so far, Ken. It's -- again, we're highly focused on the efficiency ratio, very cognizant of driving that to a better level, and we're going to do that through operating leverage and our continuous improvement program that we started 1.5 years ago. Things are happening and getting translated. We had an expense reset coming, if you will, off the onetime charges reflected in the third quarter, $6 million of which get carried into the fourth quarter so that will provide some benefit as we go forward.
Stephen D. Steinour: The primary flavors, so that's retail, industrial, multi and a little bit of office. It's not overly weighted in any one of those.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's hard to -- we're not in a position to talk about what they're doing generally, but as we've said over the years, in footprint on average, $500 million and $2.5 billion, good returns to our shareholders and understanding the risks involved, that we'd be prepared to acquire and this one met all the categories. So we think this is a nice deal for us, accretive in the first full year and helps us in both new market expansion a bit on the east side of Ohio, as well as gives us some opportunities to consolidate it and build our deposit base on the west side of Ohio.
Stephen D. Steinour: The branch count is, in part, a function of store availability. We've got commitments, Craig, to file them. Sometimes the store owners will make adjustments to their plans, remodeling or other things, and then we have moved the breakeven, we set a target of breakeven between 18 and 24 months. We've moved it out a bit, and that's just a function of in this lower rate environment, lower FTP contributions assigned to -- on the deposit side. The underlying dynamics in terms of new accounts opened in the in-stores versus the other channels continues to be strong and in line with prior quarters. It's a function of us sort of -- again, in the budget process, looking forward, and in this case resetting a bit. We moved it out a quarter.
Stephen D. Steinour: Craig, we're flagging it now because we've been expecting these regs any day, and currently, believe roughly at end of month. So that's why the timing on the comment.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we continue to prune our distribution like any good retailer. We think it was 2 years ago there were 29 branches, Scott, just as a point of reference, so this is not a high watermark for us. Year-over-year, we will have net 32 incremental branches so that -- to dimension it. And we have further buildout commitments on the in-stores. We are seeing transactional behavioral shifts benefiting the in-stores just because of the extended hours and 7-day-a-week program. So on average, we're seeing our teller transactions continue to increase a bit, but more of that flowing into the in-store network again because of the convenience supplied. So those in-stores are meant to be sales and service, and as the transaction -- as the flow of our customers migrates, that may give us further opportunities in the future. But we'll look at repositioning the franchise over time based on lease roles and other things to -- and some of it will be in-store, some of it will be consolidations and some level of de novo branching as we've done before.
Stephen D. Steinour: We haven't committed to where we will go, but you've touched 2 of the areas that would generally be more readily available. So comp-related, not necessarily FTE, but it could include FTE. And when I say related, I mean, commissions and incentives and benefits and other things. And we had to do that in 2009. So there is some history of responding quickly. We don't anticipate that and -- but there are other categories. Marketing, we view as an investment, so while it's available to us, it does have implications around longer-term growth and positioning of the brand. So we'll be thoughtful about where we'll -- what we cut, but we do have a process of having contingent plans routinely available and updated so that if we need to make adjustments, we can do so timely.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, in the year-to-date, remember, we started in the first quarter with $25 million to $30 million adjustment to overdraft related income by changing our posting order. And so we have to come through that in terms of getting that overall contribution. When you look at electronic banking, some of the trust and investment revenue line items, you are seeing some levels of growth translated from this increase in customer base and penetration. The consumer side, it's a game of inches, and so we're looking for steady progress on share of wallet, on share of market, and frankly, on revenue. And we had some level of revenue give up in the past like Durbin, Reg E, et cetera, that masks what would be aggregate contribution, pre-regulatory or other impacts. Commercial, if you look at that, is -- which has not had any adjustments this year, is at a new high and that one has translated more cleanly for us.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we haven't in the past been quantified, and we don't think of it, per se, as new versus existing customers because we have existing customers that will do FX trades or reposition derivatives or expand their treasury management and that's sort of routine in the commercial area. There's an element of activity that's tied to new customers, but it's not exclusive. And depending on syndication and other -- there are a variety of factors that contribute to that fee income line. And so it's not -- we haven't split it between new versus existing portfolio in the past. And we measure each new relationship and the contribution and the sources of it, but as we measure the pipelines, a lot of our capital markets activity flows through existing customers.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the first half of the year was very slow. And always from the outset of the, you'd thought, second half would be stronger than the first half. Third quarter was a strong quarter for us but as we come into the fourth quarter, we've got a good pipeline as we've said on the call. And we have to translate that and we're optimistic that, that will translate in the fourth quarter.
Stephen D. Steinour: We've looked at the trade-off between alternative investments, duration and OCI risk, with an outlook of an increasing rate environment. So there's both a liquidity and capital component to that, as well as the income trade-off. And we did not think in the first half of the year, and continue to believe, that it's a good trade-off to securitize versus hold those assets. So we're currently planning to hold through this year and as we give further guidance on '14, we'll update that. But we have a concentration limit in place that would allow us, if we chose to, to continue to hold through most of, if not all of '14.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the card was designed for customers, so it's not a broadly marketed card. It's off to a good start, but it is very early. We're ahead of where we thought we'd be at this point. But again it's 1.5 months or so.
Stephen D. Steinour: The methodology -- to be clear, the methodology was commercial and it dealt with the risk rating system change that began in 2011. We've been doing a lot of work for a couple of years on this to implement it. And then the general reserve, it had nothing to do with the consumer reserve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Throughout this year, we've seen a lot more debit card transaction volume off the same base than we had anticipated. And it looks like the consumers are spending again, so that the average tickets have changed, and that has balance implications and other things. So it's an indicator that the -- of consumer confidence and progress through the recovery. And so that's -- it's -- that's what we're implying.
Stephen D. Steinour: So, Terry, we watch the mix and what's going on with it. Some of the cross-sell menu items are revenue-related, others are expense-related. So online statements, things like that, what we're trying to both drive revenue and lower cost of servicing. And we're continuing to make progress. We also, I think earlier this year, talked about a new incentive system that has more variability and it gives us more capability to adjust our targeting than we had in the past. And we would expect to do that to enhance the performance, both of revenue and expense on the consumer side of the OCR process going forward.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the FDIC we don't actually spend a lot of time, spot in time, there's some window dressing that occurs around it. It doesn't reflect mix. So for us, we've been shifting the mix quite a bit from CD to other low-cost, no-cost. Also collateralized to government or commercial to non-collateralized. So we -- again, don't put a lot of weight into it. So it's not something we actually sit down and say we're pleased or other feeling, otherwise about it. We'll continue to adjust the mix as we go forward. Dave's comments reflected that. We've had CD maturities of a little over $3 billion over the next year at more than 1%. And that will be part of how we attempt to mitigate the pricing pressure on the asset side as it has been in the past. So let me wrap up. Grateful for the interesting questions. The third quarter from our perspective was a solid quarter. We delivered positive operating leverage for the first 9 months, a commitment we made at the beginning of the year. Revenue from the -- our investments and everyday blocking and tackling has allowed us to offset some headwinds for the mortgage market and certainly the yield curve. We've taken meaningful actions to reset the bar on expenses, and while we continue to modestly invest, we understand the need to improve our overall efficiency ratio. The consumer commercial relationships continue to grow, cross-sell continues to get better and compared to the first half, customer activity has improved in the third quarter, and we believe will in the fourth as well. We've positioned ourselves to be able to grow the balance sheet, and above all else, we will remain disciplined in the use of our capital and deliver appropriate returns. So thanks for your interest in Huntington today, and have a great day.
David S. Anderson: We've said all along that we're in different -- when we originate, we're prepared to hold or securitize. So we're not trying to adjust credit underwriting depending on the holder of the asset.
David S. Anderson: Yes, I just like to add that if you look at our baseline NIE or net interest expense and quarterly it's about $440 million, and that's what we're kind of -- we're looking at this point as our base. Steve did mention that we have an additional $6 million in charges for onetime related to the branch consolidations in the fourth quarter. But that's kind of what we're looking at from a baseline perspective. And that's down from $450 million or $50 million so...
David S. Anderson: Yes, this is Dave. We believe we're going to need to hold additional securities and at this point we're planning on purchasing additional Ginnie Mae securities so that will help meet that requirement. Obviously, the rules are not final, but based upon our interpretation at this point, we believe in 2014, it will start to add to that portfolio. That will be in loans held for sale -- I mean, investments held to maturity, I'm sorry, as opposed to available for sale.
