Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We're pleased to announce our second quarter results, which Zach will detail later. These results are supported by our colleagues, who live our purpose every day as we make people's lives better, help businesses thrive, and strengthen the communities we serve. Now, on to slide four. There are five key messages we want to share with you today. First, we are intensely focused on executing our organic growth strategies and leveraging our position of strength. Our robust liquidity and capital base put us in a position to drive growth, and we are investing in new geographies and businesses in addition to existing businesses. Second, we expanded net interest income, and we expected to continue to grow sequentially from the first quarter trough. This outlook is supported by accelerating loan growth and sustained deposit growth to power future revenue expansion. Third, we drove fee revenues higher in the quarter with support from our three major focus areas: capital markets, payments, and wealth management. Fourth, we are achieving strong credit performance with stable net charge-offs, which are tracking as expected for the year. This is a direct result of our sustained and disciplined approach to credit over many years and our aggregate moderate to low-risk appetite. Finally, we believe the net result of these actions will deliver expanded profitability from here and into 2025 and beyond. I will move us on to slide five to recap our performance. We delivered accelerated loan growth with average balances growing by $2 billion from a year ago. Annualized loan growth in the quarter was 4.7%. Average deposit balances also increased, growing $8 billion or 5.5% over the past year. Capital further strengthened with reported common equity Tier 1 of 10.4% and adjusted common equity Tier 1 of 8.6%, inclusive of AOCI. Liquidity remains top tier with coverage of uninsured deposits of 204%, a peer-leading level. Credit quality was stable as net charge-offs improved by 1 basis point from the first quarter to 29 basis points. We are sustaining momentum in the growth of our primary bank relationships, with consumer and business increasing by 2% and 4%, respectively year-over-year. Again, this past quarter, we seized the opportunity to add talented bankers. We're pleased to add new deposit-focused capabilities in the mortgage servicing and homeowners association, title, and escrow areas. These new teams build upon the prior investments we've made in the Carolinas, Texas, and three new specialty commercial verticals. As we shared last month, we are bringing in-house our merchant acquiring business within our payments organization to further accelerate revenues and capabilities. As I mentioned, our disciplined positioning of robust capital and liquidity enables our ability to sustain a growth posture. Capital continues to increase, with adjusted CET1 up approximately 50 basis points from a year ago. Liquidity continues to be robust, supported by sustained deposit gathering. We were pleased to once again deliver top quartile results in this year's CCAR stress test exercise with Huntington’s modeled credit losses second best in the peer group. Our stress capital buffer was reduced and came in at the minimum level of 2.5%. Across our markets, we see the broader economy continuing to hold up. Our new initiatives, teams, and geographies provide growth opportunities, even as the broader environment for customer loan demand remains somewhat muted. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Steve Steinour: Yes. Thanks, Manan. Good morning. A great question. Appreciate the chance to elaborate on this one. Well, as I noted in the prepared remarks, we're already beginning the early stages of the down beta playbook. I think reducing acquisition rates, shifting the acquisition mix from time deposits toward more money market, which is easier and faster to manage on a down beta trajectory, shortening the duration of CDs and making targeted rate reductions in certain client segments. So already beginning these actions and they've benefited us in the second quarter. As we look forward, clearly, the performance and trajectory of our beta will be a function of what not only the core yield curve projects, but importantly what clients in the markets generally believe to be the rate environment. With that being said, what we're seeing set up now is very conducive to continuing this action, being ready to actually implement the full down beta playbook when we presumably see a rate reduction later this year. So there's good confidence in where things are going in terms of that. It's a little early to give precise guidance here because clearly the trajectory on beta over the course of the first year. So it will be a function of those market expectations. But it's our general working assumption that we'll be in the mid to high-20s percent down beta range over a kind of first year period and then continuing from there. And as I said, sort of shaping up pretty well here in the early days a bit.
Steve Steinour: No. Look, it is certainly a competitive environment. And we're driving growth, as we said, into the second quarter. On a dollar basis, we saw double the growth into the second quarter than we saw in the first quarter. So the acceleration that we have been calling for some time we're seeing. And so we feel pretty pleased about that. Part of the question on loan spreads for us overall on a net basis is where are we growing, what segments, what categories are we growing in. And where we're focused is driving growth in a lot of the new areas we've been investing in, which typically come on with pretty attractive spreads relative to the average. I would characterize the spread environment generally as pretty flat on a product and category level. And for us, we're really focused on trying to drive capital optimization, obviously, in the areas with the highest return that often have good spreads, but it could also come with fee business performance as well.
Steve Steinour: Yes, great, question. So let me sort of address some of the thinking around NIM trajectory, asset sensitivity plans. But the objective we've had vis-a-vis asset sensitivity management over the last year, year and a half even has been to allow our natural asset sensitivity to really maximize the value of the up rate environment, which works pretty well. Clearly, now as we think about rates topping out and then presumably beginning to fall, where we are strategically reducing asset sensitivity. And in the prepared remarks, I highlighted that the combination of increasing forward-starting received fixed swaps and expiration of pay fixed swaps will reduce asset sensitivity by about a third between now and the end of -- I'm sorry, the middle of next year. And we'll continue to be dynamic in managing that, but that's a very intentional reduction in asset sensitivity to manage in the presence of reduced trades. I think on NIM, generally seeing pretty stable trends here over the next several quarters. And there are two substantive positive factors we've discussed over time. Fixed asset repricing will continue to benefit the NIM. We -- second factor hedge drag, about 16 basis points of net hedge drag in the second quarter that we just closed. So that will go down to almost a neutral position by the middle of next year in an implied forward scenario. So we'll get some benefits from that pretty steadily here over the next several quarters. The other two factors that are very rate path-dependent, clearly are what happens with variable yields, what happens with interest-bearing liability costs. But in our expectation, you'll see an accelerating and an effective down beta that will help to mitigate variable yield reductions. And the net of those things will be a pretty flat NIM here. But I think over the longer term, we do see certainly the opportunities to drive NIM higher in a more upwards curve -- upward sloping yield curve environment. And so, that is I think what the market is expecting. So we're pretty positive about where NIM will go over the longer-term after we get through this initial stages of that rate.
Steve Steinour: I think I'm expecting to see very strong performance in these new initiatives. We're really pleased with how they're doing. Every one of them has booked customers, is booking loans. We're seeing good performance on the full relationship in terms of deposits and fees starting to come through. So really pleased with it. And I also wouldn't characterize it necessarily as them bringing their books over. These were talented bankers with deep experience in their industries and those geographies we've launched in and we're just sort of driving through new client acquisition on a pretty core basis. The trajectory of growth that you highlighted, I expect to see a pretty steady build from here. I don't know that I'd see acceleration per se, but the trajectory we're on is already very accretive to loan growth.
Steve Steinour: Scott, this is Steve. I'll take the question. And our auto business has performed very well this year and in the second quarter, we expect it will continue. We don't -- we're not using it as a buffer. I think that was essentially what you were asking. We just see it as a terrific opportunity. Some of the other banks in the last year or so pulled back on auto. It's created a bit of an opportunity for us and we'd expect to continue generating significant volume and growth. As you saw at the CLM, and as we've done in the past with auto securitization, we'll manage aggregate exposure with the book, but we've got quite a bit of work at this point. In terms of quality of the book, it's a super prime book. And so very low default, and we've talked about this for years. We focus on default frequency. On the margin, the used car pricing can have a slight impact on incremental loss or avoided loss, but -- on each repossession, but it's not going to be a big number for us either way. We've shown that this book performs very well over the years, we expect it will continue to do so.
Steve Steinour: Ebrahim, Zach has shared in the past, efforts to lower growth rates in core expense levels of the Bank in order to continue to invest in different opportunities, revenue-producing opportunities primarily. You should expect to see that from us in '25 and beyond as well.
Steve Steinour: Well, our pipelines go out a couple of quarters. And so, we have visibility through -- not full visibility, but partial visibility through the fourth quarter. We don't yet have significant visibility into '25. Certain businesses, though, because of the nature of their relationships, our distribution finance, we tie back into to the supply base and we get some insight from them as to what they intend to produce. But on the whole, we don't have significant multi-quarter visibility, Jon. But we do see from our customer base, however, they're performing well this year. I think there's an expectation as rates come down that they'll be doing more -- even more business next year. And that's a general sentiment they sort of share with you.
Steve Steinour: So credit continues to perform very well. We're very pleased with performance year-to-date. The outlook looks good. As you know, we spent a lot of time on portfolio reviews and management and it's looking good. So there'll be some lumpiness in commercial real estate over the next couple of years for us and others in the industry. But outside of that are looking good. And on the whole, for us, it's not going to be an issue. As you know, our CRE concentration continues to reduce. So I think we had a little over $250 million of office payouts over the last six quarters. The hack with construction unused commitments have been absorbed. So books in -- the CRE book's in good shape.
Steve Steinour: Well, thank you for joining us today. In closing, we're pleased with our second quarter results, having delivered sequential growth in both spread and fee revenues. We're expecting our organic growth strategies and our investments are bearing fruit with momentum building across the Bank. Our competitive position remains strong with robust capital liquidity. We continue to seize the opportunities to add talented bankers across our businesses. We remain focused on our long-term strategic objectives. And collectively, the Board, executives and our colleagues are a top 10 shareholder. We have a strong alignment of delivering meaningful value for our shareholders. Finally, special thank you to our nearly 20,000 colleagues here at the Bank who support our customers every day and are the backbone of these results. Thank you for your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Erika for the question. This is Zach. I'll take it. Your line was clipping a little bit as I went over. But I think what I heard was what is our expectation for loan growth and kind of deposit price -- sorry, deposit growth, I'm sorry, and deposit pricing here in the back half of the year and will we have enough to fund loans going forward and what the kind of rate trajectory is around that. So let me see if I can address that. And if I haven't covered it, you can follow-up. Look, I think we're really pleased with how things are going on deposit gathering, for sure. If you take a big step back, 15% outperformance versus the peer median over the course of the rate cycle with a beta that compares pretty favorably to both history and peer. So really doing well. I think what that's allowing us to do is, to your question, prefund to some degree our future loan growth that we've seen the loan to deposit ratio just the last year go from 84% this time last year to 81% now the quarter we disclosed. So sort of sets up that ability to fund with core deposits, decelerating loan growth that we expect. But also I would note and it sort of goes back to Manan's question a second ago, it gives us a lot of flexibility to really manage down beta and to be selective and disciplined in terms of where that next unit of funding will come from. And so that is sort of the intention and we've been performing really well. So I mean, to some degree, I will share that we're actually outperforming our initial budget on deposit growth, is one of the reasons why we elevated the deposit growth forecast up to the high end of our initial guidance range. I think we saw extraordinary level of growth into the second quarter, almost $3 billion. I don't expect that same level of sequential growth into the second quarter, but I do expect it to grow and I would see some nice sequential growth into the fourth quarter too, and to be within that overall guidance range of 3 to 4 for the full-year. So I think that will allow us to kind of absorb the increased lending volumes that we're projecting and core fund them and set up the ability to manage down beta. In terms of pricing strategy, we'll sort of go back a little bit to the answer I gave to Manan, which is we're being judicious. We're still in acquisition mode, but we're very much cognizant that we are in a position of strength and that can allow us to execute the early stages of down beta. So we're seeing it in the marketplace, reductions in go-to-market acquisition pricing. We're likewise doing that and taking that opportunity. And I believe that if we do get rate reductions here in September, which just seems to be a certainty based on the market expectations, we'll be able to continue that and to drive it forward even further.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question. So we -- our practice in terms of setting these ranges is try to box where we think our basic trend is going. So we're generally trending pretty well, though, in that range, and that's including a couple of cuts there. I do think that a lot of -- one of the key factors in managing a flat NIM will be that continued execution on reducing the trajectory of interest rate cuts rising and then begin to driving them lower. And of course, the real ability to do that is a function of what the competitive environment is and what customers believe the rate path is. And so it will be dependent on the conviction of the market and the economy broadly where our rates are going. But with that being said, the data does continue to set up pretty good confidence around where the yield curve will go. And so feel pretty good about our ability to do that. So the other element of it clearly is loan growth. And we're seeing really encouraging signs there. Pipelines look strong, solid performance in Q2, expects to continue to grow and accelerate on a year-over-year basis here in the back half of the year. I think we could see even faster loan growth if some of our new growth initiatives perform even well -- even better than they're forecasted to do in our base plan. The pipelines there look really good. And so, the pull through is even better. Based on our base plan, we see some upward bias on loan growth. Likewise, what we haven't addressed in the Q&A section here is we did see more CRE run-off in the second quarter than we had expected at the kind of initial budgeting. To the extent that that is lower going forward, you can see some higher loan volumes and that could lift revenues above the base plan. Conversely, if any of those factors were worse, that could take it to the lower end. But feel pretty good about trending right in the middle of that range at this point, Steven.
Zach Wasserman: On track for that is the headline answer there. I feel really good about how we're managing expenses for the year. There's clearly been a little bit of timing delta from where we would have initially expected to where we are now, but the full-year looks quite in line where we would have thought initially and in line with our guidance. What that will set up is, as we've discussed on previous calls, a steady deceleration in the rate of year-over-year growth as we go throughout the course of this year. I think expense growth last quarter was about 5% year-over-year. This is like around 6%, I think, effectively in Q2 we disclosed. That will trend toward low-single-digits by the time we get to the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. And our expectation we'll see that -- run that trend down into 2025.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, great question. I think that we're really pleased with how we're doing on deposit gathering and to some degree just prefunding loan growth that we're expecting to continue to drive higher here over time. And so, I'd expect over the course of a longer time period, likely see the loan to deposit ratio drift back higher again, but stay within a pretty tight range. The objective we've got on average over time is to grow our deposits at a very similar rate to loans, and the delta would only be kind of temporary as we see trends on a relatively short-term basis might be to diverge. So over the back half of this year, I'm expecting to see maybe slightly faster sequential loan growth than deposit growth, but not so meaningful as to probably shift that ratio very much. Fundamentally, what we're seeing in terms of deposit growth is the same function we've been seeing for the last several quarters. Underlying acquisition of new relationships is quite good. We talked about 2% primary bank household growth in consumer, 4% in business bank, commercial also growing a lot of new names and new customers, particularly given our new growth initiatives. And also importantly, a couple of the new verticals we've added, very much focused on deposit gathering, which is very much helpful. The mix of it, as I noted in one of the earlier questions, is actively shifting out of more time into more money market, that sort of value driver from here, which will help us set up the ability to move beta down at a faster rate going forward. And all that's going to contribute to just that sort of slow progression of topping out deposit costs and then bringing them back down in that decelerating way on the up and then accelerating on the way down as we've discussed. That's sort of what we're seeing at this point. In terms of non-interest bearing, I don't think I've gotten the question as yet, but I think in the materials, you can see the chart where that's going. We're seeing a meaningful deceleration of that mix shift out of non-interest bearing into the first quarter, that will give you a sense from the fourth quarter, $1.3 billion reduction in non-interest bearing into the -- second quarter, we disclosed only $300 million of reduction in non-interest bearing. And in fact, consumer went up. So we think we're almost done here in terms of mix shift out of non-interest bearing and this will last until -- here in the near-term.
Zach Wasserman: So the thing with -- great question again. The point we've been discussing, I think for a while in terms of expense growth, this year 4.5%, was intentionally higher than what we otherwise were kind of running at, so that we could invest in some of these new growth initiatives and also importantly, invest a lot of data and automation capabilities throughout the company. But that pace of growth would reduce as we went into 2025. And that is our plan. I expect to see lower growth rate of expenses in 2025 than I saw in 20 -- than we're seeing in 2024. And the sort of the trend is very much supportive of that, because by the time we'll exit this year, we'll already be exiting at a kind of run rate of year-over-year growth that's quite low. So try to maintain that lower growth rate as we go into '25.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, great question. This is Zach. I'll take that one. If you take a step back and look at our capital plans, and put these transactions in the context of the overall capital plan, the plan is really twofold. Drive adjusted CET1 higher. We were 8.6% adjusted CET1 in the second quarter. We intend to drive that up into our operating range of 9% to 10%. I think we're just a handful of quarters away from achieving that, our current trajectory. And then the second key objective is fund high-return loan growth, and we're doing that. And I think as we said that will continue and accelerate on a year-over-year basis. And the prime driver of creating the capital to support those objectives is organic earnings and the core earnings power of the company. And that really is the core focus, the prime focus. With that being said, and just shifting now to your question on CRT and CLNs, at the margin, these transactions can be very helpful for just further RWA and balance sheet optimization. And so, we're pleased to do a [CDS] (ph) transaction in the fourth quarter of last year and then a very successful credit-linked-note transaction in the second quarter. To give you a sense of the economics, the second quarter yield was exceptionally good. Less than a 3% cost of capital. So what do I mean by that? $4 billion notional transaction against high-quality indirect auto loans, 74% reduction in risk-weighted assets through the transaction, so $3 billion reduction in RWA. We also get almost $500 million of funding from the transaction. And the cost of that is only $7 million into spread on a year-one basis, plus some modest upfront transaction costs. So it's incredibly efficient at the margins, unlocked 17 bps of CET1, and just continue to support those prime objectives. So we look at it as very much tactical. It's not the core underlying driver, but just these opportunistic things that come through, and really pleased with how well [Technical Difficulty] economics are incredibly favorable.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll take that one. So would share your -- the other line of [Technical Difficulty] your question was fee income performance was very strong. We were really pleased with what we saw. Second quarter was up 6% sequentially from the first. Continue to run at a 5% year-over-year growth rate, similar to the first quarter year-over-year. And our expectation is to land within our 5% to 7% full-year range. And as we get into the back half of the year, and we've got some of the grow-overs versus last year, get a little easier. With that being said, I think we'll continue to power sequential growth here and it really is the three priority areas of focus; capital markets, payments, and wealth management. Execution quality is very strong and the trends we're seeing continue to be very much conducive to that. The payments up 5% year-over-year in Q2. Treasury management is within that double-digit growth, driven by client penetration. Wealth management continues to run at very strong levels. Our performance advisory, households up 8. AUM and net flows look really good and that's driving revenue up 8%. And capital markets, which clearly has been a little bit choppy in the back half of last year, we were pleased to see what we would expect, which was strong growth in the second quarter, particularly in our advisory business, where we know that the middle-market M&A has been in a challenging environment as yields were -- as interest rate environment was rising last year, that activity is now picking up and I think will sustain. So I'm expecting sequential growth in each of those areas. I think where we land in the range will be clearly a function of how well we perform in it, but strong confidence we'll get there.
