David S. Anderson: Ken, this is Dave. Thank you for the question. We have a very disciplined approach to buying back shares. We look at a number of factors, including the effect on tangible book value. So we -- this is consistent with what we talked about in the third quarter. We didn't do a lot of share repurchases. We continue to look at our capital, and our priority is obviously our core growth, strong dividend, and then everything else, which includes share repurchase, merger acquisition, potential opportunities, as well as potentially also purchasing some of our trust -- higher cost trust-preferred securities back. So we still have $136 million of share repurchases in our original capital plan, and I really can't give you an outlook as to what we would expect in this quarter.
David S. Anderson: So when we look at tangible book value, we obviously do not want to provide a significant dilution to that tangible book value.
David S. Anderson: So our outlook in NIE is that it will be fairly flat year-over-year, with the exception of the net one-time benefit of $10 million for the significant items.
David S. Anderson: For the quarter, the benefit of the derivatives was about $23 million, which is down from prior quarters. But -- I'm sorry, the -- yes, the benefit was about $23 million.
David S. Anderson: Well, we saw very good growth in middle-market. The different verticals we've been -- invested in over the last few years are really all contributing, as well as we saw good growth in equipment leasing.
Stephen D. Steinour: It has not abated. It's been competitive for last couple of years, and we think it will stay competitive through '14. We've taken an approach that we're focused on returns and not market share or aggregate volume. We happen to be -- because we've been in this for a long time, and I think we're strong through the downturn. We've been able to generate growth, again, a record year in '13 for us. But we did not keep pace with the growth in new car sales.
Stephen D. Steinour: No. Our credit boxes is very tight, and that's not against something we look at every week. And you got stats in the material -- the additional publishing -- our published documents, sorry, that we have here that will show a very tight cycle range and loan-to-value.
Stephen D. Steinour: So we -- when we adjusted in February of '13, we gave you a range of $25 million to $30 million of expected posting order impact. We can't be exactly precise with it because of behavioral changes. But the growth in our consumer checking households took us to, I think, a 4% year-over-year increase in that category. Now as we look at all of our consumer fees, and not just related to checking account, we continue to challenge ourselves internally about, do we have opportunities to distinguish? Do we have the ability to create better economics for us over time, consistent with our Fair Play philosophy? And when we did 24-Hour Grace, we thought it would have a payback in a couple of years, it turned out to be a couple of quarters. So that was a very healthy process that we did in '10, and we continue to do that. A consequence of that -- we don't have anything committed at this point for '14, but the consequence of that could be changes we make during the course of the year.
Stephen D. Steinour: We do. We try to give you guidance on net interest income growth, fueled by auto and commercial, largely, modest growth off the other categories despite NIM pressures. And that should help us translate with the tight expense management that you've seen in the last couple of quarters in particular.
Stephen D. Steinour: We're looking at all of our fees and we have been for the last few years. And from time to time, we'll make decisions on where we may want to adjust them and/or eliminate them. But it's not a new activity per se for us.
Stephen D. Steinour: We're challenging ourselves. We think there's a contrarian moment here and much like we thought there was in '09 and '10. And so we're pointing it out for that reason.
Stephen D. Steinour: I don't think we provided that kind of specific guidance in the past and are not prepared to do that at this moment.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, again, we have it, but I don't think we provided it historically. Okay? Don't mean to frustrate you. Thank you.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we had across-the-board performance, and I'm not sure that necessarily came through or was picked up by your comments. So it wasn't like one of our verticals or a couple of verticals. We really felt fourth quarter, we were hitting on most cylinders on the commercial side. And as we stepped into the new year, that pipeline, that robust pipeline, commercial pipeline we referenced, is across the board as well.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, I don't think we've given guidance that specific at this point. But we did have a good fourth quarter that at least as we start the year continues with a strong pipeline.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the margin for us in the fourth quarter was down 6 bps, 3 of that was securities and some swap activity and the rest was -- the other 3 bps were related to the competitive pressures on loans and the inability to close it out over the deposit side. We tried to get ahead of the B III liquidity requirements, and we added about $1.9 billion of investment portfolio, and that came in during the quarter. So it's -- you don't have all of it factored into that 3.28% [ph] margin for the quarter. But there will be ongoing competitive pressures. We will take steps to respond to those pressures, including the $2.5 billion of CDs that repriced during the year and some other things that we were able to do.
Stephen D. Steinour: Let's see, what have we said in the past? Modest is maybe plus or minus 3%, and moderate would be up to 8%.
Stephen D. Steinour: We haven't been that specific. We do expect operating leverage, we've committed to that in '14, and we would expect that to translate into an improved deficiency ratio again on both fronts. But we're not going to be more specific than that over time. We've got a long-term shareholder alignment here as most of us are meaningful owners as well. And so as we said last year, we do intend to drive more to the bottom line by working that efficiency ratio, and we'll do that. We have investments that are maturing as well, and we've made a lot of investments in the last few years. You can see it in part on the commercial performance. Across the board, our newer verticals are contributing now with our traditional middle market and other areas for commercial. You can see it on auto, the expansions in different geography in a number of different ways. And we're not mature. We would expect them to continue to benefit from further seasoning and growth.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's an -- normally, fourth quarters are strong, so it would -- we wouldn't traditionally key the fourth quarter in and fully annualize that. But we had a strong quarter, and we have a robust pipeline. We had a strong fourth quarter in '12. Pipeline was a little lighter, certainly by comparison, was lighter, meaningfully different than how we start this year.
Stephen D. Steinour: Certainly. Sameer, our utilization rates are flat. They're at or near all-time lows, by the way. So at some point, there'll be a pickup on utilization. We've made a number of investments in vertical businesses, specialty businesses, energy, ag, food and ag, international, most recently. But there were prior verticals as well. Those verticals, combined with our middle-market and other capabilities of a general nature, seem to be firing together on all cylinders. During the course of the year, we referenced that in some areas that we just weren't comfortable with structure or tenure that we actually backed away. There was a couple hundred million dollars of corporate lending, large corporate lending that frankly reduced balances year-over-year as a consequence of us trying to hold in. As you've seen over the last few years, when we published our portfolio yields, we've held in better than average and certainly, our NIM has held in better than average on a multi-year basis. But the -- so we don't think of ourselves as extraordinarily reaching for growth. You would have seen a wide variability last year in our commercial lending by quarter for -- as another proof point. But we are in a region of the economy that actually has outperformed over the last few years. And we benefited from that, the auto recovery, the gas play, but we were headquartered in Columbus. Columbus has a 6% -- sub-6% unemployment rate as an example. So we are benefiting from our geography perhaps in ways that might not be consistent with how you would have thought of the Midwest over time.
Stephen D. Steinour: So Sameer, as you look at our commercial growth combined over time, you didn't think the -- that core growth in general commercial gets masked by the reduction in Commercial Real Estate. We've now got it -- Commercial Real Estate at a plateau, roughly 100% of capital where we intend to keep it in more or less at that level.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we made some changes in mid-2011 in how we approached price and frankly, the allowable variance in pricing. And my understanding is the industry, Sameer, is somewhere around 250 basis points of variable pricing to the dealers, and we are well inside that by policy as of the middle of 2011. So if we had volume adjustments, we've absorbed them over the last few years. But we like our approach. We're comfortable with how we originate and expect to continue on the basis that we're doing today.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, thank you very much. We appreciate your interest. 2013 was a solid year for us at Huntington. And if the trend holds, our return on assets of 1.13% should put us in the top quartile of the largest 100 banks in the U.S. again. We delivered positive operating leverage as we dramatically managed the company to reflect how the environment changed, while having strong execution of our long-term strategy. We understand the need to improve our overall efficiency ratio, and in our investments and continuous improvement program are delivering and will continue to deliver sustainable results. And will not only come from the easier lever of expense, but the top line growth, as our investments continue to mature. In 2013, we delivered positive operating leverage, and then we've said we will do that again. We will deliver positive operating leverage in 2014. And to shareholders and many of our colleagues, our shareholders, if you take nothing else away, remember that we, too, are shareholders, the management board and employees understand the need to balance the investments that drive long-term value-creation and returns. So again, thanks for your interest. Have a great day.
Sameer Gokhale: Just a couple. Again, just on in terms of C&I loans. One of your -- one of the other banks have reported today sort of they really hadn't seen any increase in their utilization rates on C&I loans. I was wondering if that's the same dynamic that you're seeing as well. And then in terms of the outlook for growth, I mean, C&I has been one of the strongest areas of loan growth, I think, across C&I lenders in general for the last couple of years. So I'm trying to reconcile that with the commentary about the pipeline being strong, because it seems like at some point, we should see a natural slowdown in C&I lending and borrowing, given the fact that there's been so much strength over the last couple of years. So I'm trying to just figure out if that's a function of pricing, banks willing to give up on pricing to drive growth? Or are you seeing kind of risk-adjusted returns remaining relatively constant in C&I loans? So if you could help us give us some color with that, that would be helpful.
Sameer Gokhale: That's really helpful color and specifically, on the C&I loans, that was very helpful. Just another question, in terms of the auto business and dealer markups, I know that's been an area of focus for the CFPB. I was just trying to get a sense for where you were in that process. Have you already rolled out new policies? Has that somehow affected your relationship with dealerships? Has that really not been an issue for you? Any perspective on that will be helpful.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. I know in 2013, it seems like the CFPB had come up with some new guidance, and it sounds like you're well below industry standards in terms of the markup. So that's helpful.
