Howell D. McCullough: And, Scott, I think this is where we see the volatility that we've been talking about in terms of charge-offs because of the low levels that we're running at. As Dan mentioned, it's a credit or two on the commercial side without the recoveries to offset that. So, clearly, the volatility is as we expected. And I would say that there's probably about $12 million that Dan mentioned associated with the loans held-for-sale and kind of the date to FirstMerit provision for the portfolios that he mentioned that had higher interest marks.
Howell D. McCullough: So, Bob, I would think about that core margin as being 3.04% – 3.06% absent of purchase accounting impact and it's two basis points for the interest recovery that we had in the quarter that added two basis points to it. There probably was about $4 million or $5 million in the quarter related to accelerated accretion for early pay-offs and those types of things. But, I think, thinking about the rest of it from a purchase accounting perspective and thinking about projecting that forward would be the right way to think about it. We are comfortable with the core margin staying above 3% for the remainder of the year. And I think it's also important to note that, on a core basis, FirstMerit was accretive to the core margin simply because of asset mix and the fact that they brought more DDA to the funding mix as well.
Howell D. McCullough: Yeah. I think 3.04% is the right way to think about the core. The purchase accounting piece is a bit difficult because of what could happen from an accelerated accretion perspective, but I think you're pretty safe thinking about that core of 3.04%.
Howell D. McCullough: Yes. So, Steven, it'd be about 8% year-over-year, and it would be the categories that we've talked about previously that were driving the growth. It's indirect auto, its equipment financing, at least, on the Huntington side. I think we continue to see good pipelines on the commercial side of the business. And, I think, resi probably had some growth in the quarter as well. So, those were the categories that have been good for us this year. And the 8% is not out of balance, maybe a little bit higher than where we've been so far quarter-by-quarter this year.
Howell D. McCullough: Yeah. Let's see if there might be a page we can direct you to in the deck. I mean, if you take a look at page 30 of the slide deck, might be the best place to look. It's September 30 balance sheet. It's on the asset side. And you can see that total commercial loans sort of about $35 billion at a spot basis, consumer about $31.4 billion and total loans and leases are about $66 billion.
Howell D. McCullough: The securities book will go up a bit from here, because we are going to replace the auto loans with zero weighted risk-weighted assets. So, think about maybe another $2 billion or so in securities. So, that will come on, some others have already come on, some will come on in the fourth quarter as well.
Howell D. McCullough: From a funding perspective, for the other loans that we're going to sell, we're going to pay down funding sources.
Howell D. McCullough: So, yes. So, the $175 million was put in place before we had an agreement with FirstMerit. So, it was put in place on a smaller capital base and we define capital as Tier 1 capital plus the allowance. So, there really wasn't an ability for us to get to the $175 million. We're not going to be a national player in auto. We like the geography that we're in. We like the business model that we have in place. We're not going to change the underwriting or the risk profile. And, quite frankly, as we bring on FirstMerit, we have other opportunities to invest capital at higher returns. So that's primarily why we did it. We've always been at $150 million historically, and we just feel that operating at $125 million gives us flexibility to perhaps go over $125 million from a timing perspective, if we're getting the securitization done. And if we don't like the market conditions, we can hold this above $125 million until we like the market conditions. So, that's the way we're thinking about it.
Stephen D. Steinour: And, Scott, just one other comment. I think just as you're looking at it go-forward, the asset quality metrics in terms of the criticized, we had a reduction in nonaccruals, et cetera. So, very steady delinquencies. So there's nothing out there that would indicate that we expect a turn here, so, just in terms of you thinking about provisioning going forward.
Stephen D. Steinour: We don't anticipate any meaningful change in incentive systems. There are certain things that we measure top of the house that are not pushed down at the account level, so – or at the officer level. So, that would include – we focus our branches and officers on revenue, not product-specific or product required sales, Steven. So, we don't anticipate any meaningful change on the incentive plans from where we are now. And I do think we'll put more sort of oversight and analysis in, but we've already been doing a fair amount of that.
Stephen D. Steinour: Pipelines look strong at this point as we go into the fourth quarter in those categories, Steven, as well.
Stephen D. Steinour: Okay. The third quarter was highlighted by the closing of FirstMerit acquisition and our continued strong financial performance. With sound fundamentals in place, we're well-positioned for solid performance in the coming quarters. And our strategies are working. Our execution remains focused and strong. We expect to continue to gain market share and improve share of wallet. The addition of FirstMerit's solid balance sheet, strong credit performance, valuable customer base and dynamic new markets provide opportunity to further augment or accelerate the achievement of our long-term financial goals. Finally, I want to close by reiterating that our board and this management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priority is integrating FirstMerit and growing our core business while managing risks, reducing volatility and driving solid, consistent long-term performance. So, thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today and have a great day.
