Steve Steinour: Thanks Mac. Turning to slide 16, as I alluded to in my opening remarks, our fair play banking philosophy, coupled with optimal customer relationship or OCR, continues to drive new customer growth and improve product penetration. This slide illustrates the continued upward trend in consumer checking account households and over the last year consumer checking account households grew by 9%. The first quarter was up a little over 1% from the prior quarter. Our strategy is not just about market share gains, but also gains in share of wallet. We continue to focus on increasing the number of products and services we've provided customers knowing that this will translate into revenue growth. Our OCR cross-sell goal of six or more products and services crossed the 50% mark this quarter up 202 basis points from a year ago and that's on the entire book. Correspondingly our consumer checking account household revenue for the fourth quarter is up 9% year-over-year. As you can see on slide 17, commercial relationship growth has returned as we work through the impact of the changes we made in our business banking checking products that impacted approximately 10,000 of lower balance accounts. Commercial relationships increased 5% year-over-year our four or more products OCR cross-sell for commercial relationships improved to almost 43% this quarter up more than 3% from a year ago. Slide 18 shows our current year-to-date operating leverage results. As I noted during last quarter's earnings conference call, year-long positive operating leverage is the long-term strategic goal for Huntington and we remain committed to delivering on that goal for 2015. One thing I want to note in the 2014 first quarter we realized $17 million in securities gains as part of our efforts to reposition the portfolio in preparation for the upcoming Basel III LCR rule implementation. On a year-over-year basis, the absence of these gains in the 2015 first quarter obviously hurt us from a comparison standpoint, but regardless we're confident in our ability to achieve positive operating leverage in 2015. Now turning to slide 19, for some closing remarks and expectations. We remain optimistic about the ongoing economic improvement in our footprint as well as on the national level. And while our loan pipelines are strong, we continue to be selective in growing commercial real estate and C&I portfolios. We're committed to delivering strong results in a flat interest rate environment. Our current budget has been built around the current rate environment and our execution is not dependent on our rate increase. We’ll continue to reinvest cash flows of approximately $125 million to $150 million per month from the existing investment securities into LCR-compliant, high-quality liquid assets. The NIM pressure will remain a headwind until interest rates start moving up, but we expect to grow revenue despite this pressure.  We are maintaining our credit structure and pricing discipline. We’re not chasing growth where returns are inadequate or without regard to risk. Excluding significant items, net MSR activity and acquisitions, we’re committed to positive operating leverage for the full year 2015 with revenue growth exceeding noninterest expense growth of 2% to 4%. Finally, we expect to see asset quality metrics near current levels. We expect net charge-offs will remain in or below our long-term expected range of 35 to 55 basis points. Modest changes are anticipated quarter-to-quarter given the absolute low level of our credit metrics. Longer-term we are managing the franchise to deliver consistent strong shareholder returns. We've built a strong consumer brand with differentiated products and superior customer service. We’re executing our strategies and adjusting to our environment where necessary.  In addition, there is a high level of alignment between employees and shareholders and we're highly focused on our commitment to be good stewards of shareholders' capital.  So with that, I’ll turn it back over to Mark.
Steve Steinour: You did catch it right Erika. We added about $500 million in the first quarter. The monthly cash flow is going to give us between 125 and 150 that will substitute in as well. And net beyond that as Mac said was modest it’s around $250 million. So we had started the year and reference a number of up to $1 billion. It looks like it’s going to be at 750 now as we see the cash flows adjusting and 500 is already in. 
Steve Steinour: Well the increment is not that large, so we got a variety of funding sources we certainly could do a debt issuance later this year, but not committed. We had very good core deposit growth through the first quarter and looking to obviously keep as much core funded growth in deposits as possible moving forward.
Steve Steinour: Josh, this is Steve, we have – we continue to look at different opportunities and as we’ve said over the years our preference would be to look at banks and non-banks in our footprint, but we’re prepared to look at opportunities that sort of are on the shoulders of our existing footprint. There’s a level of discussion that’s in line with what we saw last year and so don’t see a huge spike in activity at this point.
Steve Steinour: Well, we have those conversations with all of our customers. We've looked at our portfolio and done assessment of those that have good portion of their volumes which are export related. We've also looked at those companies that have a large portion of their cost of goods that they are getting from overseas and there is positive and negative done on both sides of that. But in total we remain comfortable. We are obviously concentrated in the Midwest, so we have a big manufacturing concentration. But that's also what we know, and are very comfortable with and are close to the industries that we serve. So all-in-all I think on the whole we feel good about where our customer base is situated and many of them over the last few years have been working and bolstering their balance sheets and getting in good shape and so we're quite comfortable.
Steve Steinour: So thank you, this is Steve. We're grateful for your attendance. We're obviously pleased with our performance in the first quarter. Results reflected the ongoing disciplined execution of our strategies and the strong competitive position that we enjoy today at Huntington. We've received ongoing recognition around superior customer service and that helps further separate our brand from our peers. We continue to gain market share and we're improving our share of wallet in both of our customer segments. We produced revenue growth in a challenging environment. We remain focused on pricing and underwriting discipline as you heard. We've also completed the acquisition of Macquarie Equipment Finance and look forward to integrating their business into our franchise. And finally, our Board and the management team, we're all long-term shareholders, so we remain focused on managing the risk, reducing volatility, while yet investing for top line growth and delivering positive operating leverage consistent with our expectations of long-term performance. So, thank you for your interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure, good morning Scott, this is Dan. So on the One Credit it was still steel related and so we brought it into NPA, we actually have recognized what we think is the potential of exposure, so that is included in the 20 basis points of charge-offs that we recognized this quarter, so we feel we have the risk in that credit behind us. With regard to the portfolio more broadly and what we are seeing, clearly the market has as we've been saying for several quarters has been very comparative and so we still have a good deal pipeline, but we are being more selective. Our bankers understand our risk appetite. They are self selecting in certain cases to not bring deals forward, but we’re looking at every deal very closely. We have our discipline in mind and so we’re sticking to those disciplines and still it is achieving some pretty good growth rates. But overall the market continues to be very competitive in both structuring and pricing and that’s really across the portfolio.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes and I would say not more conservative, I mean we are sticking to our discipline. We've had our risk appetite and the corresponding parameters in place for long time and we're operating within those. So as the market gets more aggressive, it's going to be, there are going to be more cases, where we are going to opt out.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes well, we this is Dan, we evaluate the inflow of new criticize loans every quarter and we’re looking at trends that might be developing in these larger cases they were kind idiosyncratic company specific, industry specific and one of the cases the natural resources credit we've actually already had a positive outcome on that deal. So, what we're trying to do is identify the credits very early in the process so that we have more options available to us for resolution and that has been to our advantage. We're finding that we bring these things in early, assess our options and so we've been able to move these problem loans through the system very quickly generally with good outcomes. So we are seeing, I think a fairly steady flow of problem credits. I think part of that is driven by the fact that the market has been quite aggressive going on several years now, but we're very comfortable with what we're seeing. We do not see trends developing but I obviously watch that very closely.
Mac McCullough: Hi, John, it’s Mac. I would suggest that we will see some moderation in C&I and CRE going forward. I’m not going to put a growth rate out there, but clearly this isn’t a deal flow issue, this was just a risk appetiter discipline issue and we’re still looking at same number of deals, but we’re applying the same lens and the same filters to how we think about whether or we want to bring these deals into our book or not. So, as Steve mentioned, we’re comfortable. As it relates to our plan for 2015, we anticipated this environment and we are going to have positive operating leverage for 2015. So all these things factor into how we are going to perform and what we believe the expectations are for 2015.
Mac McCullough: So we do think that gain on sale is probably going to be about 50% of this work level relative to the last deal that we did and it's in line with our expectations, it's in line with how we think about this from the budget or a forecast perspective. We are continuing to evaluate the need for a second securitization in 2015, we’ve seen some decline in growth in the indirect space and we’re evaluating whether we need to do that late in 2015 or early in 2016, so that is still under consideration.
Mac McCullough: Yes, so we made a change in the third quarter of last year related to fair play strategy just giving customers more time to have their deposits account against their balance and that basically cost us about $6 million a quarter starting in the third quarter of 2014, so we haven’t quite swum through that yet, but that is the impact.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Mat it’s Mac. So we haven’t given a lot of details around the transaction. I will say that it is a very high quality, very nice growth rates and very high return on capital business. We have said that the yields on these assets are going to be the highest yields on our balance sheet and it's just an extremely well run business by people that we know and have a lot of respect for. So the return on tangible common equity is at least double of what we report as a company, so extremely good fit with our existing business. We are going to be able to expand the product set into business banking, in the small business and in the healthcare vertical that Rick runs, so really nice complimentary business for us.
Mac McCullough: So we did recognize the $3.4 million in the quarter related to integration and deal process associated with Macquarie deal. We will see some additional expense the reminder of the year. It is not significantly material relative to the size of the transaction and really no reserve impact this quarter.
Mac McCullough: Yes, I think it is a bit lumpy, as we think about some of the professional services we use for CCAR. I think that probably a pretty decent run rate as we think about going forward on average, but again there is going to be some volatility in that line.
Mac McCullough: It will be less than that. Remember, we had some expense associated with some strategy work that we did late last year that we’re not going to repeat in this year.
Mac McCullough: We do include those gains in the operating leverage calculation, so that obviously will be in the second quarter fee income line and historically we included those gains in that calculation.
Mac McCullough: Yes, so I think the way to think about the 2014 base is, you should take 2014 reported and exclude the cyclical items that we identified for the full year, so remember we had acquisition integration expense associated with Camco and the Bank of America branches.  And we also had some franchise repositioning expense in the third and fourth quarters last year, so I think that it's important to think about it from that perspective. We have not disclosed any expense or revenue around Macquarie. And we won't be doing that on this call, but obviously as we think about acquisitions going forward and what happens to us in 2015, but the 2% to 4% is based on 2014 excluding those acquisition items.
Mac McCullough: It will be more than the 2% to 4% perhaps. I mean the 2% to 4% is the range that we're comfortable with in terms of growth for 2015 and we do need to add the Macquarie expenses on to it. Obviously we are getting revenue with Macquarie as well and Macquarie has positive operating leverage as we think about the business that we're bringing into - in the income. So it should be additive to that when you think about positive operating leverage in 2015, I think the message that we’re trying to convey is that even exclusive of an acquisition that could help us to achieve positive operating leverage. We are committed to positive operating leverage on the core, based upon the way we set the year up relative to the 2014 base.
Mac McCullough: It’s a great question. I’m not quite sure I’ve looked at it that way. Yes pretty robust on ROEs, but it is a very high ROE business. So I will say it’s got to be pretty close to that.
Mac McCullough: Yes it's in the same zip code and the ROAs are definitely accretive to our ROAs, so it’s a very high return business and part of that has to do with the deal, the leases themselves and certainly it’s the credit quality.
Mac McCullough: We’re going to continue to see some pressure on the margin if you take a look on a linked quarter basis we’re down 3 basis points and 2 basis points of that was really due to adding securities during the quarter. Where we think we need to be from an LCR perspective we’re at about 90% right now. And so the incremental add in the securities book for LCR is going to be minimal. I will tell you that we’re tracking the margin exactly as we expect it to see for 2015. So even though, we’re seeing the contraction it will continue until we see some increase in interest rates. This is all within our expectations as it relates to the positive operating leverage, revenue growth and performance for 2015.
Mac McCullough: Yes hi, it’s Mac. The primary factor driving us to consider securitization would just be concentration limits in our portfolio. We’ve established these limits related to the amount of order that we run on our balance sheet and what’s really driving this securitization in the second quarter is starting to bump up against the level that we just want to get back within I guess given us through to make further decisions later in the year. So it’s not really an economic decision. Obviously economics do play into it, but from a concentration perspective that would be the first filter we would take a look at and then from a liquidity perspective just taking a look at funding sources, and cost of funding and loan deposit ratio, those types of metrics would be a secondary consideration. And then I would put really economics as being the third consideration.
Mac McCullough: Yes I mean, relative to keeping the loans on our balance sheet there certainly is an economic impact here it’s fairly a reasonable number in terms of the trade off that we’re making, but we’re giving up revenue by going to the securitization. So again it’s not the primary driver of why we’re doing this. We certainly take that into consideration, but we made a commitment and we've got limits around probably thinking about concentration on the balance sheet.
Mac McCullough: Yes, so of the $65 million quarter-to-quarter increase this credit did represent the majority of that. We're not going to get specifics in terms of dollar amounts, but it did represent the majority of that increase and again we have recognized what we believe is the loss potential in that credit. We're always going to have a flow of additional deals, but there are no other large credits that drove that increase.
