Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah. Thanks, Scott. So, yeah, I would tell you that there really wasn't any consideration given the pricing and the securitization market. As I've said historically, I do think we always give up economics when we securitize, like having these assets on our balance sheet because of their performance through the CCAR process, as well as the risk adjusted yield that we get on the auto book. I would tell you that any margin impact on a go-forward basis is immaterial relative to C&I loan growth. We feel comfortable with the returns that we get on the auto book, and we are well within the operating guideline even through mid-2018. So, we're prepared to be able to do that, and we're very comfortable keeping the assets.
Howell D. McCullough III: So Ken, it's Mac. So, as we've stated in the press release and in the scripts, we're very comfortable achieving the $639 million target in the fourth quarter. I think if you adjust for the $12 million in the third quarter, you can see that, pretty much already there. And we've talked about what that means on a go-forward basis. Clearly, we've got opportunity to recognize the full amount of the cost save in 2018 because we did not recognize the full cost save for full year 2017. So we do expect to recognize some of that benefit going forward as well. And back on operating leverage, we are committed to positive operating leverage. This will be the fifth year in a row that we're going to achieve it. This is an important goal for us, and we build our plan every year understanding what the revenue opportunity is, thinking about basically a flat rate environment and then building our expense base to provide positive operating leverage on a go-forward basis. So, very committed to that objective and feel confident that we're going to deliver that.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah. Erika, so we're very, very pleased with what we've been able to accomplish in the – with core deposits in particular from a repricing perspective. I think the slide 7 actually shows some really good trends in terms of what we've done with our core commercial and core consumer deposits. And I think, you just have to go back and think about the strategy that we put in place around fair play and, I think, some of the benefits that we have with our customers around the experience that we deliver, and the number of awards that we've won that I think illustrate the loyalty and satisfaction that our customers have for us. Having said that, we do see a very rational environment in our footprint. We certainly see competitors doing testing of different products and different pricing. And you see pilots or test take place and you see them pull back. So, I would say that what we see is very rational, and we do expect that to continue. Everyone is in good shape from a liquidity perspective. I think the lack of asset growth is also not requiring that excessive price be paid to raise deposits. And I think that we'll just monitor and make sure that we're testing and piloting different products and different pricing opportunities as well, so that we're ready in case something does change, but we see what is happening in our footprint to be very rational.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah, Marty. I think you're absolutely right on that point. We like slide 8 because it does give some visibility into what's happening with the margin in particular. And obviously fighting through some of the noise in the margin is important as we communicate the message, and I think slide 8 has been effective. But I do appreciate, you continue to point out the fact that the synergies are definitely offsetting that impact.
Howell D. McCullough III: That's another great point. I think one of the real benefits of the FirstMerit acquisition was the quality of the core deposit base. On the retail side, in particular, but also in the commercial side. And tremendous value creation, if you think about that, that deposit base and where the rate environment is going. So clearly, a big benefit to the value of the transaction, and we probably should talk about that more.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah. I would say that we're going to continue to see the reported NIM decline because accretion is going to change or decline from here. But I think the core NIM is going to continue to expand even in a flat rate environment assumption that we're making. So, really, fourth quarter will fall into that trend, I believe. And as we move into 2018 even in the unchanged rate scenario, I think we see expansion in the core.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah. So, we basically just have asset portfolios being replaced at higher yields as we see runoff and replacement, so we're originating at higher yields relative to where we were a year ago. So, I think that's the primary driver in what we're seeing.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah. Dave, it's Mac. So, I would say nothing really in the way of promotions we did, and I mentioned this in the script. We did look at some pricing on the commercial side in order to grow some of our balances there and retain some balances that we thought was a good tradeoff relative to wholesale funding. So, I would tell you that, on the margin, we probably did increase price on the commercial side in the quarter. But we saw a nice benefit from doing that relative to the cost of wholesale funding. And going forward, I would tell you that I think it's stable and steady in terms of what we've seen, and how we think about the funding from a core perspective on both the consumer and the commercial side going forward. That will depend, of course, on what happens with the Fed and when we see rate increases, if we see rate increases, but as I mentioned earlier, we see our market being very rational from a pricing perspective, and not a lot of pressure on the liquidity side right now.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah, Terry. So, we're working through 2018 right now, and I think the way we think about building a budget we start with an unchanged rate environment, and we get the revenue side of the equation right based upon where we see loan growth coming in, and obviously, some of the investments we've made in FirstMerit and fee income categories. And then, we determine what we can spend from an expense perspective based on the investments that we want to make. And we do continue to make the right investments in the business. And of course, we go the normal cost associated with our colleagues in infrastructure and the whole nine yards. So we did assume 3% in the FirstMerit merger model. That's not a bad number to think about on a long-term basis. As I mentioned earlier, we do get additional benefits from the cost take-outs on a full-year basis in 2018. So that should be considered as well. On a seasonality basis, we typically see higher expenses in the second quarter and that has to do with a couple of things. We have the Merit change for our colleagues in the second quarter. We also have some onetime impacts from compensation, equity compensation hitting in the second quarter as well. And then, typically, the first quarter is a little bit lower than the third and the fourth quarters. So, it's, I would say, lower in the first, higher in the second, and then, from a seasonality perspective, probably drifting down in the third and fourth, this is the way to think about it.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah, Terry. Those were not a part of the original $255 million. When we announced this, we did disclose that we're reinvesting a good portion of the savings there back into digital and our colleagues. So, I wouldn't expect that you would see a material impact in the run rate from that transaction.
Howell D. McCullough III: Yeah. Kevin, I believe we can continue to generate positive operating leverage. And in particular, in 2018, you have to consider the revenue synergies that we're getting out of FirstMerit. Investments we've made in the fee income businesses in particular on the Huntington side there that are taking hold. And we do continue to have good consumer loan growth of very high quality and attractive growth rates. So, feel confident that we'll see positive operating leverage.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Okay. Hey, Scott. This is Dan. So, you're correct. The auto concentration limit is just for auto. We have a separate limit for boat and RV. And we really like the boat and RV book. We think that is a real plus that we picked up through the acquisition, a business model and a team that are very skilled. We've supplemented that with external hires who have experience in the business. The profile of our customer there is very strong, FICOs of 790 to 795. The asset size of the boats and RVs that they're purchasing is in a range we're very comfortable with. We're talking $75,000 average size of the vehicle. These tend to be experienced boat and RV owners. And given that profile, the returns are strong as well. So, just on the whole, very nice asset class for us.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yeah. This is Dan. So, I think what you've seen the last couple of quarters is not what you would expect on a go-forward basis. There are a lot of factors at play when we look at the ACL in a given quarter. We have been aided recently by a big reduction sequentially in our NPAs. I don't expect that type of reduction to continue. So, that has certainly contributed. Those are loans that would have large reserves attached to them. And I think at 49 basis points of non-accrual loans, that certainly is below what we would expect even in these times. And so, I think that's a factor we have to take into account. So, as I referenced last quarter, I think the way to think about provision on a go-forward basis is covering charge-offs plus some addition for growth. So, I think what you've seen the last couple of quarters is not – that is not the norm and not what you should expect on a go-forward basis.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yeah. Well, I think there's going to be movement from quarter-to-quarter, and I think we've had some very positive movements. We've said – over time, we do expect – we've been operating below our long-term goal on charge-offs for quite some time, and I think very gradually we are going to see that drift upwards. So, I think that's another element at work here.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Sure. So, one, our underwriting standards haven't really changed, although, recently we probably have tightened up a little bit in terms of some of the equity requirements going in. but generally, you're going to be looking at a 75% to 80% type LTV. In multifamily, we've actually gone lower in some instances particularly in those markets where we think there may have been over building, but we're looking at a debt-service coverage ratio in the 125 range. We stress those rates at about 6.25%, 30-year amortization. And then on top of that, with the vast majority of our – once we have personal recourse. And so, very – very stable underwriting requirements, that as I said, have either maintained or tightened modestly over the last couple of years.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yeah. And, Erika, I would also add that one thing, this is all built on what we call our Tier 1 developers is the majority of who we're lending to. So, we're looking very closely at their global cash flow, their liquidity, and their net worth because in addition to underwriting the individual properties, we are counting on the fact that they have the wherewithal to support our loans in a downturn.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yeah. Marty, this is Dan. I do believe that we will remain below the range. Although, one thing to keep in mind is even if gross charge-offs don't increase materially, the recoveries that we have available to us are shrinking just because we have not had significant charge-offs over the last few years. So, I think that's one component, that again, I think the increase will be modest and gradual. But nonetheless, I don't think it's reasonable to anticipate that we're going to sustain these levels long term.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. So, I think – this is Dan. I think expectations are fairly stable. We've seen, as you noted, criticized did go up in the quarter, but that didn't incorporate the SNC (57:48) results from the most recent review. We continue to feel we have a very proactive and conservative risk rating. And I think that's underscored by the fact that you haven't seen the migration into nonaccruals, and then ultimately into charge-offs. So, while the criticized loans were up, still feel that the portfolio is in really good shape, although we're at historic lows in many of our metrics. And I think that, as I mentioned earlier with less recoveries on the charge-off front, that is – we're going to see a mild and gradual increase there. But, overall, we feel very good about the portfolio and look for stability in the quarters to come.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thanks, Jon. This is Steve. We have had a good year in terms of consumer loans, mortgage, home equity, RV/marine, auto, across the board. So, we're running sort of spot year-to-date, 7% to 8% on that combination of the portfolio. So, that has shown a consistency quarter-to-quarter and good performance. Our middle market lending has grown year-to-date, up 2% to 3%. So, what we've been fighting is headwinds coming off of our large corporate. And it's essentially a combination of fixed income activity, and there's a little bit of upsizing on a dynamic that's been new this year where the number of banks involved in certain relationships are being reduced just so the cross-sell can be provided. I'd add to that that market in particular has gotten extraordinarily competitive, terms, rates, et cetera. And so, to some extent, we have backed out of that in ways that we might not have – in ways we wouldn't have previously. Finally, commercial real estate market also is frothy. And we have, as you heard from Mac, we actually have pulled back a percent year-over-year and we have constrained it in a couple of lending types, property types, on purpose. And we're a bit cautious in some of our markets, in particular in those asset categories. So, again, we're long-term shareholders. We're locked in. We have this discipline around aggregate moderate-to-low. If we don't like to return risk profile, we're just not going to go-forward with it. We'll look to do other things, hold the capital or asset substitute, whatever we think is more prudent than just follow the parade.
Stephen D. Steinour: Our core customer base still is less than 300 relationships in commercial real estate to give you a sense of the granularity of it and the consistency of strategy.
Stephen D. Steinour: This has been a very unusual year, I think, for commercial lending. At least in my career, I haven't seen one where you have GDP expansion sort of increasing over the course of the year and commercial loan activity, for an extended period, being flat to down as you look at that HA data. So, we believe that a combination of factors, but principally related to uncertainty around policy issues and timing are having an impact on marginal investment. And so, as we think about the next year and beyond, we're optimistic that these policy issues are going to get addressed, and that will be stimulative on the whole. And we like what we see in terms of the activity and planning in our footprint. There's a lot of investment contemplated. We've never had as much foreign direct inquiry in most of the markets we're in as we're experiencing today. The diversification of the economy here sets up I think a series of opportunities as we think about 2018 and beyond. So, we're bullish in terms of outlook, Ken, and think that once these policy issues get addressed, the clarity will help unlock some of what's been restrained this year.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we think much of the cap market activity has occurred so that, we believe, is abating. But we do see while the tax code revisions are pending, the range of deferred activities. If you're going to sell a business, trying to figure out how to (41:35) this year or next, et cetera, for example. So, we consciously pulled back on commercial real estate this year and especially this past quarter. We just did not like the risk return profiles as we were looking out into 2019 and beyond when a number of these loans would be coming out of construction and leasing. So, that was our decision, but there are broader market impacts that are much more policy-related at this point, John.
Stephen D. Steinour: So, auto is typically at a seasonal low with model change-out. So, we have this every year but, overall, on a flat.
Stephen D. Steinour: We think of it as a low multiple of GDP. We got consumer going up 7% to 8% year-to-date, middle market up 2% to 3% year-to-date on spots. A lot of the corporate bond activity we think has occurred, so we think it's stabilizing now. Pipeline looks – actually, commercial pipeline looks good in this quarter. So, if we can get the tax policy issue addressed, I think that opens up the spigot to some extent, this deferral we hope will spur incremental activity, almost like a burst of activity, John.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, let's back up, we completed the expense side of this. But as we have been sharing, we have a lot of revenue synergy, and that is not complete. And there's also the full assimilation, the culture getting the company set, so we're very, very focused. Our first priority is to get that FirstMerit revenue as we go through 2018.
Stephen D. Steinour: That's a great point. There's clearly an impact in our footprint. There's a sense of optimism that the NAFTA negotiations are going to get to a rational conclusion. So, I would start with that. And I think I mentioned this earlier, auto is going to have its fifth best year, we believe, in history. So, there's a stability on some of the engines here as we think about going forward. And then, the diversification of the economy, just the sheer scale of the economies in our footprint are huge factors that help contribute to our optimism in terms of going forward.
Stephen D. Steinour: Peter, it's Steve Steinour. We like the footprint presence we have. We do not anticipate expanding into any new markets at this time.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we do see growth and revenue opportunities. We've had a very good start to small business lending, SBA lending, in particular, we're number two in Chicago, on units and dollars, and number two and three in Wisconsin on units and dollars, and that's from a zero start. So that has ramped up quickly. Our residential mortgage lending is ramping up. We'll be adding to the team, including in the fourth quarter on resi mortgage. We like what we have seen from the commercial teams. We had some great talent joining us from FirstMerit, so feel really pleased with how that team is performing, the commercial teams, how they're performing. And then the branches themselves, the consumer businesses, are doing well and holding deposits and growing our customer base. So, pleased with the positions we've inherited in both states.
Stephen D. Steinour: So, we produced solid results in the third quarter and I'm confident we're going to finish the year strong. Our strategies are working and the execution of our goals continue to drive positive results. We expect to continue to gain market share and grow share of wallet. Our top priorities are growing our core businesses and realizing the revenue synergies from FirstMerit. The integration of FirstMerit is substantially complete with the announced expense reductions fully implemented. We expect the fourth quarter run rate to demonstrate these benefits, and we expect to achieve all of our long-term financial goals in the fourth quarter of 2017 and into 2018. Finally, I always like to include a reminder that there's high level of alignment between the board, management and our colleagues, and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively one of the largest shareholders of Huntington. We have hold the retirement requirements on certain shares, so we will continue to proactively manage risks and volatility and are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. Thank you all for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
