Zach Wasserman: Sure. Yes. This is Zach. I'll take that question. Thank you for asking it. Generally speaking, we're seeing our deposit growth continue to trend pretty well in line with the outlook that we've given between 1% and 4% growth for the full-year. So, we think we're on that run rate. I think it will be balanced between both consumer and partial and to your point, we'll continue to the mix of that deposit gathering will continue to trend as we expected and it is baked into our overall rate and beta expectations for higher rate products like time deposits like money market et cetera. I think we're beginning -- we're operating in this rate cycle clearly at a lower level of mix of those products than we were, for example, the last rate cycle. So, we'll see that trend higher throughout the course of the next several quarters, but in line with our general expectations, it all comes back to our focus on deepening relationships with our existing customers and our primary bank relationships. And so, we think it's working pretty well and expected to continue as we go to…
Zach Wasserman: Yes. On the topic of NIM, I think just take a step back, we've significantly benefited over the last two quarters from explicit actions to manage asset sensitivity seen more than 60 basis points NIM expansion in the last three quarters alone. And that was very intentional with in mind towards continuing our top-tier performance in NIM over the course of long periods of time that we've done. As we stand now, as we start to look into, we do believe there's more room to go on asset bases, and we'll see yields continuing to increase out over the next few quarters. However, we're further along in that process probably three quarters of the way through than we are on the deposit beta side, but we also expect, as we said, rates continue to track higher over the course of the next several quarters, we're probably only about halfway through the deposit beta cycle. And when you couple that dynamic with what is currently expectation, the yield curve that we'll see short-end rates fall towards the latter part of 2024. It is reasonable to project a somewhat downward trajectory of NIM over the course of 2023. Our goal will be to manage NIM, as we've said on a number of occasions previously within a tighter corridor in 2023 as we can, really protecting the downside hedging program and ultimately driving towards sequential and sustained growth in net interest income on a dollar basis. And I think when we couple what we expect to be a pretty strong NIM level overall with the loan growth that we expect to continue to drive, again, to the guidance 5% to 7% over the course of this year, we'll see that NII on dollar rate is continuing to expand, and it's about focus.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks, even, for the question. Look, I think the trend is something on the order of single-digit reduction on kind of a quarterly basis as we go throughout 2023. There's a range of uncertainty. So, I want to be clear, not being overly precise, you just think about all the factors that are going to play into that. The Fed funds actions, which, as you know, from staring at the dot plots are not aligned with the market expectation. So how that all plays out, I think it's going to be the most important factor the pace and trajectory of beta, which at this point seems to be fairly well linear across time, but we'll have to wait and see how that goes. And clearly, the big one is the economy where that tracks over the near term. So, it's difficult to be overly precise, so I'm trying not to and bring back to dollar. Our goal will be to drive NII on a dollar basis. I said, I do expect some downward trajectory in them and probably something on the order of single digits on a sequential basis each quarter.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I think it's an important point. And it's something that we feel is a point of strength and an advantage at this point in the cycle, given that we're coming to the early to middle stage of the cycle has still a very advantageous overall position in terms of loan-to-deposit ratio, the mix of important categories of spot like time deposits in our noncustomer funding kind of relative to history. And so, it allows us, as I've mentioned on a number of previous occasions to utilize the balance source of funding. If you look back at what happened in 2022, we grew loans at 10% deposits were more in the 2.5% range. Clearly, loan deposit ratios have tracked up, and we used a broad range of other funding sources like long-term debt like the FHLB and other noncustomer sources to balance out. The same is going to be true for 2023, albeit to a somewhat less degree thinking about loan growth in that mid- to high single-digits range, 5% to 7%. Deposit growth in the 1% to 4% does imply we'll continue to see loan-to-deposit ratios tick up. And you'll see us, therefore, continue to utilize other balance funding sources like the Federal Home Loan Bank, other noncustomer sources of funding there. The rates that we're seeing are pretty reasonable. The incremental economics certainly on that loan growth continued very accretive to return on capital and the overall cost of deposits and funding within that beta expectation so NIM expectation. Could I just talk on that question.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. They were a very powerful benefit. I think it's -- they're protected, as you know, about one-third a whole would have otherwise been AOCI Mark reduction, which was their primary attention originally, but also have played out in terms of really strong reported yields in the securities portfolio. Roughly half of the approximately 50 bps increase in securities yield was from that hedging program to give you a sense of the scale of it. And I think where it goes from here in terms of incremental benefit is going to be, to some degree, a function of just where that mid-portion of the curve goes and at this point, it's fairly well topped out. I'm not expecting a ton more lift there. The lift from that has reduced somewhat from the third quarter, but it still is very accretive we're not adding to that portfolio now. And so, I think we're getting the benefit that we expected from it.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, sure. So, it was 17%, to give sense is kind of tracking across time, it was 6% in Q2, 11% Q3, 17% in Q4. So, continues to track and kind of in the additional 5 to 6% to 7% range each quarter. And the expectation is to go out into Q1, it can be sort of more of the same, continuing out over until we get into the middle part of the year. Our planning assumption Ken, is something on the order of 35% total through the cycle, which would indicate we're about halfway through to the prior point that I made. With nothing that I'll tell you where we're intently focused is on the day-to-day management and really very, very rigorous looking client by client in the commercial portfolio, geography by geography in the in the consumer portfolio and ensuring that we can stay competitive and ensure we've got a strong deposit franchise. And so, we'll continue to wait and see and manage against that. If the outlook changes will let you know. But at this point, it continues to track according to that broad expectation.
Zach Wasserman: Erika, this is Zach. I'll take that one. And the answer to your question is yes. We in terms of that very much is a sign of our trying to look ahead. Look at not only 2023 but also over the entirety of the strategic plan in Horizon and ensure that we're setting up the overall financial performance in terms of revenue and the growth rate of overall expenses such that we can achieve the objectives in terms of profit growth -- that is a very deeply held objective and we're not looking in the short term, but in the long term to achieve it. As we talked about at Fairmont Investor Day, there are multiple strategic levers that we use to manage overall expenses to grow less than revenue to support that PPNR growth. And even as we drive a faster growth rate of the expenses -- or sorry, the investments within expenses to drive ultimately business growth over the long term, but the efficiency drivers, operation accelerate that is going in reengineering, major customer-facing processes, taking waste and cost out of the system as we improve productivity our long track record of optimizing the consumer and retail branch distribution network, which is still very relevant, still it made, but it does represent an opportunity over time to reduce and to harvest expense saves and things like this organizational alignment, which are designed to help us to improve efficiency and hold cost growth at a low level. I will note, it's in the guidance that I've given in terms of overall core expense growth for 2023. But importantly, also helps us to achieve our strategic objectives. Align our organization yet even more towards our most important strategic priorities and to operate as efficiently and at pace as we can. So, we are extremely focused on driving that long-term efficiency program, which is an important component of the PPNR guidance. And I do expect we'll achieve the financial medium-term targets this year. That's what's baked into an implied by our overall guidance.
Zach Wasserman: In terms of -- so this Zach. I'll take that one. Capital markets is a real bright spot for us. the core underlying capital markets, excluding Capstone, grew 26% revenue year-over-year in 2022, and we expect another run rate of double-digit teams are above revenue growth as we go into '23. So, we're seeing just really sustained traction in the underlying strategy there is to deepen relationships with additional clients continue to penetrate that set of services and products into our core customer base and reap the benefits of it. It's been an area as you know that we've been investing in considerably over time, and we're seeing that play through into incremental revenue growth. And then Capstone to your point, is a nice addition to that. And I would tell you that Capstone is doing really, really well. They beat the plan for Q3. Overall, more than the $100 million run rate, if you look at the back half of revenues. I look at the back half of '22, and we expect that to continue and sustain and continue to grow as we go into '23. It's early days, I would say, in getting client referrals from the Huntington base, but at the beginning, we are seeing, particularly as late to the pipeline and in the future, a lot of positive engagement of core Huntington clients with the Capstone team and with the service set there. And so, it's going to be an area that there's continues to bear fruit and we're quite bullish about the opportunity to grow capstones what was previously $100 million revenue run rate up into something that continues to perform well and above that as we go forward over time. So, it's definitely a strong point at this point.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks, Scott, for asking the question. I want to take the opportunity to clarify. The guidance we've given is 2% to 4% growth in underlying core. And then on top of that, the run rate for Capstone, which is around $60 million plus the FDIC surcharge we estimate to be $33 million to be relatively precise about that. We have not yet fully sized the potential restructuring costs from the organizational alignment actions that Steve mentioned. So that is yet to be included in that guidance, just to put a very specific point on that. And there I don't expect it to be overly large, but we'll have to see, ultimately, it will be a function of a number of factors, including the final nature of the changes and importantly, as Steve noted, we're instituting a voluntary retirement program, which by a certain name has a function of employee selection and take up on their own and so they'll be some degree of variability until we have a sense of where that program lay in. So that -- more to come on that. There's a few opportunities during the first quarter for us to provide additional updates around the nature of the program and the size of our on and we intend to do that as we to get further out in the Q1.
Zach Wasserman: There's some pickup on that expense, that one-time expense that we would expect to see just in the run rate in ‘23, and there may be other things we can do to absorb that also not the forecast.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, Matt, it's a good question. I think just take a step back to probably to frame it. the expectation now as we get out over the course of the totality of '23 and certainly as we think about '24 and beyond to get back to a more normal mix overall payout ratios between dividends and share purchases and retaining capital to grow. And so, I think you could see this buyback is really just the program with the repurchase program as being indicative of that part of that, and I think a really healthy sign. And when we thought a little more tactically zooming in into the near term, I just really want to see the depth of the economic environment during the course of '23 before you make any substantive or significant commitments. And hopefully, the launch of that is understood. How long exactly does it take to get clarity to your point, is somewhat uncertain. I suspect we'll know a bit more over the course of Q1 and as we get into Q2. It's more resolved at that point than I think we'd be more active but still highly uncertain we'll have to see and be dynamic. But generally speaking, the size of the program was designed to keep us in the middle of our CET1 operating range over the course of the proceeding periods. And so that will be our plan to generally manage in that way. More clarity in the near term.
Rich Pohle: Erika, it's Rich. Let me take that. I'll go -- I'll answer your second question first with respect to auto. So, we are seeing delinquencies in our portfolio. And again, remember, this is a prime and super prime portfolio. And as we talked about at Investor Day, we've been in this business for decades, and we've got very sophisticated custom scorecards that we use in our client selection process. So, we feel very good about where this business is today and spend through numerous cycles and it's proven itself that it can outperform peers from a loss content through various cycles. So, we feel good about that. The delinquencies right now are right where we would expect them to be from a seasonal standpoint. If you go back and you look at where would have been in that 2018 and 2019 area. We're still trending below those pre-COVID levels. So, we feel good there. And we've been very proactive as it relates to how we're managing our loan to values in that space as well. So I don't have any real concerns about our indirect auto space. I feel very comfortable with how that business is growing. With respect to the overall comfort that we have in our net charge-off forecast. I think it goes back to our customer makeup. As I talked about at Investor Day, on the consumer side, we are overwhelmingly a secured creditor. 95% of our loans are secured. And again, we've got that prime focus and high FICOs of origination around 770. So, it is a very strong book and throughout all of that back I just talked about auto, but even RV Marine resi, all of those portfolios are showing very well from a delinquency standpoint. So, we feel good there. On the commercial side, we have taken a lot of steps to reposition this book over the last several years going through into more specialty businesses, more larger companies, public companies so we feel that we've mitigated the loss content in that portfolio as well. So even though, as Zach pointed out, we're looking at more of a mild recession than a severe landing that's why we feel comfortable with where we are from a charge-off forecast at that low end. Now clearly, if the economy worsens, where we land within that range is going to depend on where the economy goes and how the Fed reacts. But at this point, we're comfortable with where we put that guidance.
Rich Pohle: I think Erika, Steve, if I could add on just a bit and as you'll remember from the Investor Day deck, shared a number of economic scenarios. And we were asked a question and commented that we would take action that the scenarios that the economy worsened and the more challenging scenario emerged. We've already closed 32 branches this month we are taking action consistent with our prior statement and the commitment around driving towards these medium-term financial goals. We're looking ahead as well to ‘24 with how we're positioning the reinvestment off of the expense actions. So, team is doing a great job. It's a quick pivot, if you will, from a record year and a record quarter. But it's with a very clear set of actions and plan and we're executing.
Rich Pohle: Well, I would say it's positive right now, and we're certainly cautious as we enter a downturn, but everything that I'm looking at right now, Jon, is holding water exactly where we thought it would be our delinquencies, both in commercial and consumer are right where we would expect them to be. We had a very sharp drop in our commercial delinquencies and our commercial real estate delinquencies are essentially nothing. The [indiscernible] momentum and NPA momentum that we've got both down 20% year-over-year, puts us in really good stead as we enter a downturn. So, we're looking at everything. Every portfolio we're going deep into to make sure that we're proactive in identifying potential issues and trying to get ahead of them in terms of working with customers as there's potential problems. But certainly, the headwinds are there in the economy, but we feel good about where the portfolio is positioned. Like I said, we're not going to bat 1,000. We do have higher losses forecasted in ‘23 than we had in ‘22. So, we understand that it's going to be a more challenging environment, but we feel good where we're sitting.
Rich Pohle: I'll add to that a little bit, Jon, if I can. So, Capstone's had a good performance thus far. They had a very strong pipeline coming into the year. Obviously, multiples of change valuation is impacted by that. Timing becomes a little more uncertain. But we're really pleased with that. The integration into the bank channels is going very, very well. The core businesses, foreign exchange, a record year, Institutional Sales & Trading. Commodities has had a very good performance. So, a number of the businesses are doing very, very well at the core and expect that they'll continue to so that the laggard is, as you would expect, the rates businesses given the inverted curve and but this is a very strategic growth for us. We're continuing to invest in it and the integration of both Capstone and the combined efforts of our core teams and what you earn district at the Investor Day make us very bullish about '23 and beyond.
Rich Pohle: Scott, it's Rich. I'll take that. So, as you saw, we held our coverage levels flat in the second quarter then we had two incremental builds in Q3 and Q4. So, the 190 coverage that we're sitting with today, we think is fully reflective of the current economic scenario. Now where the reserve goes from there is really going to be a function in the short-term where the economy is having, we see significant degradation to react to that or that isn't as bad will react there. So, it's hard to answer it. We go through that process every quarter in terms of looking at the economic scenario that's in front of us and what the potential for improvement or degradation is, and we make the call at the end of the quarter based on all that. So, the near term is really going to depend on where the economy shapes up. I would say that longer term, as we've been past the downturn, however long it might be, we do think that we will bring the reserve coverage down over time. It's just a question of the timing around that. And then year-end reserves that reflects this adjusted thinking in terms of the baseline economic scenario goes off in the comment and a problem.
Steve Steinour: But Erika, this is Steve. A number of the guidance is through the cycle, and we've been well below the through-the-cycle average. And at this point, we're guiding to the lowest end of the range. And we've been strategic on how we position the lending activities now for a dozen years. We've been very disciplined Richard team, along with the lending teams that have adhere to the discipline, didn't open up in some of the areas of my benefit to frothy and recent vintages. So, we've got a really good core book on both the commercial side. And as a super prime and secured lender generally on the consumer side, we actually think of that as a lower risk book. So, our aggregate out low risk profile and discipline over many years will serve us well, certainly in auto and frankly, the entire portfolio.
Steve Steinour: Matt, it’s Steve. We are interested in building our fee income opportunities and net revenue stream. And so, if we can find things that we think make sense, that would enhance our current business lines and/or what we can offer to our customers, we would be interested. Just as last year, we were fortunate to get cash on the board and a fintech opinions [indiscernible] So we’ll be looking at the as the year progresses, whether it makes sense to bolster the acquisition on the fee side of our businesses. But that’s not sort of an intended set aside on that buyback conclusions that just related. Our capital priorities haven’t changed.
Steve Steinour: So, thank you very much for joining us today. As you know, we're very pleased with the record year for Huntington and a third straight quarter of record net income, fourth straight quarter of PPNR growth. We come into this year with a lot of momentum. We think we're well positioned to manage through a model recession, and we remain committed to and confident of our ability to continue creating value for our shareholders. And as a reminder, the Board executives, our colleagues are a top 10 shareholder collectively, reflecting our strong alignment, strong alignment with our shareholders. So, thank you for your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
