Dan Neumeyer: Hey. Good morning. Ken, this is Dan. So, I think, the one thing this was a record quarter for us in terms of recoveries. So that 7 basis points charge-off is obviously very good performance, but it is driven by some really unusual – an unusual level of recovery so that is not going to continue. So if there is going to be one difference in the subsequent quarters, it's going to be a more normalized level of recovery, so that in and of itself will take the net charge-off number up, but we are not seeing anything on the horizon that leads us to conclude that there would be any notable changes other than that we've given guidance that we still expect to be below the 35 to 55, so I think that gives you a pretty good range of what we might see. In terms of the energy build this quarter, we think we've been very conservative in identifying the issues that we about there we are well reserved on that portfolio. We've got our credit mark on that portfolio at 10%, which given the combination – the constitution of our portfolio, no energy services have invested big differentiator when we're looking at energy exposure. Ours is all E&P very well secured exposure. So even if you say, there is going to be continued low energy prices, we think that portfolio on a relative basis is going to hold up quite well.
Dan Neumeyer: I think – I think it will be largely driven by portfolio growth, and then again we do point out always there is – there is always unevenness in the C&I portfolio, so you are going to have episodic movements here and there, but we are not seeing any significant movement. I think you see in our criticize asset number holding fairly steady. We still have in flows, but we have a lot of good resolutions as well. So I don't see any tremendous movement there either.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. This is Dan, again. So, one – I think we have to look at – we're looking at very low levels of charge-offs. So, I think if you look to a year ago, probably about 19 basis points and then most recent quarter up to about 28 basis points. That is a very low level of charge-offs and well below what we actually modeled. So, I think that's important. There is a bit of an effect in there from we’ve talked about TCPA, which is the telephone consumer protection act, which limited our ability to make a calls to cellphones, that had a small incremental effect. So, we probably have a couple of basis points of additional charge-offs that was in that number and that the impact of that will dissipate over time. But just as a reminder, our origination strategy on indirect auto has not moved at all. We continue to maintain the same FICO Scores, LTVs terms, it's a very dealer centric model and I think it is important, when we look at our portfolio relative to others. The distinction in terms of our focus on prime and super prime customers, when we expand in the different markets, which we do from time to time. We go in with more conservative origination criteria than for the book as a whole. So, we just feel we have been rock solid in our origination strategies and don't expect to see any significant movement. So, we remain very confident in our performance.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes. And I think, in – of the year-over-year increase in originations, about 25% came from Illinois, North Dakota, South Dakota, which were our newest markets that we entered into.
Steve Steinour: Yes. Absolutely we can and we do, do that. The coal was one transaction and actually it was not even performance related. This is a more of a – there is a lawsuit involved in it, so the coal deal actually is a low cost producer performing very well and we expect a good resolution to that particular situation.
Steve Steinour: Yes. I mean, it certainly the potential for lost content increases the longer that we have that protected low energy phenomenon. So – but I'll say that the stressed analysis we do, there is still quite a bit of room between where we're at today and where we feel we would incur significant losses. So we do various stressing on the portfolio. Our sensitized case that we use is well below the strip case and we even do modeling that goes well below that and even under those scenario, this is going to be a very manageable series of events for us. Just, we have a very small portfolio – it's one-half of 1% of our entire portfolio for the overall impact. This is not going to be that dramatic.
Steve Steinour: Yes. So, we've look – we obviously follow the Manheim closely, and I think their forecast called for the index to decline about 8% cumulatively over the next few years. And even with that adjustment, we don't see this moving the needle significantly in terms of our performance. I would point out that the mix of our vehicles is a little bit different than what industry average would be as well. When you focus on a high FICO borrower, when you have to take the vehicles back you tend to get a vehicle that is in better shape and having a higher resale value. I think the mix of our book also has more trucks and SUVs in it, and those values tend to hold up better than vehicles as a whole. So, those factors also are going to aid us, so we feel very confident even though we know there will be some reduction in the Manheim because we've been at historically high levels for probably the last five years or six years.
Steve Steinour: Kyle, that's broken out on page seven on the release. There is the table that will give you some guidance there.
Steve Steinour: Yes. The credit mark, which on a go-forward basis will reference credit mark that takes into account charge-offs and reserves, but it's yes 10% is the number.
Steve Steinour: Hey Mac, I want to clarification in Ricky’s question, I didn't realize he asked about our exposure including coal, and oil and gas. And so when we take the E&P and the coal together it still less than 1% of revenues, but the half percent was in relation to just the E&P did not include coal, but our coal portfolio is actually about half of the size of E&P. So, it still well under 1% when we combine those. So, I just want to make that clarification.
Steve Steinour: Well we’ve spent considerable amount of time with our team and their team. I mentioned we've gotten through much of the product matching, and mapping, and so the things that would be done early-stage for integration purposes are well underway, terrific cooperation and communication, and we continue to be very impressed with the quality of the people where – from FirstMerit that we have the pleasure of interacting with. So we had outlined a sequential integration plan when we announced the deal. We’re certainly well on track with that and expecting to get approvals necessary to close in the third quarter.
Steve Steinour: Well, our core markets have done well. So, Ohio and Michigan have had good growth. And we've also had growth on the assets – in the asset finance portfolio Terry. So like what we’re seeing with how the year is progressing at least at this stage, and we're feeling much more confident with the market settling down and this volatility, abating from where it was in early January, February.
Steve Steinour: Yes, we had it coming down 300 basis points to 400 basis points I think is what we disclosed in that investor presentation. So clearly a good opportunity for us when you think about 80% of their markets overlapping with ours and the number of consolidations that we're going to be able to achieve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you. We are off to a good start in 2016 as our first quarter results provided a solid base to build from. We delivered 7% year-over-year revenue growth, 3% net income growth and 5% growth in EPS and an 8% increase in tangible book value per share. So these are solid fundamentals and we're well-positioned to continue to deliver good results through the remainder of the year. You've heard me say this before and it remains true, our strategies are working and our execution remains focused and strong. We expect to continue to gain market share and improve share wallet in both consumers and businesses. We expect to generate annual revenue growth consistent with our long-term financial goals and manage our continued investments in our businesses, consistent with the revenue environment and our long-term financial goal of positive operating leverage. We’re optimistic on the economic outlook in our footprint and believe the gradual transition to more normalized credit metrics will be effectively managed. Finally, I want to close by reiterating that our Board and this management team are all long-term shareholders and our top priorities include managing risk, reducing volatility and driving solid, consistent long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day everybody.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Kyle, this is Mac. So, I think if you take a look on a linked-quarter basis there was a fairly substantial decline, that's really – this can be explained by two things. One is the MSR impairment, which was $6 million to $7 million on a linked-quarter basis, and the other portion of the decline was just due to lower origination volume. So that – I think that explains linked-quarter pretty well and actually that's the same explanation for year-over-year it's MSR and lower origination. So we're pleased with origination volume where it is that currently. We do have this seasonal effects and also just the impact of the MSR valuation.
Mac McCullough: Yes. A fair amount of it's going to be in professional services in that line and other expense as well. So, that's – I think that’s the way to think about it.
Mac McCullough: Our entire portfolio is – it's broadly syndicated shared national credit, so the distribution tends to be very granular throughout the country, obviously would include the Permian basin which is probably one of the most profitable, but I would say it's very well diversified, no concentrations within the portfolio.
Mac McCullough: So it’s still on the auto portfolio. So, we're stepping into the new market, as Dan mentioned very, very cautiously, we actually increased our standards and how we underwrite in newer markets.
Mac McCullough: So, starting with the last question first. I mean, we've budget in and continue to forecast 2016 assuming no rate increase. And under that scenario, which is the scenario that we use in order to provide the guidance for the year. As Scott pointed out, earlier, the 3.11% that we reported probably comes down about four basis points, due to four basis points. And whether that compression is been driven just due to the fact that we're adding the LCR compliant securities. And then on the funding side, a lot of that is coming through on the debt side. So that results in some compression as we move. Throughout the year there is some additional compression that will take place on certain asset categories. But, again based on everything we know today and way the forecast looks for the remainder of the year, we do believe we stay above 3% in every quarter of 2016.
Mac McCullough: Given the fact that we're at 100% or over 100% for LCR, it's going to be asset compression for the most part, just continued pricing pressure on commercial portfolio. But again, not material as we think about where we are today, and the guidance that were given for the rest of the year.
Mac McCullough: There is a lot of [indiscernible] gains that go through there, there is leased income that goes through there. So, it is a bit lumpy in the scheme things, I think taking a look at just the quarterly progression over time and taking an average might be the best way to think about it.
Mac McCullough: Peter, that's a very good conclusion, accurate conclusion, good analogy. And I think the volatility just had people paused as the quarter progressed more confidence emerged. And as we sit here today, our pipelines look reasonably good, going into the second quarter. And frankly they did at the end of the fourth quarter, again that volatility just created, I think a bit of a timing issue.
Mac McCullough: So, on the first question Joe, about 70% of our – of the margin benefit from our derivatives actually comes from the debt swaps. So, when you think about the impact of the asset swaps at about 30% of the impact and if you roll that forward, I think we see another $2.4 billion of the asset swaps coming off by the end of 2016, and the remainder come off basically by the end of 2017. That impact is completely manageable when you think about the quarter-over-quarter impact and how slow those are rolling off. On the second question, we really don't have a target in terms of what we’re looking for. We do think eventually it’s going to be good to be asset sensitive. We’re very comfortable with how we’re positioned today, and how we're managing the balance sheet, with the swaps rolling off. And I think some of the changes that we've made in the non-maturity deposits we have seen the increase in asset sensitivity. But, again we’re very comfortable with how the balance sheet is positioned and the outlook for interest rates as we go through 2016.
