Howell McCullough: Thanks, Ken. So we're selling about $1.1 billion of investment securities in the fourth quarter, and we will replace those one-for-one. So there won't be an increase in the securities portfolio from this action. Basically, it's a shorter-duration, low-yielding securities. And the payback is pretty quick, under two years, on this transaction. We're going to get a net yield pickup of about 1.2%, which should translate into about $13 million in additional net interest income in 2019. So we do see this as good hygiene and continuing to make sure that we stay efficient with the balance sheet and think about opportunities. On the expense side, so this is basically related to the 70-branch consolidation that will take place in the fourth quarter. And there will be some corporate facilities that we will be closing, consolidating as part of that as well. And we estimate that to be approximately $40 million and it would be the typical expenses that you see in these types of activities. And when you think about the 2018 guidance and the change to the 2018 guidance for both revenue and expense, these items impacted those changes to a very large degree, entirely on the expense side and primarily on the revenue side. So shouldn't think about this really as being a change in core guidance for 2018. This is really about these actions that we're taking in the fourth quarter.
Howell McCullough: Yes, Ken, so it is somewhat seasonal. We do have higher expenses in the fourth quarter. I would tell you there's not anything out of the ordinary relative to what we've seen historically in the fourth quarter, just the fact that we do have higher revenue because of seasonal actions taking place in the fourth quarter by our customers and the expenses that come along with that.
Howell McCullough: Yes. No, I think that irrational behavior -- I mean, we're definitely seeing people pick their spots in terms of being quite aggressive, but that really is nothing to -- we've seen that for some time. So I think it's pretty much the status quo. In terms of where we are on the cycle, we're several late in the cycle. I think this is the third year that we've said we're late in the cycle. So we continue to plan and look at our portfolio and view new transactions in light of the fact that we have to be prepared at all times for a downturn, whether that happens 18 months from now or 3 years from now. So it really hasn't changed that posture.
Howell McCullough: Yes, Scott. So we believe that we're going to see expansion in the fourth quarter NIM, both for core and reported, 4 to 6 basis points. Part of that is just understanding that we're not going to have the same impacts with LIBOR in the third quarter -- like we did in the third quarter in the fourth quarter. The other part of it is we continue to remain very disciplined on asset pricing and just making sure that we're getting paid appropriately for the risks that we're taking. And we also are anticipating maybe a lower deposit beta in the fourth quarter. So those things coming together along with the recent rate increase, we feel confident that the 4 to 6 basis point expansion for both core and reported in the fourth quarter is very doable.
Howell McCullough: That probably sounds a little bit high. Again, the fourth quarter is seasonally higher from an expense perspective. But that would be the math that you'd want to go through, Scott, in order to be able to do that.
Howell McCullough: At this point in time, we don't have plans for auto securitization. We've -- the increased pricing that we've been able to execute on the auto book has helped us pull volume back and really maintain revenue where we expected it to be, even at a higher origination number with lower rates. So we feel confident in terms of how we're managing the exposure on the balance sheet and don't really see in auto securitization in the future.
Howell McCullough: Yes, what you need to adjust for in the third quarter is $3 million of benefit related to stock-based comp and $3 million related to the true-up of tax reform in 2017. If you adjust for that $6 million, you'll be at 15.5% for the third quarter, and that is the low end of a range that we have been giving you earlier for first, second quarter. So we're still in that 15.5% to 16.5% range, it's just these 2 unusual items this quarter that took us down.
Howell McCullough: Well, we've -- if you take a look over time, Steve, and we've actually run CD balances, time deposits off pretty significantly over a number of years. This really is the first year that we've started to grow that portfolio again. We don't really have a target for it. The growth has slowed down. Basically, we're not the price leader in the market right now, in the region right now on the CD products, but we're still getting decent growth, I would say, on a monthly basis. We just felt that, that was a smart move for us in the first quarter as we saw the loan growth materializing for the year and wanting to stay core funded without impacting some of the backlogs, say, in money market or savings. So we put the promotion in place in kind of the middle of first quarter, and we've raised probably over $3 billion since then and feel really good about the term and the rates that we paid. So it's not going to be -- become a significant portion of our core deposit funding going forward. It's more situational, just given the rate environment and what's happening right now.
Howell McCullough: Yes, I think some pressure will come off of that, Steve. And I think we are seeing time deposit growth slow down. And we're also being cautious with deposit pricing in the fourth quarter. We're thinking of a big growth at the rates that we're paying today. So I do expect the deposit beta in the fourth quarter to be lower than the year-to-date deposit beta. So that's where we stand.
Howell McCullough: Yes, so we still feel comfortable with that 50% cumulative deposit beta. We're at about 50% year-to-date in 2018. And I would tell you that the fourth quarter is probably somewhat situational in terms of where we are and the deposit flows that we see. I would still think about that 50% longer-term deposit beta as being the right way to model going forward.
Howell McCullough: Yes. So we haven't disclosed betas consumer versus commercial, but we do continue to see good consumer growth of 5% year-over-year growth and in core, checking accounts balances is really strong. And we've also seen good money market growth as well. So very, very comfortable with what's happening on the consumer side of the business and the growth that we're seeing. And commercial, as you know, is competitive. We evaluate every request that we get for a rate increase, and we look at the depth of the relationship and the strength of the opportunity going forward and deciding if we're -- what we're going to pay out for those deposits. So I think we have a very good process in place that's serving us well, and we're managing that side of the balance sheet appropriately.
Howell McCullough: Well, we do like to minimize both those balances as best we can, and we think about that as being a bit of a feeling around what we might be willing to pay on commercial deposits and thinking about how we manage that side of the balance sheet. We certainly don't have a plan to minimize other types of funding, but to the extent we can raise good core deposits at the right cost, we're going to continue to do that. And we've been actually very successful doing that in 2018. So feel good about where we're positioned and the deposit flows that we're seeing. And wouldn't be surprised if we stay around these levels in terms of overnight funding and those other types of funding sources.
Howell McCullough: I would say a bit of both. I think the competition in the region has remained very rational. I don't think we see any one, really at any size of organization, doing something that looks unreasonable. So that certainly helps. And I do think that we have a bit of a unique customer base because of the Fair Play strategy and what we've done from a satisfaction and loyalty perspective. We've long-tenured customers on the consumer side, in particular. And I do believe that's certainly going to help us from a pricing and retention perspective going forward. And I think those things really contribute to the fact that we can manage our costs perhaps a little bit better than the average regional bank.
Howell McCullough: So think about it on a full year basis. That's the guidance that we've given. And just make sure you adjust for the $40 million in doing the math.
Howell McCullough: Yes, Terry, so the growth is -- we're now in 34 states. So the growth is going to be dispersed. Early on, obviously, it was majority in footprint, I would say. Now, we've got greater diversification. The important thing is the profile of the customer, which is identical in all of our markets. You'll note that we're at about an 800 FICO score in that business, so very low probability of default. And we do underwrite this business individually. We're looking at liquidity, we're looking at other measurements, they're not auto decisions. Average size of the boats and RVs are modest, tend to be second time buyers of these assets. So very consistent origination metrics regardless of geography, and, frankly, we like the geographic diversification.
Howell McCullough: We've said that we expect the reserve to build very gradually over time. I think we've been consistent on that going back many quarters. And I think that obviously the components of that bills have been charge-offs, the growths in the portfolio, which has been fairly strong, the marked amortization, and then we've got portfolio specifics, market dynamics, things like that built in. So I would see a fairly consistent view with a slow built going forward.
Howell McCullough: So I think you're going to see growth in the areas that we've experienced the growth year-to-date. I think capital markets will continue to have a good year and a good fourth quarter. I think, going to continue to see growth in card and payment processing revenue, with the growth in households that we see on the consumer side of the bank, good growth in deposit service charges as well on both consumer and commercial when you think about treasury management and some of the product opportunities we have there. I think weakness will be in mortgage banking as we've seen across the industry and throughout the year. The gain on sale has been lighter this year, and that has impacted that line for the entire year. So in general, I think we're in good shape as we think about some of the lines that are performing well for us. Trust and investment management is another, just with the way the market has been performing so far this year. So I would look at the lines where you've seen growth already this year and think about those lines continuing into the fourth quarter.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks, John. We are sitting with pipeline that's largely equivalent to where we were this time last year on both the consumer and commercial side. As we look forward, we're bullish on the economy and our footprint. There is certainly a line of macro volatility right now, so that could impact things, but we're optimistic. And getting the NAFTA risk off the table is a big step forward for us in this region. Underlying commercial demand seems to, if anything, be triggered by a constraint on employment, and we have many, many customers throughout all of our regions now suggesting that they could do more if they had more labor. So there's clearly a labor supply impact going on. And then additionally, we've been outplayed a bit and have had a lot of commentary about pipelines now going into 2020. So it would appear to be -- it would appear that business is consistent. And to be at this time of the year with backlogs into 2020 is a bit unusual. So very positive to the year.
Stephen Steinour: Kevin, there's a lot of work that goes into this. It's coordinated amongst multiple teams, but it's keyed off of usage patterns within the branches. And so we have #1 branch share in Ohio and Michigan. So we have a density in many of our markets to work from. And those utilization patterns are looked at with a view of not just physical, but also what's going on, on a digital and ATM usage. So we have a fair amount of our distribution that's fairly close in to other branches, and those patterns help us or guide us in terms of where we see opportunities.
Stephen Steinour: Well, we're not by any stretch a meaningful ag lender. And while the states of Ohio, Illinois, to some extent Michigan are ag, they're very diversified ag states. They will have some impact from the tariffs. But there is also a fair amount of relief coming to that sector. And the ag sector has had a very robust run for a number of years. Typically, these are individuals or companies that are very, very low leveraged, and so they don't see a significant impact on any of the states we're in, in terms of ag in the near term at this point.
Stephen Steinour: Again, thank you, all, for joining us. Through the first 3 quarters of 2018, we've consistently produced quality earnings and look to continue the momentum into the end of the year. We're building long-term shareholder value with our top quartile financial performance and strong risk management. We have a track record of disciplined execution and delivering on our goals and commitments as you've seen. So we look forward to providing new long-term financial metrics later this quarter. And then finally, as always, we'd like to include a reminder that there's a high level of alignment between the board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively the seventh largest shareholder of Huntington, and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained, long-term performance. So thanks for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
