Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark. Good morning, everyone. Slide 3 provides an overview of Huntington's strategy to build the leading people-first digitally powered bank in the nation. We continue to execute against this strategic vision and are pleased with our progress to-date. We see significant opportunities ahead of us, as we position our businesses for the recovery at hand. Over the past year, we updated our multi-year strategic plan with a focus on driving long-term revenue growth, continuing to build our brand based on best-in-class products and increasing our industry-leading customer satisfaction across our businesses. We also announced the planned acquisition of TCF Financial, which will provide powerful opportunities to grow revenue, expand our market presence and provide scale to our businesses while increasing our investments in digital and other areas. This combination will increase our capacity to invest and we will become more efficient with the significant expected expense takeouts. We accelerated our digital investments as part of our strategic vision and are encouraged by the digital adoption trends. Due to the investments we've already made, for the first time over half of new customer deposit accounts were originated digitally in the last quarter. The double-digit growth in active digital and mobile engagement is similarly encouraging. As we look ahead, we're optimistic about a strong economic recovery. Unemployment has decreased significantly across our footprint. We’re again, hearing a crescendo of commentary from our customers regarding labor constraints and wage inflation. Consumer confidence has meaningfully improved. On average, consumers are less leveraged and more liquid. Our debit card trends have consistently posted double-digit year-over-year growth rates for the past several quarters. Consumer spending in service industries is expected to broadly accelerate this year as demand returns. Consumer loan production also continues to be strong. On the commercial side, sentiment is encouraging. Our pipelines are up across the board, increasing our confidence in recovery of commercial loan demand later this year. While supply chain constraints such as the semiconductor shortages will likely challenge some manufacturers in the near-term, progress of the recovery and visibility into growing customer orders are causing outlooks to strengthen. Let me also share some high level remarks from our first quarter results, which provided a strong start to the year and included solid core performance with our momentum building. Commercial loan originations were in line with expectations. However, overall growth was constrained by both forgiveness of PPP loans and continued headwinds in dealer floorplan and commercial line utilization. Both of which are temporary challenges. Residential mortgage, auto and RV/Marine produced seasonally strong originations in face of tight inventory. Growth in consumer loan balances was obscured by unprecedented levels of paydowns following the two recent rounds of stimulus. Deposit growth continues to consistently exceed expectations. Finally, on Slide 4, I'd like to give an update on the pending TCF acquisition. We believe the timing could not be better as the strengthening recovery dovetails with the growth and scale opportunities presented by this combination. We continue to make good progress toward our anticipated closing late in the second quarter, and to complete the majority of systems conversions late in the third quarter. In March, Huntington and TCF shareholders approved the transaction and our integration plan is on track. We completed the selection of key management and anticipate receiving the outstanding regulatory approvals, including the required branch divestiture in the coming weeks. We've become major components of the cost reduction plan including the closure of 44 Meijer branches later this quarter. Now let me turn it over to Zach for more detail on our financial performance.
Steve Steinour: Ken, I'll just add, what we executed these in the fourth quarter. Remember the outlook was the rates would be flat through – well into 2023. So we thought the benefit of this capital protection would be in the out years, four, five, six plus and obviously, interest rate outlook changed very rapidly after the election. But it wasn't our intent to sort of view this as some kind of short-term position when we originated it. It was this protection of capital over time.
Steve Steinour: I think you got it right. I think we saw – as we noted in the commentary, a bit of pressure on underlying loans in the quarter just from the headwinds that we're seeing in line utilization, but that was offset by really strong fee income growth during the quarter. The NIM, if you were to strip out that cap gain was $2.97 to give you a sense of the net interest margin.
Steve Steinour: Ken, I just want to reiterate the commitment to positive operating leverage after nine years, we've elected this year to make investments coming off the strategic plan and particularly because of the economic volatility that we saw last year with the virus and the expected recovery. We think we are playing this in terms of timing, exactly right. We've got a series of near-term revenue growth initiatives that we're executing. And that will position us for the long-term, but we will be back to positive operating leverage.
Steve Steinour: Peter, this is Steve. So in the last four, five weeks, I've had about 50 CEOs in small meeting virtual conversations. And the outlook by them is virtually all very positive about this year, pipelines, their backlogs, very, very encouraging and their overall economic outlook for the next couple of years also very positive. They have – in a number of situations, have supply chain constraints, some of it from mundane items, some of it for chips. But there's a curtailment that, I think, is being experienced, at least in part by these companies on the supply chain. Universally, they talk about inability to get adequate labor, very high turnover and clear wage inflation at the low end. A consequence of that will be more investment by many of them into automation all the way through including packaging. So we expect there'll be a fair amount of equipment finance activity this year. And when we combine with TCF, we'll have a seventh, eighth largest equipment finance company in the country, that should position us very well. We have a very good technology finance team that will play well with automation on the factory side. But even in the health care, health care product side, we're seeing a strong uptick. The health care systems are doing better, haven't been able to reopen and sustain activity that was diminished during the peak of the virus. So we – the people we're talking to, who are the CEOs in that arena, generally very, very confident going forward. So we think the strong pipelines we're seeing, we're up about 40% of the commercial pipeline year-over-year is reflective of what will be demand as we go through the year, probably more in the second half than first, but this – in part because many of them had very good years have liquidity and they're using that liquidity as opposed to line utilizations and other things. Inventories are low in many of these companies, and some of its supply chain, but some of its significant demand, inflation on the commodity side wood or lumber, just a whole host of areas where there's cost push. And I think that will engender further borrowing as their liquidity gets soaked up. So we're – from these conversations, we're optimistic about the continuing improvement especially seen in the second half.
Steve Steinour: So Bill, Steve. Good question, thank you. We think this is going to be an extended transition here. And I believe the industry is of that belief as well. There's – EV is building in the country, but it's building at a very slow rate. Now that may accelerate with climate posture of the Biden Administration and for other reasons, including consumer awareness around environmental and change in demand. But combustion engines, we think, are going to be here through the decade in terms of demand and substantially there, if not fully through production. Having said that, in terms of the impact of us, we're a super prime lender. So whether it's a combustion engine or a hybrid or EV, we work with a view of very low default rates. And so marginal loss rates might increase a bit and have probably would anyway because we're at record highs in terms of bluebook values for use. So – but we don't see it as a big event. In terms of opportunity for us, it's one of the areas of environmentally sensitive financing that we're looking at. There are a series of other areas where we're actively engaged and extending credit in the – over time as we look back in the billions of dollars. And there may be an opportunity for us to do something unique with hybrids or EVs as we go forward.
Steve Steinour: So when we announced, we talked about expense synergies, and we're fairly definitive, but we also alluded to revenue synergies. Our – to start with, our offerings, both consumer and business, are much more extensive than TCF. So it sets up a cross sell, something we've been working on, and we caught what we referred to it as optimal customer relationships. So we've been doing this for a decade. We have very good experience with cross-sell into the Firstmerit customer base. We expect to do as well or even better based on the learnings and experiences in the relative position. TCF also outsourced a number of businesses or products, which we manage directly. And so we'll expect lift out of those. So there's a variety of revenue initiatives, which we are pursuing, in some cases, we've already activated such as SBA lending Minneapolis, an activity that TCF didn't have. And so as we go forward, we'll expect these revenue initiatives. And we'll share them at a future point, will be significant upside to what we've presented in a summary level. So we'll detail where we expect to get them as we proceed. But the first order of business is to execute the committed expense takeout and to get the synergies on that front that we expected with the closing expected later this quarter and a conversion late in the third quarter.
Steve Steinour: We have a set of opportunities. Thanks, Jon. I'm sorry. We have a set of opportunities with TCF that are substantial in terms of retaining customers. If we think about Michigan, for example, even after our consolidations of branches, and in aggregate, there'll be more than 200 branches affected by consolidation and divestiture, we will still have number one branch share in Michigan by a factor of about 50%. So we'll be quite a bit larger than the next bank with physical distribution. So that provides an enormous set of opportunities for us in terms of retention, and we have had very high retention coming out of FirstMerit and other in-store branch consolidations. Remember, we can consolidate about 4% of the franchise every year on average. And so our retention efforts, where we decide to drop remaining ATMs outreach, we have a process we call white glove treatment that's been well-defined over the years and developed. Combination of those activities, the uniqueness of the product set, all day deposit, 24-hour grace, safety zone now, things like that also give us a distinct retention advantage. So we expect to have very high retention on the TCF side of the consumer, and on the business side, again, better product, more capabilities as we go forward. But it starts with winning minds and arts of our soon to be new colleagues, and we're actively working that. We would expect that would be successful as it was with Firstmerit. That will set up then this retention of customers through the conversion and beyond. And the product menu has just being substantially different, much bigger and better in many respects, will be to the benefit of the customer base, both consumers, small and medium-sized businesses. So we're very, very optimistic. On the specialty finance side, their equipment finance in ours is almost hand in glove. The combination will be extraordinarily effective. And they have a great team, we think we do as well, and this hand in glove will give us opportunities to further grow that business. We're excited about their inventory finance business. Got some great people in these business lines as well as the company generally, and we're going to be a stronger company as a consequence of the combination. So very bullish about the expectations, both on retention and revenue synergies as we go forward. And we'll get the expense synergies largely complete this year.
Steve Steinour: Thank you for your questions and interest in Huntington. I'm pleased with our strong start to what will be an important year for Huntington as we execute on our strategic initiatives as well as close and integrate the TCF acquisition. I'm increasingly optimistic about the opportunities we see in 2021 and beyond, and I'm confident of our ability to capitalize on the accelerating economic recovery. The disciplined execution of our strategies, coupled with the pending acquisition, set us up to grow revenue from a larger customer base for which we will deepen existing and acquired customer relationships, resulting in top quartile financial performance. We have a strong foundation of enterprise risk management and deeply embedded stock ownership mentality, which aligns our board management and colleagues. Again, thank you for your support and interest. Have a great day.
Zach Wasserman: Hi Ken, this is Zach. I'll take that question. And look, I would start by saying the priority of our – the goal for this position and our strategy here was to look around the corner to manage risk to protect capital and to be dynamic and proactive to do that. And we thought it was a really smart move, and as you saw it, I think it benefited us substantially. And so that also underlies our decision to continue to maintain this position, albeit somewhat colored as we discussed for the foreseeable future. And so we'll have to see what happens. These get marked to market every day. And then, ultimately, we post the result that's extent at the very last day of the quarter. But we believe it is the right position as we go forward here. So we'll have to see. We'll keep you posted. But over the long-term, we think it's a really smart position for us to protect our capital.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's a great question. And I would note that for the next several years, based on our forecast for the integration of the TCF acquisition, overall reported revenue and expense growth levels will be substantially impacted by that, and you're going to see quite high levels of growth in both as we incorporate that business and measure the year-over-year growth. But kind of an underlying basis, which I know what's the basis of your question, my expectation and goal is that we're growing the top line at or above nominal GDP, with revenue lower than that and driving positive operating leverage. I think over the long-term, something like 1.5% to 3.5% sort of inflationary growth is logical. And if revenue is stronger than perhaps expenses are stronger than that. But generally, that's my broad expectation.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, Ken, thanks for the question. I appreciate the chance to clarify. I would say approximately three quarters of the incremental expenses were what we saw come through in Q1. So there's a small lift in the balance of the year, but most of it was what we saw come through in Q4, Q1. And the key thing with our plan is as that we're front-loading these investments into the first half of the 2021. And so the expectation is really the same as it was before, elevated expense growth on a kind of core run rate basis in the first half coming down to more normal levels in the second half of the year. And of that 6% to 8% underlying core expense, approximately five percentage points of that is our long-term strategic investments. And the other 1% to 3% is really sort of a natural expense inflation that you might expect and some normalization of company-wide programs like merit and T&E and medical costs and things of this nature and some additional expenses to support the additional revenue, as I noted in my prepared remarks. So front-end loaded, back-end back to historical levels and really no change other than those factors I just talked about.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Overall, I expect mid-single digits interest income for the full year. I think driven by – in part by our modest growth in assets that we've indicated in the guidance between 1% and 3%. And spread – NIM spread, overall, but it will be roughly flat for the full year. I think just touching on NIM for a second. Next couple of quarters will likely be in the mid 2.80s in terms of NIM, biggest impact, just changing our expectations somewhat is continued elevated levels of Fed cash driven by the elevated levels liquidity across the system that many folks have commented on here in the earnings cycle, and, to some degree, the beginning of the roll-off of our hedges, which will be down about 7 basis points into Q2. So Q2 will be a trough to mid-2.80s for the next several quarters. But pulling off, FY 2020 still looks at like a NIM of 2.90 or better and long term, still forecasting to maintain those levels and with stable to rising NIM over the longer-term.
Zach Wasserman: So I think you got it right. The position was around protecting capital. And I think you saw on the slide a 52% offset of the OCI mark on securities was protected by this. So it's really good. We've got our Treasurer, Derek Meyer in the room. Why don't, Derek, you want to comment a little bit on asset sensitivity and in your outlook for that one.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Broadly speaking, just pulling back a second, I think really like where the asset sensitivity kind of strategy and trend is going in that, over time, as our existing hedge position slowly rolls off, we will become more and more exposed to what will be likely a gradually increasing interest rate environment as well. And so think it's sort of well-timed for us to be exposed in that way as rates begin to rise over the next several years.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's a good question. We estimate it's between 15% and 30% impact on dampening. So importantly, we wanted to maintain kind of a net long exposure there because we do think, to the extent that there's a probability of moves substantially off the forward curve, it's likely to be higher. But that dampening is sort of between 15% and 30% as you go forward.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I think, as we said, the expectation is that we'll see a very substantial amount of additional forgiveness in the second quarter, and I think, to give you a sense, Q1 revenue in total from PPP was around $76 million, of which $45 million was the – have accelerated and $31 million was the underlying yield. My expectation for Q2 is around $50 million total revenue, of which basically half and half between yield and accelerated – the acceleration. And that will represent the preponderance of the PPP revenues for the first program. We'll see a little bit of a tail as we go into the balance of the year. The Round 2, I mentioned, is around $2 billion, about 85%. We think we've forgiven much of it in 2021. That will add around $1.3 billion of ADB and $60 million of revenue we estimate to the year. I know we'll have an analyst modeling call after this, and we can probably double-click into more of the details during that, but this is probably the right high-level comments for you now.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Thanks, Janet for the questions. This is Zach, I'll take it. Overall, as I mentioned in the comments, the expectation is, excluding PPP, low single-digit growth in commercial loans and approximately 1.5 percentage of that is from some modest line utilization. Overall, the expectation for line utilization is, it has been reset, and I'll come back and speak more specifically about the pre-pandemic comparisons as you asked. But just generally characterizing the expectation. What we've seen is relatively flat in general middle market lines. My baseline expectation is a modest improvement. Likewise, what we've seen on the vehicle floor plan side is actually some retrenchment from the end of last year to where we stand now. As we go forward, we're expecting some modest improvement in both of those. Together, those represent just under 1% asset growth expectation with my total asset growth. But even if you normalize that, I think the level of strong production we've got across both consumer and commercial, we do expect to drive accelerated loan growth overall on a net basis as we go forward. Just double-clicking into the line utilization expectations, pre-pandemic, we were running in the middle market line utilization, sort of low 40%. And right now, we're in the high 30%, to give you a sense. It's been roughly flat now for several months in a row. And I would expect it will be flat for a time before it starts to rise later in the year. But I think, as has been well publicized, elevated levels of liquidity across the system are contributing to our clients just not meeting those lines at this point. But everything we're hearing from them is that, ultimately, they expect to go back to a more typical financing posture and that those will start to solely normalize probably more in the back half late 2021 and continuing into 2022. On the vehicle floor plan side, historical levels are just around 80% of line utilization. By the end of the year, we have gotten to almost 61% to be precise in December. By the end of this quarter, we were at 51% to give you a sense. So it continues to tick down and has tick down even a little bit more into April. So we'll have to see. That one is really driven by the point specific auto manufacturer issues that have been very well documented in the popular press around microchip shortages and other component shortages. Everything we're hearing, though, is that, slowly, but surely that they are chipping away at that issue. The manufacturers and that vehicle will begin to flow at a faster rate in the back half of the year. My general expectations are relatively flat in that for the next several months before it starts to normalize and rise more again towards the very late part of 2021 with the longer-term expectation based on our client discussions. But they'll go back to historical levels of utilizing that financing, but probably well into the middle of 2022 based on supply.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I don't have the Q2 right in front of, but just broadly, still thinking more just continues to beat expectations, frankly, and be very robust. I think the – overall, for the full year, expecting the revenues to be down between 15% and 20% year-over-year basis just off of the torrent pace at the 2020 represented. But most of that grow over challenge really occurs in the second half of the year. Volumes continue to be very, very robust. And I think, if you just, at an industry level, you've probably seen even mortgage banker association or ratcheting higher volume expectations for the year. I think if there's something that we're watching carefully is the salable spread. And that continues to be elevated above historical levels, but it could move quickly. So we'll see. But so far, it seems to be holding up relatively well also. So that's the expectation that we've got.
