Mac McCullough: So, Jon, it's actually going very well. We are continuing to make investments into a number of areas, including SBA lending, home equity and home mortgage origination. And the other fact is that we are seeing really good acceptance and interest in capital markets products with the FirstMerit customer base, interest rates, revenues, foreign exchange, those types of things. So really good traction there as well. And then as we take FirstMerit's [indiscernible] portfolio and capabilities and expand that into our markets, and further we think that's a great growth opportunity. So if you add to that just from the performance that we've seen from a customer retention perspective, a deposit retention perspective with FirstMerit, I would tell you that we are really hitting on all cylinders there.
Mac McCullough: No. We think that there's probably close to $100 million of revenue if you normalize FirstMerit's fee income to total revenue to ours. And we really have that identified in terms of where we think that's coming from, and we've got the incremental expenses and capabilities built into 2017 and 2018. So we feel pretty comfortable with achieving that number.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Ken. So we are very comfortable with the range we have put out there the 56% to 59% longer term. And clearly as we start to see increases in interest rates, we do think that's going to help us get towards the bottom end of the range. We do go through system conversion branch closures in the February timeframe, and we will see the expense come out in the second quarter. There might be a little bit that will come out in the third quarter as well. So I would expect that in the fourth quarter of this year, we'll be a run rate that will certainly reflect the range that we've signed up for longer term.
Mac McCullough: We've come out and told you what we expect the fourth quarter expense number to be at a regional conference in the fourth quarter. So that's $609 million.
Mac McCullough: That's still on track. That gets us to the $255 million cost takeout we've signed up for growing at 3%, and achieved in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Matt, there are number of moving parts here. And as we discussed, the core NIM is 3.07, 3.06 if you exclude the interest recovery that we saw in the quarter. We do think the core NIM is going to expand from this point. We are 6% asset sensitive. We're going to continue to see the swap book on the asset side roll off. We have about a little over $3 billion in asset swaps that will come off by the end of the year, that will increase asset sensitivity by probably another 0.7, 0.8 and we did see some impact from the December rate increase. So I would suggest that it's going to be difficult to project the NIM because of the purchase accounting impact and some of the accelerated accretion. That we do expect to happen, that we have seen happen in both the third and fourth quarters. But feel good about the core margin expanding from this point.
Mac McCullough: We are assuming probably a 40% to 50% beta on that change. And I think as you play that through, it really is going to depend a lot on what happens with competition and how we see pricing change in the environment. So I don't think the impact of this first increase is going to be hugely material, but certainly it will be a positive to the margin going forward.
Mac McCullough: That's pretty consistent with where we have been, and the guidance that we provide is in that same range I think 24% to 27% is what we said in the press release, and that excludes significant items. So when you tax back the significant items of 35%, it does make that rate look lower on a GAAP basis, but if you adjust for the significant items, you get to the 25%. And if you actually FTE adjusted that, it would actually be higher. But that's a range we're very comfortable with going forward.
Mac McCullough: Higher. We're going to see the core margin continue to expand. Again, it's not going to be hugely significant, but we have talked about probably one to two rate hikes requiring to take place in order for us to start to see margin expansion. And we actually think we're going to get that with the one rate hike now. And again, March will be a bit volatile this year because of what's happening with purchase accounting and accelerated accretion. But we'll be sure to keep you informed in terms what we see there an update it as it rolls through.
Mac McCullough: Scott, so the best way to think about it is if a loan pays off and it renews early, then we accelerate the purchase accounting adjustment and that comes into the margin. That happened in the fourth quarter to the tune of about $10 million.
Mac McCullough: Okay. So what you have to also realize the flip side of that, as an acquired loan moves from the acquired portfolio to the originated portfolio we have to establish a reserve for that. So in the fourth quarter, roughly half of the increase or of the reserve build is due to acquired loans from FirstMerit being in the originated portfolio. So we are going to continue to see accelerated accretion in the margin, and we're going to continue to see some higher provision expense as we've reserved for those loans that come into the originated book.
Mac McCullough: That's where it gets a little complex, and we can't actually predict what is going to renew on a forward basis. But we will give you this chart every quarter updated for what's happened, and let you know what the inflows and outflows are.
Mac McCullough: Scott, I think the guidance still holds true. We just felt that it feels more certain this time, and that it just made more sense from a reality perspective and how we've built out the budget and how we thought about 2017. So we did put the one additional increase in midyear, and that's rolling through our budget for 2017.
Mac McCullough: So, Erika, the FirstMerit balance sheet actually didn't change our asset sensitivity or interest rate risk significantly. So if anything, FirstMerit might have been a little bit more asset sensitive. So we don't really think that this has had a huge impact on how we are positioned, either before or after the FirstMerit acquisition. And clearly, it's all going to depend on what happens in the marketplace and what happens with the competition. We're in a new environment for liquidity based on new regulations and requirements. And certainly when the first rate hikes come through on an increasing cycle, you typically don't see as much of up pricing on the deposit side as quickly. We might be conservative with the 40% to 50% beta in what we are assuming. But we feel comfortable with those assumptions, and we are going to continue to monitor what's happening in the environment just to make sure that we are competitive from a liquidity perspective.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Terry. So the $609 million does not include intangible amortization. That's a number excluding that figure. And certainly the $609 million is a quantitative measurement looking at the $255 million growing at 3%. And we're making investments in revenue-producing capabilities, personnel, technology basically for FirstMerit markets where we have additional opportunities. We've talked about SBA, we've talked about home lending. And we will be adding some expense relative to those investments without a doubt, but we will also be adding revenue associated with those investments too. So certainly, the $609 million as we get closer to that we will reconcile in terms of what those investments look like. But feel very comfortable that we're going to get the cost takeouts that we have signed up for, and we're going to make additional investments into revenue opportunities that we think are available to us.
Mac McCullough: It's going to depend a bit on how we move through the conversion and integration process. There's still some expenses that we are working to get out that might be more longer term in nature around real estate and those types of things. To the extent anything bleeds into the third quarter, I don't expect it to be material but there will be some third-quarter impact.
Mac McCullough: Kevin, it's Mac. So we are focused on CET1, and we do have an operating range of 9% to 10% for CET1. As you see, the 9.50% which is where we are today calibrates, translates to a 7.2% TCE. We do monitor the tangible common ratio. It is something that we pay close attention to. I'm not sure I see it going below 7%, but it certainly is calibrated to CET1 and that's the ratio that ratio that we're really focused on.
Mac McCullough: Kevin, I would probably refer you to slide 6 in terms of what the accretion around purchase accounting. Basically as the acquired portfolio moves into an originated portfolio as those loans renew, we will see the purchase accounting adjustments decline. And you will see us over that period of time replenishing the reserve, building a reserve, on those loans as they move from acquired to organic. So clearly, what you see on slide 6 would be an elongated view because we're going to see this pull forward as loans renew early. So I would just ask you to think about slide 6 and calibrate around the numbers on that page, understanding that it's going to be accelerated.
Mac McCullough: I think as we move towards normalization, you are probably going to be a little bit higher than previously. That's what I would say. Because just our base charge-off level, we still remain below the long-term target but we are definitely moving towards more normalization as recoveries decrease.
Mac McCullough: So the 40% to 50% is average across the entire deposit portfolio, and we have been pretty consistent in talking about a 50% beta over time. And as we think about the December hike, we have modeled something in that range.
Steve Steinour: And our expectation, John, is the dealers will continue to have a good year, roughly in line with last year. And we are very well-positioned in that regard, both on the direct side core plan, the indirect and to finance some of the supply base. And all that's broken out for you on the different schedules that we provide.
Steve Steinour: Our capital priorities haven't changed from what we've had over the years, organic growth, dividend, and then other actions. The balance sheet optimization activities of the fourth quarter were all successfully completed, and that was with the view of giving us the capacity to come into CCAR with a strong foundation. The Board will make decisions later, we don't even have CCAR scenarios yet so it would be very premature for me to comment at this point.
Steve Steinour: Scott, if I could just add to try and -- normally, you would expect to see renewal activity first and second quarter on these commercial loans. So we're trying to share with you an expectation that there will be, in addition to scheduled maturities, there will be we think just more economic activity associated with the outlook, the improved outlook. Expansions of working capital lines, maybe more CapEx, things like that, so we could be in a period that's more active than what we've had recently as we go through the first half of 2017.
Steve Steinour: And, Scott, like prior years, we have contingent expense reduction should we find the environment to be different than we anticipate.
Steve Steinour: David, we have outlined it and I will try and cover this again. Mac may want to add to it. We've outlined that we will continue with the strategy that FirstMerit had, which was a niche approach emphasizing commercial or business lending. We have made a commitment to SBA lending in Chicago, and the team largely is in place now, the same with home lending. With our mortgage capabilities, we've added significantly. We are continuing to add at this point into our Chicago team on the mortgage front. So we like our distribution in terms of the spread. It's not concentrated given the size of that market. It's obviously grossly under scale, and that will cause us to focus on these niches and growing these niches and perhaps growing in some other areas over time. But the emphasis will be to maintain the disciplined that FirstMerit had in terms of growing commercial lending activities in Chicago principally.
Steve Steinour: I think the early read from many of our customers is one of more optimism. And what they are telling us and what are more broadly our various line management and RMs are telling us is much more activity compared to prior periods in terms of potential investments. So we are I think better positioned than we have been for maybe a decade in terms of CapEx and expansion in the different businesses here in the Midwest.
Steve Steinour: Thank you all again. 2016 was highlighted by the acquisition of FirstMerit, and our continued strong core financial performance. We are encouraged by the focused activities of our colleagues and the sentiment of our customers. With sound fundamentals in place at the start of the year, we are positioned for solid performance in the coming quarters. Clearly, our strategies are working and our execution of goals continues to drive good results. We expect to continue to gain market share and grow share of wallet. The addition of FirstMerit's solid balance sheet, strong credit performance, valuable customer base and new markets provide opportunities for us to further accelerate achievement of our long-term financial goals. We're already realizing revenue synergies in several areas. And finally, I want to close by reiterating that our Board and this Management Team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priority is integrating FirstMerit and growing our core business. At the same time, we will continue to manage risks and volatility and do so with the intent of driving solid, consistent long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
