Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Dave. Our Fair Play banking philosophy coupled with our Optimal Customer Relationship or OCR continues to drive new customer growth and increases in product penetration. This slide recaps the continued upward trend in consumer checking. This is Slide 17. Over the last year, consumer checking account households grew by 94,000 households or 7%. In the last quarter, the annualized growth rate was over 10%, but about a third of those households were from the Camco transaction that closed in March. The mid-to-high single-digit pace remains in line with the expectations we set nearly four years ago. Over this last year, we’ve continued to focus on increase in the number of products and services we provide to those customers and the corresponding revenue. The charts that you’re accustomed to see are in the appendix that the broader takeaway is that the strategy continues to drive in new customers and we are establishing deeper relationships. Turning to Slide 18, the new commercial relationships over the last, the net new growth was 2.6% as there are 4,000 new commercial customers banking with Huntington. You’ll see that the last quarter had very limited growth and that tie directly to some changes that we’ve made in our business banking checking products, which accelerated the closing of lower balance business checking accounts and we expect some additional closings throughout the remainder of the year. Our underlying growth with new business customers is strong. The customers that remain with Huntington have deeper relationships, the percentage of commercial customers with four plus products and services increased by 2% since December of last year. : Customers in particular businesses are feeling better than they did a year ago. Competition continues to be tough and we’ve continued to selectively reduce large corporate portfolio, but our middle market especially verticals and auto lending businesses continue to see solid growth and strong pipelines. Auto loan originations volume remains good and had attractive yield of around 3%, the rest of the loan portfolio is expected to grow modestly and investment securities will continue to be rolled in the OCR compliant high liquidity assets. NIMs expected to be under continued pressure, but we expect net interest income to grow. Noninterest income excluding the net MSR impact and security gains is expected to be slightly lower than the seasonally low first quarter. As we commented on in January, we continue to refine our consumer checking products and in July, we’ll make a change that we expect to negatively impact fee income by around $6 million per quarter. This approximate impact was in our previous expectations. Now putting these two items together, we expected total revenue to grow. Continued to the next page, noninterest expense including Significant Items will have some quarterly volatility as second quarter sees the full impact of Camco and this year’s peak marketing expense along with the annual merit increase that occurs in May. The overall message remains that we’ve remained diligent on controlling expenses and are committed to delivering full year operating leverage. : Turning to Slide 20, and as you’ve heard me say, we’re committed to positive operating leverage for the year. This slide lays out the results for the year-to-date and our adjusted total revenue is up about 2%. Adjusted expenses were down 1.6% it’s too early in the year to claim our victory on operating leverage, but we wanted to provide with you an update to our progress. Before I turn it back to Todd for Q&A, I’m very pleased to introduce our recently appointed CFO, Howell McCullough that I think many of you know him as Mac, and we’ll be referring to Mac as we go forward. And some of you would know him through his role of Chief Strategy Officer at U.S. Bank, which by the way is a bank I admire for their consistency of results and disciplined approach to growth. And he is a great fit for us here at Huntington, Mac although, he earned his MBA from Wharton, he did his undergraduate degree from The Ohio State University and having grown up from in Columbus, he knows our markets well. That brings with him a commitment to customer advocacy, which has been a hallmark of Huntington since it was founded, he also has expertise in revenue growth, expense management and innovation, all these attributes we’re seeking to take to the next – take Huntington to the next level. So, I’ll close with a thank you to Dave Anderson, our Controller, did a super job stepping in as interim CFO, along with the accounting and finance teams, which all did outstanding job for the last year. Dave filled that interim CFO role wonderfully. So with that, back to you, Todd.
Stephen D. Steinour: We certainly think it’s completely in line with our Fair Play strategy, and will be helpful to us. I would point, Kevin, last year, we made a $30 million reduction in overdraft fees related to posting order changes, $30 million approximately. but as you saw the results for the year, the actual service charge fees were up about 6%. So we’re getting signals that our customers and our ability to attract new customers really appreciate this Fair Play approach. and so that’s in part why we decided to continue to roll out differentiating positions with our checking product.Kevin J. St. Pierre – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes, it is. We reclassified $600 million at the end of December and then throughout the quarter as we got, we originated new assets, the balance increased about $673 million. but I think you’re doing the math right.Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And that was all in the commercial line, the C&I line.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. It came out of C&I, and went into available-for-sale securities.Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, perfect. And then just the follow-up question on the expense line, obviously comp was I guess very well controlled this quarter. Can you just run through the ups and downs? I think you have the merit increases in May, you had seasonally higher payroll taxes this quarter, and I know you have the pension expense or curtailment, I guess, when we sort of net that out and we should – we’re sort of at a broadly sustainable level, or do we take up in second quarter and then I’m just wondering how sustainable this level of comp expense is? Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour: I mean we will see a merit increase in May. we obviously continue to manage expense as well. but we will see that impact in May as we’ve signaled.
Stephen D. Steinour: So that would – that could be misleading if you just took a spot and not an average. But we had pretty good growth throughout the quarter. it ramped a bit, but it got a little better during the quarter. but it wasn’t back-end loaded. So the – as we come into this quarter, we get essentially the same kind of pipeline to work with and to help you that the Camco loan portfolio is about $500 million of business and consumer.Scott Siefers – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP: Yes, okay. So maybe, just taking that out of the end-of-period is probably a pretty good proxy then for the kind of growth rate we could see going forward, it sounds like.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes, we can see, you’ve got a couple of weeks in it, but that’s all.Scott Siefers – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP:  Yes. Okay. All right, that’s perfect. I appreciate the time.
Stephen D. Steinour: And as we’ve talked about before, we have concentration limits in place for a variety of our loan portfolios. But, we tend to articulate it around Commercial Real Estate as a concentration limit on these calls and the analyst sessions just to point out them.Daniel M. Delmoro – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it could be helpful to us in terms of both growth in customers, but also a share of wallet. We continue to refine our efforts around share of wallet.Steven A. Alexopoulos – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Just a question regarding compliance with liquidity coverage ratio, what’s the approximate dollar balance of higher liquid securities that you still need to add and what’s the timing to get there? Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour: So the overall portfolio, the securities portfolio is the absolute level today, is about the level it needs to be and as we look over the course of the year of the principal and interest of the non-qualified that roll through, we’ll reinvest that back into qualifying assets and on target to be there by the end of the year. So we’ve said that it’s about $100 million, $125 million a month in interest and amortization. And so that will cycle now throughout the year. We do have some legacy assets that would not be high qualified, and so that may continue to be a modest amount of substitution, but as we’ve said in the year-end call we wanted to get the portfolio positioned in aggregate during the fourth quarter for a number of reasons, including the potential scarcity of some of the product we were looking for.Steven A. Alexopoulos – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. So just remixing the rest of the year should be enough. Okay thank you.
Stephen D. Steinour: We didn’t mean to imply further growth in that portfolio. This is normal and monthly interest and if you will, principal repayment or amortization of the existing portfolio that we would look to reinvest to hold the portfolio at roughly the $11 billion level that it’s at today.Craig W. Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  So, Steve, so you hold it at $11 billion, but there's a $1.5 billion mix shift from the Fannie and Freddie portion to the Ginnie portion. And the net I think interest income delta on that is maybe 20 basis points because the Ginnies are yielding something lower. That was kind of my quick math. 
Stephen D. Steinour: But it’s not all coming out of Fannie/Freddie to be sure, and it’s got a variety of coupons around it and the durations maybe a little different as we look at reinvest. We do not intend to take a lot of market risk and we haven’t in the last five years, but so we’ve a number of things to work with, I wouldn’t do the 20 bps Craig, but we don’t try and provide specific guidance. So just in that context, I think you did a bit severe.Craig W. Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Okay. Great thanks for the color Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, as we’ve said in the full year outlook, net interest income will be up, will swim through whatever margin compression, fee income will be modestly down if not flat, trying to overcome mortgage, the mortgage position. But when we gave that earning outlook, we had contemplated the decision that we’re sharing today around further adjustments to the overdrive line item and so the overall guidance doesn’t change. We’re consistent with that and so the combination of those factors and managing expenses will put us inline with what we originally said.Ryan M. Nash – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great and thank you for taking my questions.
Stephen D. Steinour: Jon when we talk about investments not mature, these specialty businesses or verticals, none of them are mature. And we’ve been doing this now for a number of years. we did three at the end of 2012, but there were a series of them before. they all have growth potential for us and they’re all coming on.Jon G. Arfstrom – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. thank you. 
Stephen D. Steinour: That’s the organic, but we also have enrolled Camco into that.David J. Long – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. so Camco is built into the – that sort of guidance if you want to call it back.
Stephen D. Steinour: Camco is included.David J. Long – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you, okay. that’s all I have – that I have got left. Thanks guys.
Stephen D. Steinour: While we test and learn, and as we said, we survey and get feedback, there is nothing large on the horizon at this point, and I wouldn’t say never, but it’s not obvious to us what or when we might do something else now. so I think for purposes of modeling, certainly through the rest of this year, there is not another wave of activity that we’re contemplating.Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous Research LLP: Thanks very much.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you very much. So we think we had a solid start to the year. we’re grateful for your interest today, keep in your way above 1% was – is an objective and although it depressed a bit as we built the securities designed to meet the new liquidity rules. we’re pleased with results. The customer activity in particular, that’s translated into balance sheet growth, bodes well for us as we move forward. The Camco acquisition closing integration, doing that smoothly was a nice step along with this recently announced branch acquisition in Michigan. So each one of these, while not being significant, they add a bit to the balance sheet, 1% or so to the balance sheet, and while not being particularly significant. they do help us strengthen us over time, give us more density, and deliver modest improvements in our efficiency ratios. So we’re going to continue to execute [Technical Difficulty]
David S. Anderson: Ken, you’ll also see some increased marketing, our marketing tends to be seasonal. and so that that will be an increase. and then finally, the Camco acquisition was brought in – brought on late in the first quarter. so that that will have some overheads associated with it as well. But that’s been part of what’s been in the expectations, frankly all of those has been in terms of the expectations and the Camco, there is the revenue as well.Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it, okay. thank you very much.
David S. Anderson: This is Dave. Scott, I think that we think about the future, we’re obviously having very good success in growing loans this quarter. we expect that to continue into 2014 and 2015. So that will help us. We talked about the factor we’re still expecting the net interest income line to continue to grow. Our supermarket strategy, we expect it to break-even by the end of this year. So that will help us obviously from the positive operating leverage. And we are sensitive to short-term interest rates, a large percentage of our book is LIBOR-based, and our projections on interest rates will help as interest rates move up on the short part of the curve, that will help us as well.
David S. Anderson: We are seeing some activity; the thing we like about our verticals is that the growth is coming from all of them. we’re not relying on any one to kind of outperform. We’re seeing traction starting to develop in all of them, and foreign non-subs is a contributor. it is not huge, but we are starting from kind of ground zero. So we like the developing pipeline there and what we’ve added to the book thus far. 
David S. Anderson: this is Dave. as in the past, we just don’t comment on litigation matters.Sameer Gokhale – Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Well, those are the two questions I had. Thank you.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. I think this is Dan. On CRE, we are seeing a pickup of activity, I think there has been the opportunities, multifamily retail, we’re seeing more properties change hands. So I do think that over the last couple of quarters, we’ve seen more opportunities there, that’s within the profile we’re looking for.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: And the majority of the shares that we repurchased in the first quarter or after Camco, we’re in a – we were required to stay on the market for a while, but most of the activity happened later in March.Tom M. Shearer – Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great, thanks.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. This is Dan. So, in terms of utilization it has been flat, which is actually a positive because we’ve seen a couple of year trend of decreasing utilization. So, we believe that’s leveled out and maybe pointed to an uptick, but definitely a change in direction there in the flattening. In terms of frothiness in the market, yes nothing has changed from last quarter, the market is as competitive as ever. And CRE in particular, yes, it’s more aggressive, but given where – we have pretty modest growth targets there. So we are able to pretty much take on the credit that fits our profile and still withholding to loan-to-value debt service coverage ratios et cetera. The stress has been more on term and recourse, but the disciplines of debt service coverage and LTVs have held up well. And so, we like what we are adding to the book.
