Mark Muth: Thank you. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our Web site, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded, and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call.Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer. As noted on slide two, today's discussion, including the Q&A period will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time, and are subject to changes, risks, and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, and the material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings.Let me now turn it over to Steve, who will start on slide three.
Mark Muth: Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up, and then if that person has any additional questions, he or she can add them back into the queue. Thank you.
Mark Muth: Ken this is Mark. I would say that generally what we're seeing on the consumer side is very rational, and as we would have expected, and the re-pricing coming in both with better pricing and better retention has allowed us to then be a little more aggressive on the commercial side, which we do see is more competitive. If you were to point to some of the competitive issues out there, it definitely is on the commercial side, in particular with your large dollar deposit on the commercial side, and we've just allowed some of those to leave the bank as a result of the success we're having on consumer side.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Rich. Slide 16 illustrates our expectations for full-year 2020. We expect 2020 to be another year of sustained organic growth as we continue to execute and invest in our core growth strategies. We expect full-year average loan growth in the range of 3% to 4% of continued growth in both consumer and commercial portfolios we expect growth to be modestly stronger on the consumer side focused in home lending and auto finance; we expect slightly more measured commercial loan growth consistent with recent economic data.Full-year average deposit growth is expected to be approximately 3% to 4% as we remain focused on acquiring or checking accounts and deepening customer relationships. Specifically our expectation entails continued decline CDs more than offset by growth in checking and money markets. We expect full-year total revenue growth of 1.5% to 3.5% on a GAAP basis which grows in both net interest income and non-interest income. We are projecting the NIM to rebound in the first-half of 2020 from the 2019 fourth quarter before stabilizing in the second-half of the year.Given our relatively neutralized interest rate risk positioning, we remain confident in our outlook for net interest income growth, while deposit pricing remains rationale in our markets we are closely watching the competitive environment around rate and volume of deposits as this represents the primary risk and opportunity for variance to our NIM forecast. We expect non-interest income on a GAAP basis to grow at a slightly higher pace than total revenue in 2020 driven by the continued focus on deepening customer relationships. Full-year non-interest expense is expected to increase 1% to 3%. Based on our active management in 2019, we are comfortable with our current expense base and the run rate trajectory. Our focus is on driving continued investment in opportunities to further differentiate Huntington and drive revenue growth. As we told you previously, and are demonstrating with our actions and our 2020 guidance, we remain committed to targeting annual positive operating leverage. We anticipate that the full-year 2020 net charge-offs will be within a range of 35 to 45 basis points.As Rich just covered fundamentally our credit remains strong, we are taking decisive action to mitigate the risk in our oil and gas portfolio. As a result, we have expectations for oil and gas charge-offs remaining slightly elevated in the first-half of 2020. These charges are fully repressed in our 2020 guidance. We believe we are adequately reserved at year-end and with the life of loan CECL adoption. Our expectation for the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year is in the 15.5% to 16.5% range.
Zach Wasserman: This is Zach. I will take that question, David. Good to talk with you. We are essentially assuming the forward yield curve as it existed in November, although it's relatively consistent with where it looks right now. The Fed funds expectation is relatively neutral. I think the actual forward rate, look at it precisely, included forecasted one rate cuts sort in the late summertime period, but I think as we have noted in the prepared remarks, based on our hedging program, our net interest income, NIM is essentially neutralized from one rate increase and one rate decrease from today. So, I would say taking a step back sort of roughly flat from where we are today.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, we do. I think under most realistic rate scenarios, as I mentioned, the hedging program will keep our NIM pretty constant, so we are not expecting how to pull those expense levers, but as always we do have a number of expense levers that we've got at our disposal. I'll take down a few of them. We can always look at the pacing and phasing of our strategic growth initiatives. We've got the number one branch here in Michigan and Ohio, and so, looking at our branch network and the cost around that is an opportunity, and I think generally as we see revenue soften, we typically see just the linked variable expense reduction from compensation tend to mitigate and offset that. So, those are the levers we've got at our disposal we look at all the time. There are other levers like staffing contingency plans, which you saw us pull in the fourth quarter of 2019, which are at our disposal, but again, it's not our expectation that we'll have to do that in 2020. The last thing I'll just say, is you commented positive operating leverage, we are managing and expecting to generate positive operating leverage in 2020.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll answer that one. So, the answer is yes, we are still comfortable with the approximately 3.20 guidance that we talked about in December at the Goldman Sachs conference, and just reiterated today in the prepared remarks. We expect the trajectory of that to be kicking higher into the first quarter. So, stabilizing around that level by mid second quarter, and then oscillating around that level through the balance of the year. There is really a couple big drivers of that. So, the most substantial of which is the re-pricing of the deposit maturity that we've talked about in the prepared remarks, there's roughly $5 billion re-pricing in Q1 and other $4 billion re-pricing in Q2. And so far, we're really pleased with both the retention and the pricing on that, which is proceeding according to our plans. The other factor, it's little smaller, but still helpful is the 70 basis points of pick-up we got on the securities repositioning that we discussed earlier. So, those two factors are what driving that and helping us to get the NIM to back to 320.With that being said, there's a couple of factors we're watching. Asset yields on new production, your previous question around auto and residential, we continue to see them where we want them, but that's something we look at very carefully. The other one is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the volume in rate for the deposit costs, again, we're seeing the trend on our expectation, but it's something that we’ll continue to watch. Those are the biggest factors that could cause the NIM to be higher or lower than that 3.20.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, it's assuming that essentially the forward rate curve that exists in November as I mentioned, which if you look precisely at the Fed Funds expectation, and that had one cut over the late summertime period, but even if it's flat, we're going to be roughly [indiscernible].
Zach Wasserman: So, the expectation for the securities portfolio -- this is Zach, roughly constant from where we are today. No material change, we like where we're at, and that's the expectations at this point. The second part of the question was -- back book…
Zach Wasserman: Let's take that offline. I don't have that detail right in front of me. Yes, Ken, I've got that downstairs. So, I'll follow-up with you on that.
Steve Steinour: Jon, USMCA is just recently done, and obviously there are other issues, distractions going on at D.C. right now. So I don't think there is a meaningful change yet, but from what we have reported at the prior conference, and I do expect there is going to be a second-half optimistic - lift. I'm optimistic in that regard, but I think it is going to be a little hesitant, little reluctant in talking with different customers about the start of this year. We did see more cash on balance sheets at the end of the year. So, spot balances were down a bit from where we expected them to be. That was particularly true in auto as customers kept more cash on sheet. So, I think that just reflects the conservatism and just sort of wait-and-see approach. Again, in the Midwest we are hampered by lack of labor, so that is an element in this planning process as well as these uncertainties.
Steve Steinour: Yes, John. It's Rich, I will take that. So, I'll take the second question first. So, as it relates to CECL, the auto business is really neutral, and the weighted average life of our typical auto loan is not that much different than what we had under the incurred loss methodology. So, it's a fairly benign impact from a CECL standpoint. As it relates to the overall business strategy, I think, we have just a tremendous franchise across multiple states with thousands of dealers that we've got the ability to drive volume. I think we are in a very high cycle band that tends to be more price sensitive than others. So, I don't see us having any real issues in meeting the origination goals that we've got from the indirect automatic business in 2020.
Steve Steinour: Yes, I think we're -- as I said, we're seeing the re-pricing activity be pretty much in line with our expectations taking down, but also being somewhat competitive. So we assumed and plan for the right environment we've got right now, and we're seeing a trend in that way.
Steve Steinour: I'm pleased with our 2019 performance, particularly given the environmental challenges we faced, our active management position, the bank continues to execute on our strategies, and confident about our prospects for 2020. Our top priorities are executing our strategic plan and thoughtfully investing in our businesses for continued prudent organic growth, while delivering annual positive operating leverage. We are clearly building long-term shareholder value through a diligent focus on top quartile financial performance and consistently disciplined risk management. And finally, we always like to end with a reminder to our shareholders, there's a high level of alignment between the board, management, colleagues, and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively a top 10 shareholder of Huntington, and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. So, thank you for your interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
