Mac McCullough: This is Mac. So I do think what you're seeing in the quarter is consistent with the guidance we gave last quarter on the call. We do have good pipeline that picked up later in the quarter and we are being very disciplined in terms of how we think about this from our risk appetite and reward perspective. You know, I do think that if you adjust for the Macquarie acquisition and think about the end point of the quarter that would be a good starting point for growing off of. But again we did see strength in the latter part of the quarter and again it's what we expected when we announced last quarter.
Mac McCullough: I would tell you that the growth is pretty consistent with what you've seen historically. We have made some pricing changes that have impacted volume and some of this pricing changes have stuck. I think that it's important just to think about the environments and the fact that it is, but there is good opportunities for auto growth and we’re going to be consistent with what we produce historically.
Mac McCullough: It's Mac, so HTF added 7 basis points to the margin in the quarter and then there was about 2 basis points related to some security calls. So I think that’s how you got to think about it going forward at least at the starting point. And then just keep in mind that we’ve been pretty consistent in 2 to 4 basis points of compression on a quarterly basis and we don’t think that’s unreasonable.
Mac McCullough: It's Mac, so we do feel very comfortable that expense growth from the remainder of the year is going to be very consistent with what you see in the second quarter, so we think it's important to be consistent in the guidance that we provide and make sure that we report back to you on how we are performing against that guidance. And again even with all the investments that we have coming on later this year we are opening more in-stores, we continue to make investments in digital and other technology. We feel very comfortable with expenses being at the same level second quarter of 2015.
Mac McCullough: I’ll leave that to you to decide based upon the guidance that we’ve given here. But certainly we’re comfortable stuck in second quarter levels.
Mac McCullough: I think it really, again the limit goes to when we look across the portfolio where is there less volatility, where we have the historical performance, et cetera. What's the allocation we want in the various asset classes on a relative basis and we think that one, we don’t think 150 to 175 is significant, but we think it's fully supportive based on the results, and past history and where we want to book to go in the future.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Ken, it's Mac. So we have a good performance in mortgage and we do expect continued performance. Keep in mind we did have 6 million in MSR pickup in the quarter and we certainly don’t forecast either gains or losses when we put together our models. So we do think that mortgage is going to be a good contributor to revenue growth for the remainder of the year. And when you think about HTF and the revenue on the fee side, we do think that that’s a good base to build off of.
Mac McCullough: Yes, so, very, very comfortable with that. And one thing I would point out is that HTF did have some operating leases and we're not going to be booking operating leases going forward. So you will start to see, if there's $8 million of revenue in the quarter and $6 million of expense in the quarter related to operating leases, those items will start to run off. But they will be replaced, obviously, on the balance sheet with new production that won’t be operating leases. So you need to think about the timing of how you adjust your fee revenue and your expenses, but just want to make you aware of that.
Mac McCullough: So Erika I would tell you that where we need to be for LCR for 2015 and as we think about what we're going to do going forward to get to 100% we're not going to increase the size of the security portfolio. So we are basically going to be able to take cash flow from the securities portfolio and get the securities that we need to be compliant with LCR at a 100% level. So you won't see the balance sheet grow due to selling compliant with LCR.
Mac McCullough: So we've been pretty consistent in talking about our comfort with the way the swap portfolio is laddered and the way the swaps are rolling off naturally. We provided some guidance around 1 billion of swaps coming off in 2015 and an additional 3.5 billion in 2016 and those are the natural maturities of the portfolio. So we feel very comfortable with that.
Mac McCullough: That our current intent, we feel like this was a very wise thing for us to do in the rate environment we were in, it actually protected the margin significantly and helped us manage interest rate risk on the balance sheet and we think the timing of these swaps and their current maturities is advantageous for us.
Mac McCullough: It's Mac, we’ve got 30 new locations set to open in third quarter, another 10 in the fourth quarter. And you need to keep in mind that we do hire the bankers 60 to 90 days in advance for opening those stores. The remainder of the expenses you can expect to see come online as we open those branches. So not going to go into detail around those specifics of incremental expense related to the expansion, but again I’ll take you back to the expense guidance that we’ve given and we’re very comfortable with second quarter levels.
Mac McCullough: I would suggest it's not going to be a material number, it's actually the cost to integrate HTF on full rate [ph] is one of the lowest cost I have ever seen in immigration. So it's really not material.
Mac McCullough: So I think the way to think about it, second quarter is typically seasonally strong and I think if you go back and take a look overtime and just get an idea what happens there that’s one way to think about it. It’s probably a little bit more difficult for us because a Fair Play and some other changes that we’ve made. Clearly when you think about the way we acquired new households and commercial customers, a lot of the growth in the new customers have really helped us overcome, some of the changes we’ve made on the Fair Play side. And then with our focus on OCR and deepening relationships that’s been very beneficial as well. And particular treasury management which -- some of the revenue associated with treasury management gets recorded in that line and we’ve had very strong growth in treasury management. And the last thing I’d point out is that we did make some changes in July of last year that costs us about $6 million a quarter in service charges and we’re basically through that impact at this point. So I would expect to see some favorable growth in service charges for the remainder of the year.
Mac McCullough: It's a great question, I think they both have contributed in a pretty material way. I think we’ve had better success in revenue growth related to new customer relationships on the commercial side, I think the bigger opportunity going forward is on the consumer side. So that’s probably how I would think about it. I think a lot of the investments we’ve made on the commercial side of the business particularly on the fee side have paid-off very nicely for us and as we think about the opportunity to deepen relationships on the consumer side of the business going forward and take advantage of all the new households, we’ve brought to the organization that is going to be a nice driver for us going forward.
Mac McCullough: There might a few branches that will meet into 2016, but I think for all practical purposes we accrue no expenses around Q4.
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Marty. So I do think, and we talked about this quite a bit historically that the swaps that we put on and when we put them on, actually did a great job in protecting the margin and you and I talked about that quite a bit. But when we put these on, we didn’t put them on from thinking about a timing perspective and as we let them mature we're not really thinking about it in terms of trying to time what's happening in the market place. We do have a belief as I think most do, the rates are going to rise, if it's not in third or fourth quarter, certainly it will be early next year. And when we think about just the natural maturity of the portfolio it seems like it's the right thing to do just to let these swaps mature. So that's the way we think about it and certainly we're not trying to thread the needle here.
Mac McCullough: Right, which is the way we thought about it and we have disclosed historically, that we had historically 4 billion to 5 billion of asset swaps on throughout the cycle. So we certainly do think about how to hedge the balance sheet but again we are not trying to thread the needle here.
