Mac McCullough: And Ken, I think the other thing is we’ve had remarkable recoveries on CRE and we won’t see that continuing into 2016, so we would naturally see some increase in charge-offs there.
Mac McCullough: So Ken, clearly, below our long-term range of 35 to 55. We’ll probably see some increase towards that range, but we’ll definitely be below it.
Mac McCullough: Well, the majority of the increase in the nonaccrual loans were – as we said, we moved two reserve base loans to nonaccrual. The criticized category was actually much more stable. There was a very slight uptick in that category, but that obviously would be included in the NALs.
Mac McCullough: You know, Steve, it’s going to be mixed across the portfolio and I would tell you that we continue to see the same demand that we have seen historically in terms of the, our customers wanting to borrow. It’s just a matter of us being more disciplined and making sure that we bring onto the balance sheet what we feel comfortable with. Clearly, we still see pressure on pricing, maybe less pressure on structure, but still some pressure on structure. And we’re just being disciplined in terms of what we do.
Mac McCullough: Well, we’ve done a great job of growing households and commercial operating accounts. And we’re going to continue to see that, I believe, because of the, the philosophy we have around customer service, our fair play strategy. So I would expect that we’re going to continue to grow households and we’ll still see good noninterest bearing growth along with that.
Mac McCullough: It was $10 million. That applied not just to the two credits, but that was our reserve base loan portfolio in total, we added $10 million. So we now have a 6% reserve on our reserve base lending portfolio.
Mac McCullough: No. Actually, our strategies are all, pretty much all tier national credit. Our target is larger well capitalized firms that have generally had access to the capital markets, have sophisticated hedging strategies, et cetera. So this is largely a tier national credit book.
Mac McCullough: Yes. David, it’s certainly a component of pressure to the margin. I would tell you that a good portion of it continues to be LCR and how we’re funding LCR with wholesale funds. But, you know, this is all built into our plan around the expectations for 2016. So we’re comfortable with that guidance of staying at 3% or above in 2016. And again, we’re letting these swaps roll off so we can become more asset sensitive over time and we feel very comfortable with that strategy.
Mac McCullough: I’m not sure about the commercial, but I think across the entire portfolio, another 25 basis points would certainly give us some relief from that pressure.
Mac McCullough: Well, obviously we look at delinquencies and all the kind of traditional measurements. But as we’re kind of even a step beyond that as we’re talking to our customers and looking for the signals that did obviously, we’re looking at job formation and interest rates and, you know, and the manufacturing base within our footprint, which continues to be strong. But in terms of the metrics, we try to look at the, you know, the early indicators, which are downgrades within the portfolio, including credit migration within the pass rated loan category and delinquencies are the primary measures. But again, before we even get to that point, we’re trying to stay in touch with our customers and look at the key indicators that they are watching. And as Steve indicated earlier, right now in our region, the indicators are actually quite positive.
Mac McCullough: Well, I think there’s a lot of uncertainty out there right now. And that is – we always take a conservative stance. If we have questions in the economy, we’re going to – going to take a more cautious approach. But I would say that there’s a Stark contrast today between what you see in the news and the way our customers and then folks in our region are feeling. But nonetheless, we are paying attention to the warning signs and clearly, you know, the energy and commodities businesses are quite volatile and that goes into our thinking.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So we did slow the buyback down as the quarter progressed, wanted to keep our powder dry. We fully intend to use the remainder of the buyback over the next two quarters. And we’ve talked about how we use capital in terms of supporting the core growth and supporting the dividend. And after that comes share buybacks and M&A activity. But obviously at this price, we like our – we like the price very well.
Mac McCullough: Obviously, it will depend on market conditions and where we go from here, but, certainly that is possible for us to use the entire authorization.
Mac McCullough: Terry, there are two components in that line, right. There’s the commercial, the treasury management revenue and then there’s the retail side. Keep in mind that in the third quarter of 2014, we made our last fair play adjustment of $6 million. So you’re seeing the first full quarter of kind of year-over-year growth off of the consumer side of the business reflecting the great job we do in bringing new households to the bank. And also tell you that treasury management had a great year in terms of product capability, penetrating the customer base, and fee growth. So, you know, certainly encouraged by what we see this quarter and definitely expect the trends to remain intact, especially relative to what you saw previous to this quarter.
Mac McCullough: So we’re obviously always looking for acquisitions. I think we’ve been very consistent in how we talk about it. I would say for us, there’s really no change in terms of activity. We look at core banking franchises. We look at opportunities like MacQuarie that we had this year and continue to look into six to eight-footprint contiguous states. So I say, Peter, there’s really no change in how we see the environment or really how we approach the environment.
Mac McCullough: It’s probably too early to make that call. I would say it’s been consistent in terms of what we see happening.
Steve Steinour: I think the team has done a pretty good job. We essentially were flat year-over-year with origination and that reflected efforts to maintain yield. More recently, we’ve been able to increase the yield on new production. So we’re back above the 3% level.
Steve Steinour: We like the asset class. There’s no change in outlook for it. We just remain very disciplined in it. You get to see that discipline as we release it every quarter in terms of the different credit and other metrics.
Steve Steinour: And I think that’s the key, right? Because we’re at a very low level in terms of charge-offs and nonperforming assets and we will see more volatility in 2016. So off of this low level is it likely that we see a trend towards the upside that’s likely? We’re very comfortable with how we’re positioned.
Steve Steinour: Thanks. because if we continue to manage this risk profile with an aggregate, moderate to low position and we’re coming off of a very severe cycle with absolute lows. So, we’re not overly concerned about it. In fact, we like the – we very much like the geography we’re in and what we’re hearing from our customers.
Steve Steinour: That’s correct. It would be negligible. There would probably be a couple of small deals out there that you could classify as oilfield services, but we have – as a strategy, we have specifically avoided that and within our energy vertical, we have zero exposure.
Steve Steinour: Well, we continue to invest in the business. That’s part of the plan. We’ve been investing every year. We pace that investment and taper it off. And then there are other categories of expenses that that we would look to and some of that would be some of the business expansion in terms of people and related. Certainly, if we didn’t see the revenue, the incentives and commissions would be adjusted. I think we may adjust some of our discretionary investments in a number of areas that we routinely want to look at. An example might be marketing. So hopefully that gives you – there is a smorgasbord that we’re working with. We do this routinely. It’s part of what we deliver to our board. If for some reason the economy starts changing, then we have a series of levels of contingent adjustments.
Steve Steinour: Well, we’re very pleased with our fourth quarter and certainly the full-year 2015 results. We delivered 13% annual growth in earnings per share and 4% annual growth in tangible book value per share. 2015 results reflected a 12.4% return on tangible common equity, and a one-on-one return on tangible – return on assets. As we enter 2016, I’m optimistic, equally optimistic, I should say, with regard to the year ahead. Our strategies are working. Our investments continue to drive results and our execution remains focused and strong focused and strong. We’re gaining market share and we’re taking share of wallet. So we expect to generate annual revenue growth consistent with our long-term financial goals, and we’ll manage our continued investments in our businesses to the revenue environment. We continue to work toward becoming more efficient and improving returns. Finally, I want to close by reiterating that our board and this management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priorities include managing risk, reducing volatility, and driving solid consistent long-term performance. So I want to thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
