Mac McCullough: Well, thanks Scott, thanks for the question. I think the way to think about it, we continue to see compression in certain loan portfolios as we see the re-pricing take place. Certainly there are some portfolios where we’ve already crossed that line but we’re not seeing significant or any re-pricing. We will see some pressure as we add securities for LCR. We’ll about 1 billion incremental along with kind of having to repurchase about 100 million to 130 million a month from maturities. So, those things will add the margin pressure as well. Certainly there is not much room on the deposit side going forward. We do continue to grow demand deposits very nicely. And that is certainly going to help as we remix the deposits but continued pressure on the margin that will be outpaced by earning asset growth in 2015.
Mac McCullough: What we saw on a year-over-year basis, we did have an MSR gain in the fourth quarter of 2013, we had MSR increase in the fourth quarter of 2014. So, I think that certainly impacted us quite a bit. Other than that, I think our production stats were in line with what we saw in the industry. And we certainly are seeing a pickup as we see what’s happening today in the market. So, we do expect a better improvement in this line in 2015.
Mac McCullough: We certainly have seen a few areas in the fee income area that are showing strength due to our growth in households and also businesses as Steve mentioned earlier. We see capital markets increasing; we see the ATM and debit card fees increasing significantly both double-digit growth in the quarter. We do expect to see a better growth in non-interest income in 2015 relative to what we saw in 2014 as we probably bottomed out in mortgage. And again, as we discussed earlier, we are going to see good earning asset growth that will certainly offset any progression we see in 2015.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So, there is a lot of components as to how we look at making sure we have an adequate and appropriate ACL. And most of the metrics as you know were very strong. So, we had a really low level of charge-offs, NPAs coming down and improving economy. And so, when you factor all those in and if we see a trend developing, we’ll modify. But we don’t believe we’ve seen a trend here. We think this is one quarter phenomenon and the increase in criticized. So, we feel very good about the level of ACL today. And again, we continue to have improvements in the C&I portfolio, continued recoveries in CRE which drove a lot of the reduction. So, on the whole we think we’re right where we need to be.
Mac McCullough: Well clearly, we don’t expect -- we’re at our -- lower than where we expect to be on charge-offs, so I certainly don’t see things getting better on that front from here. So, I think you can make you own assessment of that.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks Bob, it’s Mac. So, you certainly touched on one variable that is going to impact how soon we achieve the bottom end of some of these ranges and that is the rate environment. But clearly we’re doing other things to make sure that we move in that direction. We’ve talked about positive operating leverage; we’ve talked about making sure that we manage our expense base as it relates to the revenue opportunity that we have in any one year. And that certainly is going to continue to move us towards the efficiency ratio target. As it relates to tangible common equity, we are continuing to make the right investments in the businesses that we think have the best returns going forward. We are looking through opportunities to optimize the existing balance sheet and in some cases making sure that we are being efficient in how we’re using our balance sheet and certainly investing in higher return on equity businesses. So, this is going to be -- it’s not going to happen overnight but certainly the things that we do every day, they head in the right direction are going to help us get there. And I would expect late 2015, 2016, we’ll start to see the achievement of some of these ratios.
Mac McCullough: Yes. What I’ll commit to is we’re going to continue to make progress in the right direction and that rates will certainly help us get there but there are a lot of other things that we’re doing that are going to help us achieve those ratios.
Mac McCullough: Well clearly, it would be a larger impact for the year after, given any rate change later in the year really going to partial your benefit. Clearly, we’ll get some pickup as rates increase. And certainly midyear or later seems to be what would be the best we can hope for. But the bigger impact would come in 2016.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Jon, it’s Mac. Obviously the provision is the outcome of how we think about we need from an appropriate reserve perspective and we just have a lot of very positive actions in the fourth quarter that in this provision number. I think the inflow of classified that we saw that’s criticized that is obviously incorporated into the fourth quarter number. And we do feel comfortable with credit quality where it’s out there. So, clearly we’re at a low level relative to what we expect longer term. There could be some volatility as we move forward because we are at such a low level but I think a lot of things came together in the right direction this quarter to make that happen.
Mac McCullough: Okay. Let’s say that’s a pretty broad category. When we talk about what we have; natural resources is the broadest of categories. Our E&P book which is how has been our energy vertical that has about 500 million of commitment and about 300 million or so in outstanding. And that is largely reserve base, syndicated deals that have broad geographic diversity. The entire energy category can define at a number of different ways but I think in terms of the oil and gas has primarily reserve based lending and…
Mac McCullough: Sure. And our energy book is weighted towards natural gas. We do have about half dozen of ores that are oil heavy but the majority of the book is weighted towards natural gas. And again, reserve base, for the most part we do have a few midstream names in there as well. And I should emphasize that in that portfolio none of that was in the -- moved to criticized.
Mac McCullough: Right Erika, it’s Mac. So, we are going to manage the expense base based on a revenue environment to achieve positive operating leverage. So, we do continue to see good earning asset growth which we believe will overcome any NIM pressure that we have in 2015. And we are going to see better growth in fee income in 2015 as well. So, yes, I think the positive operating leverage comment is a strong comment that we are committed to.
Steve Steinour: We have been very consistent with our auto lending we show to you every quarter. If you look back over the last five years, our FICO bands are credibly tight [ph] our loan to values, new use moves a little bit depending on the year and new production by the auto manufacturers. But we’re very bullish on auto. We think we’re going to come off a very good year and have an even better one. Certainly there is consumer benefit coming by a refinance potential that exists today compounded with the lower price of the pump for gas, should help drive auto to even -- to no worse than last year. We’re optimistic it’s going to be a better year on the whole. And our discipline will remain in place and we expect our performance to continue at or better than prior periods.
Steve Steinour: I think it’s tremendous for our region, both at the consumer but I’d also say at a commercial level our businesses whether they are manufacturers, distributor services, they are going to benefit from lower energy costs, price of the pump whatever. Our energy exposure is very modest; it’s part of strategy purposeful selection and a particularly slice in that market and if you will a go slow approach to make sure we are fully absorbing what we were -- and understanding what as we thought a little portfolio.
Steve Steinour: So, in summary, we’re pleased with our performance for the full year 2014 and especially the fourth quarter. Results reflected the disciplined execution of our strategies and the strong competitive position of Huntington and our brand highlighted by superior customer service which is separating us from our peers. We continue to gain market share and improved share of wallet. We’ve produced 4% annual revenue growth and positive operating leverage in a challenging. We also took demonstrable steps to improve efficiency and optimize the franchise. And finally, our board and this management team, we are all long-term shareholders; we remain focused on actively managing risk, reducing volatility while investing for top line growth achieving positive operating leverage. We’re here to drive long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington and have a great day.
