Donald R. Kimble: Yes. Erika, this is Don, and I don't know that we provided explicit guidance yet for '13, but we're very focused on improving the operating earnings of the company that in the near term, we will have some challenges because of the impact of some of our initiatives, namely the in-store branches, and so the addition of $25 million of expenses there we believe will be offset by other expense initiatives to help minimize that. We don't expect to have a significant positive operating leverage, but we are very focused on trying to drive that. As far as the credit outlook, we expect to continue to see improvement in the overall credit metrics and the provision will reflect the immediate reserves and the establishment of the provision for that.
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, this is Don. And as far as the capital deployment, you're right that our approval for our capital plan included the ability to buy back over $180 million worth of common stock, that our strategy, as far as executing against that, has really had a couple of components, one is more of a recurring-based approach and another is to be more price-sensitive. And so this past quarter, we didn't see the same number of opportunities that we would have had in the second quarter to execute against that more price-sensitive type of strategy and we'll continue to reassess that as we work through the year.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, we do see loan growth slowing some, but it might just change the mix of business a little bit. I don't know that, that would have a direct impact on our share buyback approach or timing.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as dividend increases that -- we really are constrained based on the capital plan that we submitted last year, then we'll be reassessing that for the current plan that we'll be submitting in January to see if there's other opportunities in connection with return of capital. But now, we don't have any flexibility through the first quarter of next year as far as assessing that.
Donald R. Kimble: We're still working through that strategy now. We have a lot of thoughts and opinions on that and we'll be working that into our recommended plan and reviewing that with the regulators. So I wouldn't want to comment or provide any expectation at this point in time as far as any changes.
Donald R. Kimble: Scott, as far as that question, we understand the value of having more frequent securitizations. The challenge we have is that there are costs associated with each transaction and we want to make sure that we're economic and efficient as far as execution on those. And so we do believe that we'll probably continue at, say, 2 a year, and the size of those securitizations might be changed slightly. We announced earlier this month that we closed a transaction of $1 billion, which was down from the previous securitization transaction, and also reflects the impact of the partial loan sale we had during the third quarter. So I think you might see a little bit more flexibility as far as the size of future transactions as opposed to the frequency.
Donald R. Kimble: There really wasn't much else as far as seasonality and floor plan loans generally were fairly stable. So we didn't see much increase. What we really did see though was, in the month of September, commercial loan balances were fairly stable and we would tend to see a little bit of a step-up at the end of each quarter. And so that's why we showed a little bit slower growth in general than what we had in previous quarters.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. As far as the loan yields, the C&I loan yields for the current quarter, really remained in line with what we've seen in previous quarters, that there is tough competition out there, but I think we've been doing a good job of remaining fairly disciplined as far as that price, that the yields will change over time as it reflects the improving underlying credit quality of the originations compared to the existing portfolio. Commercial Real Estate really did not have a lot of originations in the current quarter, and so I wouldn't want to comment on any changes there as far as pricing because there really wasn't sufficient volume to make that differentiation. On the Indirect Auto side, we continue to target our 2% type of credit-adjusted spread. We're maintaining that. We did see volumes come down just ever so slightly from second quarter to third quarter and that probably reflected a little bit more aggressive pricing from some of the competitors, but we want to make sure that we maintain that discipline there and you may see ongoing changes as far as volumes, based on that. And then on the consumer portfolios, we did see some price increases that we initiated on some of the consumer loan portfolios in anticipation of the new capital standards. And so we started to price some of those portfolios a little bit higher to reflect that. On the securities portfolio, in aggregate, if you add both the Held-to-Maturity and available for sale, the balance really stayed relatively stable from quarter-to-quarter. The challenge we're seeing now, though, that you probably heard from others, is with the effect of QE3, the primary asset class we put in that investment portfolios, are agency CMOs, and so that yield has come down. And so what we're seeing for the reinvestment of cash flows that are sourced from that, which tend to run about $140 million a month, are probably about 30 basis points lower today than where they were last quarter, and so we're seeing yields there in the $150 million to $170 million range as far as new purchases.
Donald R. Kimble: Great. As far as the mortgage volume, we would agree that we think the fourth quarter is still going to be strong as far as origination volume for us in mortgage lending, that application flows are still very strong for us. So our outlook comment is more referencing over the longer-term horizon that we do think that will come down from the current levels. We expect to continue to see strong spreads from those secondary marketing gains on sale of those loans as well. As far as the MSR assets, we really have 2 components of our MSR, and the hedging strategy is different for each. For our fair value portion of our hedge, which is -- now represents about 1/3 of the total MSR asset, we try to hedge that so we can protect volatility against the overall impact from changes in interest rates. For the low-comp portion of the portfolio, we don't do a 100% hedge and what we do there is try to evaluate what the impact is to the total mortgage banking income line item as opposed to just the MSR asset. And so we're looking at that as far as the rate impact on current origination volumes and pricing to see if that's an organic hedge against a portion of it, so you might see continued volatility in that plus or minus $4 million range on a quarter-to-quarter basis based on that overall position.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, we tend not to give a specific guidance on the next quarter, but I would say the majority of the observations or expectations are for the medium-term horizon, the next couple -- the 3 quarters or so. And so our guidance on loan growth, on margin, on fee income, tend to be more of that over the medium term as opposed to the immediate quarter.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as additional efficiencies, we continue to look at a number of areas, including both frontline and back-office type efficiencies. And so we put in a number of changes that will help drive better efficiency in some of our branches and how we are providing service and how we process transactions from that perspective. We've done a number of things on the back-office side to consolidate and streamline and provide more efficiencies throughout the servicing side of it. This last year, we've really adopted more of a continuous improvement type of value throughout the entire company, and encouraging our colleagues to identify other opportunities for us to provide more efficient and effective service to both our internal customers, as well as our external customers. And so each one of those, while they may not be large initiatives and you probably won't see an announcement of a significant adjustment of staffing levels or one-time charges, but we do believe that each of them will be incremental and additive to help result in additional efficiencies that can help fund some of the investments we're making in in-store and other initiatives.
Donald R. Kimble: We did see some increases there, especially on the commercial side, that as part of our treasury management services, for our commercial customers, we've been able to identify some customers that we've been able to attract their money market deposits. We've also had some concerted efforts as far as retention on the consumer side related to the money market balances as well, and that provided a change in the trend compared to previous quarters.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we're continuing to work expenses throughout the company and we will do so next year, and so we're offsetting some of the investments with reductions in a variety of other areas and that will continue. We're going to be paced about further expansions at this point, and I think we've got enough momentum and opportunities to absorb what we've already committed and still drive the company in the fashion we want to, Erika.
Stephen D. Steinour: No, the answer to your question, definitely. We're -- we've established some criteria. We're going to be disciplined about the use of capital. If we find the right situation, we have the capacity to do things and -- but as you've seen throughout the year, we're going to retain the discipline. Despite -- the loan growth is only part of the story, Scott. We're getting extraordinarily strong, deposit household, consumer deposit household growth. And while the attractiveness of DDA in this interest rate environment is muted, it is contributing to our ability to actually manage a NIM expansion year-over-year in a meaningful way. So we like what's going on with our acquisition on the deposit side, and our cross-sell to those households, and we'll be working that very, very diligently, and then acquisition has the potential to create a bit of a distraction. So to that, like the fundamentals of the business in a number of respects, but we clearly will need to be driving at even a higher level, going forward, given this new interest rate environment.
Stephen D. Steinour: Craig, the pipeline going into the third quarter was strong and currently is strong. What we saw, more deferred decision-making throughout the quarter, and that may be the environment until we get beyond this fiscal cliff uncertainty, which is why we're trying to just adjust expectation. I don't think the fundamentals have changed and our activities haven't changed. So I think we're in a moment of pause, but we're trying to be conservative and/or realistic depending on what happens with the upcoming election and the cliff.
Stephen D. Steinour: We do have that outlook. Obviously, there's a lot at play over the next 4 months here. And the fundamentals, however, remain encouraging, but a lot of our business, and it may be unique to us, compared to some of the other banks you're looking at, is with privately-held businesses. And put yourself in their shoes, you've got tremendous levels of uncertainty and I think that's causing a pullback, a deferral.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, Michigan has been a terrific market for us to operate in and we've been in it for decades now. We have significantly expanded the team in -- the teams, I should say, in Michigan. The Meijer announcement earlier this year reflects confidence, based on performance over the last few years, of our ability to grow in Michigan. And we certainly expect to continue to grow. Our deposit share went up a notch this year, I think, 8 to 7, and so we're going to continue to invest in Michigan and expect it to grow, and I haven't given thought to competitive dynamic change. There's a -- we like where we're positioned. We believe we can compete, win and grow, and we expect to continue to do that.
