Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So the guidance that we’re giving as we move to an unchanged rate curve is very consistent with the guidance that we’ve given historically over the past few years, as we’ve used the unchanged rate curve to build our budget. So, basically, you capture the two basis points of – I would say over normal interest recoveries in the fourth quarter. So, you have to adjust for that as a starting point. And then we’ll actually lose three basis points in full-year 2019 related to a purchase accounting accretion, it’s about four basis points additive to the 2019 margin versus seven basis points to the 2018 margin. So from there, I think it’s just a matter of taking a look at the core NIM and believing that that’s going to increase modestly, we’ve talked about a basis point or two, I would say for the full year, we’re likely looking for a three or four basis point increase and that is driven both by the fact that we took the two rate that increases out of the forecast and also the shape of the curve. It’s much flatter than – when we’ve done this historically and that also impacted the guidance for the NIM in 2019. So, those are the components that bringing all together. So again, kind of a flat reported NIM and modestly improving core NIM.
Mac McCullough: We have really good momentum in capital markets as I mentioned in the script and we also see continued good improvements in deposit service charges that we continue to build households very impressively. We also see good performance in the card and payments line, and also in trust and investment management fees. So, we see good performance across those four categories, partially offset by what we see in mortgage banking in this quarter, but certainly, we have really good momentum in those other lines.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So can I – I do think a portion of it is going to be based on what we’re assuming around will be the shape of the curve in 2019. There is incremental impact from that based on what we’ve modeled for the budget in the forecast in 2019. We could also have some deposit cost maybe front-loaded into the first and second quarters. As we continue to see good momentum and good flow of deposits across both commercial and consumer, we just want to make sure that we keep that momentum going. We’ve done a good job in reducing our short-term borrowings and we want to continue to stay in that position. So I think at this point, just thinking about the full year and thinking about the core NIM increasing three to four basis points is the way to think about it, there could be some conservatism built in this, but it all comes down to what we’re assuming around the rate environment and also how we’re thinking about liability cost and what we want to do to stay core funded.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So we certainly have impact when you think about the 70 branch consolidations and you think about the sale of the Wisconsin branches. There’s no doubt that there’s revenue impact from that and most of that is going to come in the form of net interest income. So we have factored those impacts into 2019. And you’re right, we look at it on an FTE basis, but there really are no other adjustments in 2019 to speak up.
Mac McCullough: Yes, it would definitely be a gradual reduction over the course of the year and that would be primarily the report as the core NIM even adjusting for the two basis points in the fourth quarter, I would say over normal interest recoveries. You could see a step-up in the first quarter in the core NIM. So, it really is the impact of purchase accounting and the impact of the interest recoveries that would be impacting the reported NIM. So, we’re not talking about huge changes here and either, we’re talking about basis points, but that should help to explain some of that drop fourth quarter to first quarter.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So what we’re looking at right now would be out of the money interest rate floors. You might see us also add some additional investment securities to reduce some of that asset sensitivity. Overall, we think that there is a slight cost to the out of money interest rate floors, but not significant in the scheme of things based upon the way we’re thinking about it right now. But we’re continuing to evaluate that position based on how 2019 unfolds. You could see us further reduce that asset sensitivity position, but we’re comfortable with how we’re positioned right now and the actions that we’re taking.
Mac McCullough: Yes, John, its Mac. So we feel comfortable with the range that we’ve put out. When we put a range out like this, we typically earn that at the low-end or at the high-end and we have – we probably do have some conservatism built into 2019 from a revenue perspective as we think about this. But feel very comfortable with the 4% to 7% range we put out there for revenue. We did bring it down, it was 5% to 8% that we disclosed in November at an industry conference. So that certainly would reflect the impact that we see from the rate increases coming out of the forecast. But I would tell you that from a fundamental balance sheet growth fee income perspective, we really haven’t made any changes to what we see based upon what Steve talked about the strength of the Midwest economy and what we’re hearing from our customers. We also did take the expense guidance down by a 1% on either end just recognizing the fact that in this environment we’ve got to manage the expense to fit the revenue outlook and continue to drive the positive operating leverage. So we feel very comfortable with the ranges that we put out and, again, the revenue impact is entirely due to the change in the rate outlook.
Mac McCullough: So, Peter, it’s really going to depend on where we end up with the secondary marketing, that’s been the pressure point for the entire year. We’ve actually performed well from a volume perspective as we’ve added mortgage originators in the Chicago market at – performing at a very high level. And we’ve also, I would say upgraded talent across the franchise from a mortgage perspective. So feel very comfortable with the health of the business we completed a in-depth analysis for the business in 2018 and feel very comfortable with our position and how we’re managing that business. But it just depends on where we go from secondary marketing from here.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Peter, so we are going to start to reinvest cash flow in 2019 back into the portfolio as well as maybe get a little bit more aggressive in building the portfolio if we decide that’s the best action to manage our asset sensitivity. So we did let the portfolio run down in 2018, we did replace those assets with resi mortgage that we kept on the balance sheet to a certain extent. But you’ll start to see us grow that portfolio in 2019 and the degree to which we use that as a hedge against asset sensitivity is still under consideration, but you could see that.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Marty. I think we lay that up pretty well on Slide 34 in the deck, where you can see that, for 2019, we’re anticipating that the overall impact of purchase accounting is actually a loss or minus $8 million for full year 2019. So we are seeing the first accounting accretion come down, we’re seeing what we need to add to the allowance for the FirstMerit portfolio to come down since we’re cycling through that. We still have a bit to go. But as you can see on Slide 34, we still anticipate some provision expense related to FirstMerit in 2019. So I think this slide does layout how all these things play together and the impact on the bottom line, but clearly PAA is becoming less material and we’ll have less of an impact on the margin in 2019, but certainly still does have that impact.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Lana, we do take a look at tangible common equity quite carefully and we do monitor that ratio relative to CET1. CET1 is our primary constraint as we think about the CCAR process and what we’ve set goals around. And we do have a bit of a larger gap between TCE and CET1 because of the size of our investment security portfolio and the makeup of that investment security portfolio. So at this level, we’re comfortable with TCE, but CET1 is the measure that we basically measure and go against.
Mac McCullough: So Kevin, its Mac. So it will be, it’s usually a little bit slower in the first quarter, but we do expect capital markets revenue to increase as the year progresses. We’ve made some, I think some smart investments into that business and really executing at a very high level when it comes to the people we have on that team and how they interact and support of lending groups.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Kevin, I think that’s the right way to take a look at it, we’ll definitely see reduced run rates related to the facilities actions that we’ve taken in the fourth quarter branches and kind of corporate facilities. And Steve mentioned some of the investments that we’re doing as we think about the expenses that we took out related to Wisconsin or the 70 branch consolidation. So we’re comfortable with how we’re investing in 2019 and it would be in a typical lines you would expect to see it, personnel and certainly anything that relates to technology development. So those are the areas that I would look for growth, but beyond that, I would say nothing out of the ordinary.
Mac McCullough: So, Matt, we’re always looking at opportunities and I will tell you that what we’re focused on is probably less around core banking franchises, as we’ve talked about historically and maybe more focused on things like HSE or Macquarie Equipment Finance. So, I think that we haven’t stopped in terms of what we’re looking at from an M&A perspective, but we’re very comfortable with the businesses that we have and it’s not that we’re out looking for something in particular, but anything we can find like an HSE or Macquarie that helps to strengthen our position in businesses that we’re already in, bring us additional capabilities and talent. Those are very attractive opportunities that we think we’ve acquired at a very attractive price. So like I said, we’re always looking, but in this market, I wouldn’t expect that we’re going to be doing a lot if anything.
Mac McCullough: So we’re comfortable with how we’re positioned right now. I think the FirstMerit transaction was extremely beneficial to us from a scale perspective. Steve pointed out, the improvement in the efficiency ratio earlier in this call. We’ve been pretty direct in the saying that at this point in the cycle and based upon valuations and expectations, it’s very unlikely that we’re going to be doing a core deposit franchise at this point in the cycle. So very, very unlikely math and like I said, we’re focused on some of the specialty things that are few and far between, but good opportunities when we can find them.
Steve Steinour: Sure. So just in terms of the charge-offs. I think it’s important to obviously point out that we’re operating at a very low level. So in the entire C&I book in the last year, I think we took $15 million of total charge-offs that’s commercial and commercial real estate. So just to kind of level set there, last quarter, we actually had net recoveries in the entire commercial book. So in terms of concentrations, there certainly aren’t any because the numbers are so low. We had no charge-off in the last quarter larger than $4 million. We had one for $3 million, one for $2 million. They are all in different industries. There were no leverage lending, no leveraged loans in that population. So – and if you look year-over-year in terms of our charge-offs that’s there they are very consistent, 24 basis points to 27 and that’s largely due to the fact that fourth quarter the consumer loans are generally, you’ll see delinquencies and charge-offs bump up. So we – so from that standpoint, I think that’s the story on the charge-offs. And then on the delinquencies, commercial delinquencies are you can have a single deal that moves the numbers may hit over or over 30 days and that’s what we’ve got going on here. That’s not the indicator of any trend there, so no concerns at all.
Steve Steinour: Lana, this is Steve. We monitor through a number of different data points impacts of non-bank competition is remains very, very muted and essentially no change quarter-to-quarter from what we can see. And then separately, we have some banks, larger banks expanding into the footprint. But we have a lot of large banks already here. So the old bank, one presence here in Columbus, JPM Chase is very, very large in Columbus in terms of employees. We see BBVA in Michigan. So there is a presence from the large banks already and we’ve – through our strategies and focus, we have managed to compete okay or adequately and somewhat successfully over time. We’d expect to continue to do that. But recognize that there are some targeted investments in the Midwest. Actually, we view that as a positive in some sense. The Midwest was clearly a disinvestment region for years and years and it’s an affirmation of what’s going on in the economy here to show – to see that recent focus.
Steve Steinour: Jon, we’ve done more outreach in the last 60 days or so than at any time since I’ve been here. The customer has to get a sense of what their plans are and the impacts of the market volatility and at least at this point, it is very, very benign. There are some companies impacted both ways on the tariffs as we’d expect, but the market volatility has not impacted at this point in any material way outlook. So there is a continued expectation of growth, maybe these companies have backlogs or pipelines that are committed. And I think I shared in the last call, we get contractors and others with long lead times that are well out into next year was with the group that’s – has commitments to 2020, 2021. In fact, so it’s getting extended, again, this tightness of labor is benefiting, so the competitive dynamics in some of these industries, the fact that they can just deliver is giving them a locked in opportunity of a longer duration that they’ve seen.
Steve Steinour: Sure. Jon, we have a fair amount of reinvestment coming off of the branch consolidations that are completed and were completed around the end of the year and the sale of Wisconsin. And so we’re self-funding a fair amount of investment in digital, data and other technology. In addition to building out a number of our revenue groups and so you’ll see expansions in business banking, commercial banking, some of our fee businesses on the private banking side and the capital markets in particular. We’ll pace the rate of investment and we’ve talked about this in prior quarterly calls and an analyst sessions, we’ll pace the rate of investment to match the expected revenue, it was not like we’re going to walk away from these. This is just a pacing thing. So if interest rates come our way or for other – with other reasons where we’re generating revenue add or beyond the high-end level of that range, we would look to accelerate some of the investments, but we’ll continue to manage it, we’ll pace it or moderate it as we see the economy in the outlook.
Steve Steinour: Well the pipelines as we enter the year are consistent with third, fourth quarter sort of pipeline. So we have reasonable volumes that we’re expecting over the first half of the year from the pipeline and a lot of that C&I, again, our capital markets activity is customer focused. And – so the carry – the continued strength of the pipeline gives us some confidence as we move forward in addition to the investments and additional capabilities.
Steve Steinour: We think, we can improve the core performance as you’ve seen in the long-term financial metrics that as well. And so that’s the focus drive the core.
Steve Steinour: 2018 was highlighted by the achievement for the first time of all five of our long-term financial goals implemented with the 2014 strategic plan on a GAAP basis. We’re really pleased with that. The focused execution of our strategic initiatives over the years spill the company that we believe will produce consistent high-quality earnings and attractive returns to our shareholders. 2019 commences the first year of the new three-year strategic plan. We’ve raised the bar for ourselves once again, as you’ve seen. And while the plan involves important investments in our businesses that will improve our customer experience, the core strategies remain the same. We expect to continue to gain market share and grow share wallet through our differentiated products, distinctive brand and superior customer service. So we see this as a lower risk set of initiatives over the next three years. We look forward to carrying the momentum that we’ve built into 2019 and beyond. And finally, there’s a high level of management alignment between the Board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively the seventh largest shareholder of Huntington and all of us, all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today and have a great day.
Marty Mosby: I had two questions. One is, Mac, when we look at this net interest margin, I don’t want to go back to the details of that, we’ve hammer that pretty hard. What I want to do is combine that with the other side, which is, you’ve been building your allowance coverage as this PAA is being recognized. So it’s kind of just a natural shift between kind of the PAA that’s over there and then also and it comes out it and becomes a regular loan and then you put it back into the build. So there is kind of a natural offset. You’ve had $20 million of average build in your allowance through each quarter in 2018. So just wondering, because a lot of the margin compression that’s really kind of getting communicated here is the purchase accounting accretion, so is there a natural offset, you just don’t have to build as much in your allowance that helps to compensate for some of that impact.
Marty Mosby: And just the build also kind of comes down I guess as well, the need to build for the FirstMerit is less, there’s still some because there’s still some PAA, but it’s less than what it was in 2018.
Marty Mosby: It did and it was not a 100%, but there’s a portion or amount that’s actually set aside, that would be vested at retirement.
Marty Mosby: No, that’s great as an industrially angle and not – so all that’s that about the seventh holder of shareholder I thought that was very impactful and interesting. So thanks.
