Donald R. Kimble: You're absolutely right, Erika, and it would reflect impact of the Fidelity acquisition and other initiatives that we have. That's correct.
Donald R. Kimble: We would consider those very low levels. I think for the past quarter, they're up a little bit because of the mix of used versus new. And as I mentioned, we were actually seeing a slight increase in the credit adjusted spreads during the past quarter, and that's reflective of a little bit higher loss expectation. But we haven't changed our underwriting standards. Again, very pleased with the overall credit outlook. And so, that's more of an indication of why we're seeing higher loss rate. You'll see a slight tick down in average FICO scores there, too, but not meaningful.
Donald R. Kimble: That's a good question. I wish we had a crystal ball to more accurately predict that, but that our third quarter securitization last year was at a 1.5% gain. Now, we're at $50 million a gain on a $1 billion securitization. This quarter was helped because it was a publicly registered transaction as opposed to a private transaction in the third quarter of last year. So we hope that with our continued familiarity in the market as far as our asset quality and the performance for underlying indirect auto loans in those securitizations, we'll be able to maintain appropriate spreads and pricing, but I don't want to put guarantees out there as far as any market condition changes. But that's a reasonable expectation based on what we're seeing right now.
Donald R. Kimble: Craig, this is Don. As far as the securities portfolio, some of that was really related to the timing of the securitization transaction, the build up there, that we would expect our period end balances that we're showing in securities portfolio that migrate more back toward the average position as far as the balances. The duration of our portfolio actually dropped a little bit from the fourth quarter, at end of 3.2 years to the first quarter of 3.1 years. And so, we've been continuing to purchase more of our agency-backed CMOs and other similar structures to what we've had in the past, and so we really haven't changed the mix significantly from the previous quarters.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as rep and warranties, I don't know that I see used similar to what you would have seen in mortgage that as far as our sales for the securitizations, we really don't have the same type of exposure from a put-back risk perspective there. As far as the expected losses that will model out and also the rating agencies model out in connection with the securitization transactions, don't assume that we'll continue to have the benefit of the stronger used car prices. And so the cume losses that you'll see in the back slides do not reflect the current robust used car prices, and show more of a normalized level. So our expectation is that should not have a significant change to our outlook from that perspective.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as that the risk that we've been in the business for 50 years and we've got very good relationships with our dealers and really take the dealerships that we can have an ongoing trust-based relationship with them. And so, that's really where that confidence starts with, is our client selection and our partnership with those dealerships. Beyond that, we've developed internal score cards that are using historic information that we've been able to accumulate that are helpful for more predictive models. Dan, any other...
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, good question. And as far as the operating leverage, we came into this year with all the headwinds we are facing between Durbin and the low interest-rate environment, that if we could have revenues slightly exceed our expense growth given the initiatives that we have in place, that we would have been very pleased. I think the 2% year-over-year -- first quarter-over-first quarter kind of positive operating leverage, is a very good operating leverage for us, and what we hope to see it continuing and showing growth that exceeds the -- a growth in revenues exceed the growth in expenses, and I wouldn't expect it to widen dramatically from there at this point in time.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, that we will continue to see benefits from the reinvestments. The challenge, I think, that we'll see as far as continued revenue growth at this pace, is that the first quarter did include the securitization transactions, which we'll have twice a year, and it did include much stronger mortgage revenues, including the MSR gain. And I wouldn't want to assume that we're going to have an $8 million link quarter MSR gain every quarter after quarter. And so, those are some of the things that are more cautionary as far as the expansion of that operating leverage.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, the FDIC -- the level of FDIC activity, frankly, has been a lot lower than we would have estimated. And it makes, via through the cycle, substantially lower numbers than many would have thought. So I don't think they're at the absolute end of the line in terms of resolutions, but it's not clear that there's any significant additional level of activity in our footprint, and we're only interested in our footprint. There is some level of conversation occurring in a more traditional sense. And it's a little more active at the moment than it might have been the last couple of years, but there is still a wide gulf in terms of value. And I don't think activity necessarily picks up in 2012.
Donald R. Kimble: No, I wouldn't say that there's any cliff quarters. But there are quarters where there's a little higher propensity as far as repayments and renewals, but I wouldn't consider anything cliff or out of the ordinary.
Donald R. Kimble: That's part of our challenge is managing that asset liability position, and we try to match that up the best we can. Right now, we're slightly asset-sensitive. So if you could do something for us to help get those short-term rates up, that we will be helpful for us. But I think we're pretty well setup.
Donald R. Kimble: I don't know that we can provide a whole lot more commentary there, that we did have developments during the quarter on some previously existing cases and that resulted in us taking a fresh look at the reserves that we had established and resulted in a $23.5 million increase. We do review those reserves at least quarterly. As I said, that there were a few developments this quarter that resulted in us wanting to increase this. And again, as far as the issues in sales, they are several years old, and they're not new cases and not new developments that hadn't previously been assessed.
Donald R. Kimble: Great question. That I think as far as the outlook that we would agree with our announced capital plans, absent any unusual or extraordinary type of events, that we would see our capital ratios flat to up. And as far as managing that down, we'll continue to review that, at least annually, with the regulators as far as our capital plan. We did, between the Fidelity Bank acquisition and the municipal loan purchase, acquire over $1 billion of assets this past quarter. And so, to the extent that there are opportunities for us to continue to evaluate other potential purchases, now that could be one tool that could be useful to help manage that position.
Stephen D. Steinour: I don't know that I would consider it any more competitive than -- we're only in the Midwest, so I think we generally feel like the competitive environment is fairly consistent across that footprint, and I think now, folks are realizing that with the recovery, it's a good place to be. So I would expect that will continue, but I wouldn't say that we feel it's really that much more competitive than what we've been seeing. We feel that we've been seeing that for the last couple of years.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, this is intended to be a customer-focused offering. And we would expect it to at least get to industry norms with that product.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes, so I guess taking the -- your comment on commercial first. On Page 88, if you look at what the charge-off trends have been over the last year, commercial as a category, actually has been on a -- kind of a nice, steady downward projection. C&I, just last quarter, was up but it was at abnormally low levels the past quarter. So we are going to see some variability from quarter-to-quarter just based on the specific mix of credit. So I don't see any trends there, I think the overall trend will continue to be positive. On residential, that's obviously a continued area of stress, but yes, it goes along with unemployment and home prices. And so we hope to see some stabilization there with the improvement, but that's been one of the stubborn areas that we're working on.
Stephen D. Steinour: We are more bullish on the Midwest, and for a number of reasons. It's -- this energy play between the Marcellus and Utica is going to provide local manufacturers with very, very long-term stable supplies of probably low-cost energy, certainly on a relative basis. And so, we're of a belief that, that's going to continue to expand the manufacturing sector in the footprint. There's a tremendous amount -- additionally, there's just a tremendous amount of investment that's going on in a variety of related areas, education and medical. And it seems to us that there's much more coordinated economic development activity also occurring now of a strategic nature in Michigan, in Ohio and possibly some of the other states we're in, which should be very good for us long-term, as well. So we're bullish on the economic expansion continuing and not just being in a defined early phase.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the board has -- had a lot of time to have robust discussions. There are a number of elements, including market conditions and outlook, but nothing that we're prepared to be more specific with at this time, though.
