Howell D. McCullough: Yeah. Hi, Erika, it's Mac. So, as you think about the expense base in the second quarter, keep in mind, we're very focused on the FirstMerit integration. We've had a lot of focus, a lot of attention going into that. We're being very disciplined in how we approach the expenditures right now. And I think, that's a good base if you think about core Huntington. As it relates to 2017 and beyond, the focus we have on positive operating leverage, we are going to each planning year, understanding the revenue environment. And in particular, we've been planning, assuming a rate environment that's flat. And we've been building our expense base that allows us to achieve positive operating leverage. So, we're going to continue to take that approach going forward. Also, keep in mind, we've got the cost takeouts from FirstMerit that will start to materialize in 2016 and 2017. And we're highly confident in terms of the cost takeout achievement that we put on the table.
Howell D. McCullough: Yes. It's a good question, Erika. And, clearly, we don't have complete insights into what happens inside the black box. And we do think that the process is very different for a company that's going through an acquisition, if that's included in the CCAR results. But let me just point out a few things that could help reconcile the numbers from a capital perspective. So, we knew going into this year's CCAR process that we were below our peer group in terms of CET1, probably to the tune of 120 basis points on average. And that really comes back to the fact that we were pretty aggressive in 2014 and 2015 in returning earnings to shareholders, probably 76% on average across the two years. Also, keep in mind that we did the Macquarie acquisition without issuing any capital. So, that put us in a lower starting point relative to the peers. We also disclosed on announcement of FirstMerit that we had 100 basis point impact to CET1 because of the structure of the transaction, so that impacted as well. And then, finally, we know that as we went through a business combination in a severely adverse scenario inside the CCAR process, that it probably cost us 50 basis points to 70 basis points of CET1. So, when you reconcile all those things and consider everything but the starting position, it really is related to going through the business combination in the CCAR process.
Howell D. McCullough: Yeah. Bob, there were a few things that impacted that. I think you did see merit increases come into effect in the quarter. We also had some higher comp related to mortgage, as you point out. And then we have higher healthcare costs, which I pointed out in my comments, just some higher medical expense relative to prior years. But those are the primary things that impact that. And I would say, outside of the medical costs, nothing extraordinary.
Howell D. McCullough: In the scheme of things, I think the medical might have been a couple million dollars. And the mortgage comp side, I don't really have it at my fingertips right now.
Howell D. McCullough: Yeah. Pipelines are strong. We're seeing good purchase volume. And, of course, refi is picking up as well. So, really, really good quarter, as you point out. And, in particular, when you think about year-over-year, the $8 million MSR net impact, $6 million gain last year, $2 million loss this year. So, the outlook is good, just given where the pipeline is today.
Howell D. McCullough: Yes. Geoff, it's Mac. So, starting with the first question. Clearly, as we went through CCAR this year, the most important outcome for us was getting the FirstMerit deal through the process and getting approval for the deal itself. Of course, we're still waiting for approval, we expect that to happen in the third quarter. But we just thought it best to be a bit cautious and making sure that we got through the process, because we can create so much more value by getting FirstMerit closed early and on time relative to the buyback that we had in for 2016 CCAR process. What I would tell you going forward is that we'll take each year as it comes. Next year is a different process. We expect to be in a different position. Not quite sure what the economic scenarios that the Fed will give to us will look like. So, don't want to comment on what the future looks like. But that's basically our thought process around this year's process.
Howell D. McCullough: Yeah. Thanks, Marty. So, just a few things to think about. So, the asset sensitivity numbers that we published are a 200 basis point gradual increase scenario. If you think about where the rate curve is today and you think about a flat rate environment going forward, over the next 12 months we have maybe 1 basis point or two basis points of margin at risk. So, I'm not totally uncomfortable with that position, plus we've got the FirstMerit closing, integration, and I would say, optimization of the two balance sheets as they come together. So, we have that entire process to work through as well. So, that's the way I'd take a look at it. We feel good about the margin and where it's at today. We still believe that we're above 3% for the remainder of the year in core Huntington. And if you take a look at FirstMerit, excluding any impact from the first accounting adjustments, it's actually additive to the margin. So, that's our perspective, Marty.
Howell D. McCullough: Yeah. It's primarily funding the securities. And that's been a bit of the pressure that we've had on the margin over the past year. Today, we're bringing securities on at probably close to 1.9%. And the next issuance that we – if we issued debt today, we'd probably be in the 210 basis points range, something like that, swap to floating. So, you can see where some of the pressure starts to build from a margin perspective. But having said that, we're at 115% LCR right now. We feel good about where we are from a securities perspective. And really, we're just replacing and also keeping in mind the amount of debt that we need from a rating agency perspective and an FDIC perspective.
Howell D. McCullough: Ken, so we're still tracking, we said about $420 million when we announced the acquisition. And I would tell you that we've probably realized 75% of that in 2016, is the way I would think about it. It's going to start to tick up from here. We're, obviously, very deep into the integration process. But that's how I would think about it from a timing perspective.
Howell D. McCullough: Yeah. So, there was a bit of a stub period related to the first quarter payment for the period that it was moved out, about $3 million.
