Daniel Neumeyer: Dave, this is Dan Neumeyer. We really saw a growth evenly spread over many of the units. We are seeing good growth in middle market. Some expansion in large corporate although it's still appropriate for our size and strategic direction. Equipment Finance is ramping up. We have started to see increased fundings there. I can't give you an exact dollar amount. But there definitely is -- we're starting to see the needle move there, and we'll see continued growth as we add the new verticals that Steve referenced earlier. The ABL group, which started up last year, is also gaining some traction. And we remain very active in the SBA market. So really, it's very broad-based growth, encompassing all areas, all segments, as well as pretty much spread throughout the geography.
Daniel Neumeyer: That obviously is the single largest component of the ACL is the commercial real estate exposure, as Steve mentioned, as we're going to still plan to bring that down probably by another 20%. Obviously, the reserve will go down just from a size of the portfolio but also as we move out some of the problem credits, replaced with stronger credits. So we do see a continued downward trend. And obviously, we still have the general reserve which makes up about a third of the portfolio, and that's very much dependent on the economy. And we certainly aren't ready to call that all clear at this point. So it's an exercise we go through every quarter in analyzing where we want to be.
Daniel Neumeyer: When we're looking at expansions, whether it be into new business segments or geographies, part of the analysis that goes in is, can we continue to conduct these businesses with the same risk profile. We are not lowering our standards, as Steve mentioned, when we look at -- we're not going to go into other geographies unless we know that we can maintain the same cutoffs and FICO scores and et cetera. And as Equipment Finance, for an example there, that's an area where we're actually going upmarket. I think the quality of the type of customer we're adding today is much stronger. We have played more on the smaller end. And so I actually think that the growth is going to be with stronger companies and that our performance will actually improve over time because of that. So I think we're very thoughtful before we make any of these moves. All of these ideas are better -- we go through a process of analyzing risk return. And so I don't think we're taking on any outside risk or anything that we're going to have to jump into and jump out of.
Daniel Neumeyer: Tony, it's not that of that amount. It's not like these loans haven't been reviewed recently. So when we look at what's coming up from maturity this year, many of those loans have been already reviewed and have been put on short-term extensions. Obviously for our non-core borrowers, we keep them on a shorter string. And so we might do 12-month extensions just to kind of advance them forward and see what the market will bring in a year. So we are not -- these loans get revisited monthly in many cases, so nothing looming out there where we say we have a bunch of problems to deal with. But I would say the core loans tend to have longer maturities on them, the non-core, again, we're just moving those down in shorter-term extensions year-to-year to see how things are going to occur over a 12-month period. So we're not concerned about what we have maturing because we're very much aware of what's there and have plans in place to address each of them upon maturity.
Daniel Neumeyer: I mean, clearly, the competitive aspect of the market is heating up. Everybody's looking for quality credit. And so on the larger, stronger deals, we are seeing margin compression. Although, I think we're still able to get a fair margin. And no matter what loans we're looking at, we are looking to cross-sell other relationships. So we take that into account. There's more than just the interest spread on most of these. In fact, all the way up through our large corporate book, even in our shared national credit book we have 70-plus percent of our loans are cross-sold, 40% deeply cross-sold, so that's an element of it as well. But in answer to your question, there is competition heating up. But we still feel that we're able to gain good quality credits and even move some market share.
Stephen Steinour: And we have a pipeline that's reasonable going into the new year, Dave, as well. So whether that's in part a reflection of the accelerated depreciation component of the tax code that was recently passed or more confidence in economic expansions, perhaps it's some combination. But we see activity being better in '11 than it was in '10.
Stephen Steinour: Well, we're slightly over $1 billion today in terms of outstandings, and we could see that go up by $1 billion to $2 billion over the next couple of years.
Stephen Steinour: We're very early in these newer markets. And so a modest amount of that growth in the quarter was reflective of new markets. We do think they are exciting. We're optimistic about it. And we could see originations in the combined new markets moving into the billion-dollar level over time. But that's a substantial growth from where it is currently.
Stephen Steinour: Well, we're not in a position to articulate any plans at this point. Nice try, Dave. We are, as a Board, having some discussions about different options. But we do not expect to do anything immediately.
Stephen Steinour: We try to be cautious and prudent with this, and don't feel pressured to reduce it beyond the rate we're currently at.
Stephen Steinour: Well, if the trend lines continue, it would be plus or minus a year. But we can't control that, a lot of that's happening through refinance activity. And the CMBS market continues to open up and other things happen, particularly as it relates to the non-core that could create even you can see it in an accelerating environment, if things go well.
Stephen Steinour: I'll start, and then I'll ask Dan to add to it. First of all, we look at our production weekly on a number of fronts, including credit quality. So we know our FICO LTB every week, for the prior week. And these are markets that have good relative performance in other regions in the country in terms of expansion. And in auto, we've been in it for half a century and we've stayed in it. We've never been in or out. So we have a lot of confidence on the auto front. On the Equipment Finance side, in addition to Rick Remiker, we have been adding expertise both in the channel, and then we've made substantial investments in our credit and credit risk management capabilities over the last two years. And so I'll let Dan pick up from that.
Stephen Steinour: As far as the return, our credit adjusted returns have been fairly consistent over the last couple of quarters. We did see origination volume come down a little bit in the fourth quarter from the third quarter. But the volumes were still very strong, and the clients were really more based on the activity. We have not talked about what the go-to rate is for new originations, but typically they've been around 2.25% to 2.5% type of credit adjusted spread. So you will continue to see some declines in that yield prospectively just because the current origination volumes are still below the current rate of roughly 540, that's the average yield in the portfolio.
Stephen Steinour: Sure, the non-core are basically single loan relationships. They also tend to include the weaker relationships but they are basically defined as we do not have the full relationship cross-selling of services and so forth. So they are the loans that we are looking to exit unless we can have a fuller relationship with them. To be categorized as core, we also looked at the ability to -- the global debt service coverage availability, excess liquidity and so forth. So the core customers in addition to having a full relationship also tend to be the stronger credits that can sustain themselves through the cycle. And thus far, our core portfolio has held up exceedingly well.  The biggest area of risk for us has been in retail. But we've also made our way through that portfolio. And actually in the last quarter, we actually saw for the first time more edits being upgraded in their risk profile than being downgraded. So in addition to cutting the size of that portfolio, recognizing charge-offs, et cetera, we're also starting to see a bit of a turn there, largely because we've been working that portfolio diligently for about the last 18 months. Many of the other areas continue to be challenged, but we also have, in all areas, reduced the level of exposure and have recognized our biggest hits. So there's nothing out there that we are extremely concerned about, other than in the general context of it's a still difficult environment.
Stephen Steinour: Well, I'm sure everybody on the phone is closer to it than us. But since you asked for a specific comment, I am surprised. And when you take loan marks into price, I'm very surprised at this point in the cycle. That's why I keep coming back to our challenge and our priority is for P&L growth. And with that, we would expect to have opportunities that we would find interesting from a return profile, and I think that there will be some out there. But we're not feeling any pressure or any reason to be compelled to get in the M&A game at some of the levels we're seeing.
Stephen Steinour: The rationale for why we believe growing the core is so fundamental to our priority and our focus is in part reflecting this level of pricing. So I'm not going to comment on specific deals or others. But just -- since you asked, I'll share with you, I am surprised in particularly when you take the loan marks into the overall price. I'm very surprised at some of the levels going off at this point in the cycle. So we're not feeling pressured to pursue anything. If we can get something that we think is an interesting return for our shareholders and will be additive to what we're trying to do strategically, then we take a hard look at it. But it is very surprising to me how quickly it's bounced back.
Stephen Steinour: Tony, the vast majority that's already been dealt with once or more in the context of an extension. And the strategy has always been to stay short and look to provide either the benefit of a full relationship in a few cases or additional incentive to refinance.
Stephen Steinour: Yes. We've started to see in the middle of, I guess, it was in the spring, we started to see upgrades outpace downgrades. Then if you recall, we had the blip in the summer with a lot of the kind of European crisis. After that, we saw a reversal and so for a time, we actually saw downgrades. But now we're once again in a path of seeing upgrades. So I think we're gaining some momentum. And when you look at the combination of upgrades, payments, et cetera, we are starting to see a lot of improvement. I think that's reflected in some of the TARPs we covered earlier.
Stephen Steinour: It does include an estimate of the impact of the Durbin amendment. But we're still not sure exactly what the final proposal will be. The range was $0.07 to $0.12 cap, as far as per transaction, and we know that's still being reviewed. So our guidance for the full year does include an impact adopted.
Stephen Steinour: I don't know if we've given specificity as far as that. But it would definitely be closer to the $0.12 range as opposed to the $0.07 range as far as our expectations.
Stephen Steinour: Erika, we're continuing to assess. And I expect we'll be one of the later, if not very last banks to articulate our position and don't feel any compelling reason to take a different timeline. We have been able to grow revenue significantly over the course of the last year and a half or so. And we expect to be able to continue to grow revenue and deal with these headwinds. So it gives us perhaps a bit of a strength at least relative to some of the banks in terms of how we approach this very unique moment in the history of banking, at least modern history of banking.
Stephen Steinour: Fees are only a feature of the products. We have product plans in our treasury management that are rolling out as scheduled. We have other products that are coming online, and we have some deposit product changes that will be occurring later this year on a planned schedule. We're just not articulating what the elements of those will be as it relates to the consumer deposit products at this point. We're very bullish on what's going on with our treasury management products and capabilities and excited for that. And we're just not feeling we need to play the cards yet on what we're thinking about on the consumer side.
Stephen Steinour: Well, the normalized will probably start with provision and be followed by charge-off. There is, I think, or I hope anyway there'll be some further guidance out of the regulators around procyclical reserving some time this year. As we've said, we would expect to continue to deliver credit quality improvement, and we feel very adequately reserved at this point. So with continued improvement, that will create a basis for some measured reduction in the current reserves, absent other factors like extraordinary loan growth.
Stephen Steinour: I don't think we've taken that position. We have had internal discussions, and we'll continue with that. And we do, however, believe that the historical 1% is too low. And we do not anticipate getting in or around that zip code. But we haven't gone beyond that.
Donald Kimble: I think it's a good thing to begin with Stephen. And as far as what's going on within our footprint, I would say that we have seen more interest being expressed from banks as far as consideration for acquisitions. I don't know if I'd use the phrase zombie banks, but some of the banks that are interested in having discussions have either capital and/or credit quality challenges that they're trying to address and deal with in considering all strategic options. But we're also seeing some pickup and calls from healthy, well-capitalized, strong credit quality type of banks and institutions that may be starting the process as to consider what their strategic options might be. And so I wouldn't want to forecast it as anytime soon as far as initiating any transactions. But I would say that the activity level has picked up from being non-existent, say, a couple quarters ago.
Donald Kimble: I think it's important that we also are very focused on the fact that our dividend is at a low level. And over time that we will want to address that for our retail shareholders especially. But as Steve said, we've had active dialogue with our board as far as prioritization of the use of that capital and making sure that we're prudent in the deployment of that as well.
Donald Kimble: It is embedded in our margin guidance, and it's about a $6 million reduction for each of the next two quarters.
Donald Kimble: One of the areas of the most pressure on our margin has been the fact that our deposit growth have exceeded loan growth. And our outlook for next year would assume that loan growth approximates deposit growth, and so we won't have that component of the pressure prospectively. And then, we'll continue to see the improvement in the overall mix that we continue to expect to see strong demand deposit growth and shifting for more of the time deposit book into the transaction account, and as well as repricing the money market deposits as well. We had seen a lot of growth occur with the benefit of some teaser rates, and those teaser rates are starting to be migrated back to more the normal or current levels, which should provide some additional margin expansion for us as well.
Donald Kimble: We did have strong refinance and origination activity throughout the fourth quarter. We did start to see the application volumes clearly dry up later in the quarter, and so our expectation would be to see pressure there. So we were roughly at $50 million for each of the last two quarters as far as mortgage income. But we would expect it to return to more normal levels prospectively. And so, we will see some pressure early on as far as seeing that drop to probably in the $30 million plus or minus range as far as mortgage origination fee. So that's a part of the expectation.
Donald Kimble: A number of the areas we've talked about include treasury management revenues. And so some of those will come through deposit balance, but we'll also see a lot of fee income coming from treasury management. And that's been a clear initiative for us over the last year and expect to see some very strong performance for that prospectively. Investment management, brokerage type of activities, insurance are all beneficiaries of our cross-sell cross referral efforts. And so we would expect to see growth coming through, through those channels as well. And as we also commented, we do expect our net interest income to continue to grow for us and help to minimize the impact for some of these either regulatory mandated fee reductions and/or the impact of the lower mortgage origination volumes as well.
