Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. Great report. In closing, we're pleased with our performance for the second quarter and where we're positioned at the midpoint of the year. I want to thank all of our teammates for their efforts delivering the results that we've talked about.  I'd like to make several broad comments about the company. We believe the economy remains on a good path and that should help drive exposure unit growth. That's a positive for Brown & Brown. As it relates to the M&A landscape, we've started the third quarter with good momentum and have already closed five transactions with annual revenues of approximately $30 million. That is in that $83 million that we talked about.  We remain actively engaged with many companies and are optimistic that we'll be able to close more transactions over the coming months. But, as we've stated before, nothing is done until it's signed. From a capital allocations standpoint, we've deployed all the cash we generated during the first half of the year and utilized some of the cash from our balance sheet. The first six months we've deployed over $140 million for acquisitions and prepaid $100 million of debt during the quarter. We're well positioned with our capital structure and have accessed sufficient capital through our $800 million revolver in cash on our balance sheet to fund our growth.  We remain focused upon our investments in technology and evaluating the InsureTech landscape, as we believe these initiatives will help us provide the platforms and capabilities to support our growth and profitability in the future. As you know, our company is defined by our culture, our teammates, and our discipline. It is the combination of these three that delivers our consistent financial performance. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jennifer for the Q&A segment.
Powell Brown: So, Greg, number one, if you're looking at Page 10 and you're specifically thinking about the other segment down there at 50 BPS, I would tell you about 40 BPS of that are what I would call one time in nature. There are some recurring BPS in there as well, but about 40 BPS of the 50 is non-recurring, that's number one.  Number two, if would encourage you to know that if you think about the performance on a year-to-date basis. And if you remember, in the first quarter, we were talking about somebody had asked questions about organic growth in retail and how that should look long-term. If you look at our margins, actually year-to-date against last year, and you take out the 60 basis points for impact of Core Commercial, we're basically flat. I think we're within 20 basis points year-to-date. So having said that, we have talked about and we’ll continue to talk about making investments in our business. Five-for-five, we're very pleased with. And we're very pleased with the organic growth for retail in the quarter. But like I said, periodically and on quarter-over-quarter, we'll have some fluctuations in the organic growth and the earnings in each of those divisions.  We have not revised our situation or our position on our targeted range. I will tell you this and I know you know this Greg, but when we make acquisitions, acquisitions are typically at margins that are lower than our company average, and many times they're lower than the divisional average or segment average. And so, over time, we try to bring those up to the average or in excess of the average.  And so, I know that we haven't done as many acquisitions in the last couple of years, but I'm just saying that relative to the business that we've acquired and so all of that kind of rolls up into the impact on our numbers.
Powell Brown: That will actually be a tailwind in 2019. So let me just go back just to make sure we clarify this a little bit. So we started this in July of last year. So this is why we've had a benefit to the organic growth for the past four quarters, but it's also been a drag on the margins. As we make the lap here, July 1st is the organic will moderate down a little bit. We're going to have some additional expense in the third quarter, building up a platform. Then as we head to the fourth quarter, the margins start to increase a little bit and that will just continue every year thereafter. It's going to move around a little bit by quarter based upon some of the seasonality of the business underlined. So, you want to look at it on a full-year basis. But as we said before, by the time we get out to the end of ‘21, we should be at commensurate margins with National Programs. And again, it's performing right in line with expectations.
Powell Brown: The answer to your question, Greg, is yes. In Q3 and Q4, you should be thinking about that. And remember, back on the Core Commercial program, that's not included -- I mean, it's inorganic growth going forward, but not the organic growth because we got that given to us. So, that represents about 100 basis points of organic growth. So, you need to be thinking about that in national programs and, or in other segments of the business that could have and specifically those that are adjusting claims if we don't have weather-related events in Q3 and Q4.
Powell Brown: We don't break out lines of business organic growth, as you know. But, we're very pleased with the performance of the retail segment across the country. And, so like I said, we don't break that out.
Powell Brown: No. They both were positive. But, we didn't clarify. We just highlighted because they both were positive toward the organic growth.
Powell Brown: Yes, it just depends on the individual acquisition, Meyer, and what we have the way of integration costs, we have historically not broken any of those out. Just we leave them in our number coming through. So it just depends on the individual.
Powell Brown: Okay, so, I think it's different by business, and it's all about leadership and discipline over a long period of time. So think about what we've talked about in the past. Many of these are S-corporations, where there are a number of expenses in there that are being taken out and normalized shareholder or leader compensation.  And so in doing so, as we said, many of those, the target is 25% operating margin. And over time, during an earn-out, they actually have an incentive to grow not only top-line but to grow the bottom-line. But going forward as well in the way our incentive -- our compensation plans work, there's a profit pool driven off the profit in that individual office. So, growing that can grow your compensation. So, it depends. There is no stated, this is how long it takes, Meyer. I know you want to be able to say okay three years, and there can be lots of different things that impact that. It could be geography, it could be classes of business that they write. It could be the economy. If you write a lot of construction and the economy turns down. If you are in the property space and rates have come down substantially over the last 3 years. There are a number of factors that go in there, but I would say multiple years and it's more than three. But, you can't say, here's the number.
Powell Brown: Let me say this way. As you know, insurance carriers -- many of them are not models of efficiency. So, they're trying to look at expenses wherever they can. However, there is so much capital out there and so many carriers want the premium that that buffers that. And so I would tell you that, we have very little conversation with our trading partners about reductions in commissions. I think ultimately they're thinking about, excuse me, and particularly, the big standard carriers in the United States are thinking about how they can do more with fewer. And that means fewer and deeper relationships with their trading partners. So, as we continue to get bigger, and we are quite large in many of those instances, that bodes well for us. So, that's how we look at it. No, we haven't seen that.
Powell Brown: Alright. I'd like to say thanks again, everybody. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day. Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Okay, Greg, I wanted to add on the retail incentive program. Just as a reminder, how that program was designed and how it’s performing, the largest impact on our margin would be last year, then we are going to get a little bit of benefit in 2018 and then we get back to about breakeven by the end of ‘19. So, it's difficult to see it on any one individual quarter. It would be easier to probably measure it on a full year basis as we look through. But as what we can see underlying, last year performed right in line with our expectations, and at the half year mark it's doing the same. So, we feel really good with the program.
Andrew Watts: So Greg, it would be, when you look at programs -- if you go back to the earnings call for the third and fourth quarter of last year, and even look at Q1 of this year, we called out the incremental revenues on there. You try just, you probably will anyway, but just take those into consideration when doing your projections to get to an underlying.
Andrew Watts: Yeah, good morning. It was a combination of one time -- both in salary related as well as down in other.
Andrew Watts: Sure. I guess, so I think on the non-cash stock compensation, it was with the 20 basis point impact this quarter. That's probably a good proxy for right now. And then it may move around a little bit based upon ultimate performance.
Andrew Watts: Elyse, there will be minimal impact in the third quarter, so it’s -- that's third quarter year-over-year. And then there will be a little bit of a benefit in the fourth quarter year-over-year. So, full year will be about flat. So just going back, first quarter, we were 20 basis points of impact, 10 basis points this quarter. That will start to reverse back out in the third and fourth. 
Andrew Watts: Just make sure you keep in mind the impact of contingent commissions on a full year and the impact on margins. I know you probably look at the guide in there, I just want to remind you of it.
Andrew Watts: Yes, if you remember, we called it out last year. So, this is kind of a flip back to the other side. That it’s not that it's a lot, but it’s just we had one that was a debit last year, we had a credit this year. So you’ve kind of got the inverse. Generally, not a lot.
