Powell Brown: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our Q1 2023 earnings call. Before we get into any detail, Q1 was an outstanding quarter and we're very pleased with our results. I'll provide some high-level comments around our performance for the quarter, along with some updates on the insurance market and M&A landscape; then Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. And lastly, I'll wrap up with some closing thoughts before we open it up to Q&A. I'm now on slide number four. We delivered over $1.1 billion of revenue, growing 23% in total and 12.6% organically. To put this in perspective, 11 years ago our total annual revenues were $1.1 billion. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin remained strong for the quarter at 35.7%. We delivered earnings per share of $0.83, growing 7.8% over the first quarter of 2022. On the M&A front, we completed seven acquisitions with estimated annual revenues of $11 million. We're very pleased to have delivered another outstanding quarter of good profitable growth. I'm on slide five. From an economic standpoint, most businesses continue to grow and companies are still looking to hire employees. Overall, business leaders are generally cautious about the future while managing the impacts of inflation and higher interest rates. We would say there's not been a material change for what we heard from our customers in the fourth quarter of 2022. The insurance marketplace is very challenging for customers in the first quarter. Across most lines of coverage, rate increases were similar to prior quarters with admitted markets up 5% to 7% and excess and surplus markets up 10% to 20%. However, there are exceptions. Workers' compensation rates continue to decline. E&S professional liability rates, primarily public company D&O continued to moderate with rates down 10% or more and in some cases they're up slightly. The areas that remain the most challenging are E&S property and excess liability due to losses and increased insured values. Carriers continue to elevate their coastal -- evaluate their coastal property portfolios. These actions result in more participants generally on a property placement. We continue to see underwriters increase insured values per square foot, thus customers are seeing premiums rise based on rates and higher values. As a result, buyers are feeling exhausted with the premium increases and more customers are purchasing loss limits, increased deductibles and decreasing overall limits. Pertaining to the Florida insurance market everyone's watching to see the impact of the legal reforms late last year. Long-term we believe the changes will be positive. However, we think it will take some time to see improvement related to the legal changes. In the interim, more policies will continue to move into Citizens. Please remember, Citizens was created to be the market of last resort for residential homes, condominiums and apartments. Right now it's one of the most competitive and at times one of the only solutions for insureds. As it relates to the overall M&A market the level of deals primarily from financial backers has slowed. That does not mean high-quality businesses don't trade at similar multiples to what we've seen over the past year. But from our perspective, we remain active and GRP had another solid quarter of M&A transactions. We're very pleased with their success and the quality of the businesses they're adding to the Brown & Brown team. Our disciplined approach remains centered on identifying high-quality companies that fit culturally and make sense financially. I'm now on slide number 6. Our Retail segment delivered impressive organic growth of 8.8%. The growth across all lines of business, were driven by strong new business, good retention and continued rate increases. In addition our employee benefits businesses performed really well in Q1. Our Program Segment delivered another outstanding quarter of double-digit organic growth of nearly 34% fueled by new business rate increases, good retention and claims processing revenue from Hurricane Ian. This growth was driven primarily by strong performance from our lender-placed business, our diverse group of wind and quake programs and our captives. Wholesale Brokerage delivered another solid quarter with organic growth of 7% driven by good new business and retention along with continued rate increases. The rate of growth for open brokerage slowed somewhat while the growth of our delegated authority business improved. Organic growth for the Services segment was 1.6% for the quarter, driven by claims processing revenue primarily related to the winter storms. I'd like to thank our 15,000-plus teammates throughout the world for delivering these strong results. Now I'd like to turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial results in more detail.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy for a great report. We continue to watch the impact of inflation and increases in interest rates on the economies in which we operate. As a result, we expect business leaders will continue to be cautious regarding the pace of their hiring and investing over the coming quarters. With that said, most of our customers are prospering. In the marketplace, buyers have pricing fatigue due to increases delivered over the last several years. We anticipate similar rate increases in coastal property in the near to intermediate term. As a result, we're seeing buyers either decrease limits increase deductibles or possibly opt for loss limits. In some instances, we're seeing personal lines customers paying off their mortgage and going without wind coverage in their personal policies. We continue to talk with our carrier partners about capacity, the flight equality and diversification. Our MGAs and MGUs have delivered good underwriting results over many years due to our disciplined approach. As a result, this positions us well to retain and/or increase our capacity that will help deliver incremental organic growth from our programs. We are pleased with the performance of our recent international acquisitions of GRP and BdB. They're growing nicely winning new business and retaining customers. In the case of GRP, they're also completing high-quality acquisitions and adding to our capabilities and geographic footprint. Many of you have seen that we completed our first Canadian retail acquisition of Highcourt Breckles on April 1. They're located in Toronto with approximately 110 teammates and will add to our capabilities in the Canadian marketplace. We'd like to welcome all teammates that have joined us over the past few months. And lastly, we're in a strong position with a good M&A pipeline. Overall, we feel really positive about our business and how our team is executing. We're winning more new business and doing a good job of retaining our customers. Our focus is on leveraging the total capabilities of Brown & Brown for the benefit of our customers both domestically and internationally. We're looking forward to having a good 2023, and have a lot of momentum coming out of the first quarter. With that, we'll turn it back over to Mikee and open the lines for Q&A.
Powell Brown: No, I wouldn't say anything that we haven't said Elyse. We're really pleased with how retail is performing. And as I like to say, we continue to hire talented teammates to help us service the market and producing the business that we're bringing on and that those customers that we already have, our existing customer base. So nothing out of the ordinary about growth itself, but I would just tell you we are very pleased with where the retail business is positioned both domestically and with our new acquisitions, not just like last year in GRP but in Ireland and excited about Canada as well.
Powell Brown: Sure. So first of all I'd like to clarify that in a business that's $2-plus billion of revenue, the impact of Florida today versus the impact of Florida 15 years ago is much different. So I think it's important to start there. The second thing that I would tell you is that from an economic standpoint, generally speaking in our -- with our customer base in Florida, they seem to be doing quite well. And what I mean by that is the construction is booming, people are growing. That does not mean that their margins are necessarily growing, because they -- different industries are having different levels of inflation and impact on cost into their P&Ls. But I would tell you that -- and if you go to dinner, it's packed. So it's still -- the economy is doing well in Florida. As it relates to Citizens, I'd like to talk about two scenarios, because this is -- there are some similarities and some differences for those of you that have been around since 2007. I'd like to talk about that. So here's basically the parallels. In 2007 and today. Citizens is deemed as the market of last resort, okay? So let's start there and we're going to start in retail and that's where the similarities end. So in 2007 if in fact -- and these are just examples. This is not -- it's a hypothetical example, so just bear with me. If the market was bearing an $0.85 rate on a condominium and Citizens being the market of last resort was quoting a dollar rate and the then Governor implemented wind mitigation credits, that took that rate from $1 in Citizens down to $0.50. So effectively the buyer was going from $0.85 to $0.50 per – in terms of insured values. That action in and of itself took us to negative organic growth in 2007, as an organization, much different concentration in Florida all that stuff. The final thing is Citizens was the market of last resort. They would write anything, anything, okay? So now fast forward to 2023 and Citizens has underwriting guidelines and there's not a rate cut. So if in fact, I'm just going to use the same scenario that we just had there. If they were at $0.85 and Citizens was $1 or $1.25, and the general market is at $1.75 or $1.50 then there are underwriting criteria, roof construction all kinds of things where Citizens is actually trying to qualify accounts. So remember, it's much different. It doesn't mean it's not complex. It is complex. So it takes a lot of time to get through a government entity to get the – but that's the difference now. In Retail, if you take an account that's from the E&S market and you bring it over into Citizens, the commission level would be, let's say flat to down slightly to up slightly. But let's just call it flattish but it has a lot more work. That said, in the wholesale segment, it has the potential to one an account can move. So you could go in the E&S market and they lose the entire account because it goes to Citizens with the retailer or you can have a scenario where Citizens quotes the wind-only and we quote an ex-wind quote. And remember, the example is it was $0.85 on – and its superior construction, the wind-only rate – I mean the ex-wind rate might be $0.07 or $0.10. So all of a sudden the premium has gone down substantially and we get paid commission on that much lower rate. So that's how it manifests itself Greg. And maybe a little more than you wanted but I think it's important for people to understand the difference today between 2007 because it's a big difference. And it's important you understand that.
Powell Brown: Okay. So the short answer is no, I don't think it's 20% presently. And what you find is there's a lot of activity in the residential, specifically condos and apartments in the first half of the year. So there's a lot of activity right now going on. And as I said, there are properties, not only where you live but up and down the West Coast and the East Coast, that are currently in the E&S market that have been submitted to Citizens but we don't know yet, if they're going to qualify. So how that ultimately plays out this year is yet to be determined.
Powell Brown: Yes. So I think the way we look at it is we still have a positive outlook on exposure growth, not so much inside of existing clients but the growth in number of clients. So we do believe that our customer base on a net basis will actually expand in terms of adding new people to their plans but the biggest part of the growth will be new benefits plans where we're helping people manage their costs and the delivery of what they want to their employee base.
Powell Brown: Yes. The short answer is did we see an acceleration in the decline? And yes we saw a little bit. That's correct. And remember I would -- and I don't have this right off the tip of my tongue but remember D&O rates were going up more quickly and sooner than this property trend. So, they had gotten to a level that the marketplace felt as though it was appropriate or high and then people started piling back in. Now, one, Robert could make the argument, I am not making this argument, but I'm pointing it out, that if someone on the risk-bearing side is trying to manage volatility in their earnings and doing that by looking closely at their CAT property portfolio, they have to redeploy that -- those assets and they're redeploying those assets in a place like professional liability. Thus, we're having price decreases or continued price decreases in professional liability. So some people have taken that position. I'm not necessarily trying to imply that. I'm just trying to give that to you so you can kind of chew on it.
Powell Brown: So, do we think it's a headwind for 1Q, 2024? No, not really as we sit here today. That's the first part. But you're on it. If you go back to what we said, there was one particular business that had an impact in Q4 in terms of a headwind. And that business -- that individual business still actually was encouraging headwinds in Q1. But the other businesses performed really, really well. And as Andy has said before, remember we have a front-end loaded, from a 606 revenue recognition standpoint, in Q1, because of employee benefits, but that's a function of us writing a lot of new employee benefits business and all the other businesses performing that much better relative to -- and offsetting of that little bit of a headwind in that one particular business. So we feel good about -- I mean, I don't want to give you the impression that we only feel good about employee benefits. Please don't take that out of my -- our comments. We feel really good about our P&C and we feel really good about our personal lines businesses too in Retail. But I just mentioned it, because there were people on the call in Q4 that felt like the organic growth was a trend, which is not and we said that. But we just wanted to kind of clarify that. And we also clarified it, because we did talk about a business that had a significant impact on the revenues in Q4 and there's still a bit of a headwind there but we've overcome that.
Powell Brown: And that's wind and quake you're on, make sure -- I want to make sure you knew it. Yes. Okay. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: And that's also assuming, if we're going to continue to invest in the business and we have to continue to weigh and measure M&A opportunities as they come along. But yeah.
Powell Brown: No. I don't want to give you the impression that there's some like found new capacity. I wish we could say that. But I think the issue is this every carrier or market participant is evaluating how they want to deploy their capacity. As I said earlier carriers are looking for more protection against earnings volatility nothing new. They're looking for balance of risk to the extent possible where we have a very large group of programs that are not just CAT. So we're able to balance those with people and so that's a very positive and we've had really good results over a long period of time. So we feel like as I've said before that we are effectively an outsourced insurance company. We can do everything other than bear the risk. And as a result of that and the results that we have delivered if in fact someone is considering, expanding or repositioning, which is a better thing. I don't think of it as expanding but repositioning capacity then we typically like to think that we're going to be near the top of that list because they've seen our results and they've seen the growth that we've had in the past. So there's no found bucket of gold under the rainbow. It's not that kind of deal. But I do feel like there's some really good discussions around us being able to keep capacity, which is as equally as important. I view that as a win Mark not just cutting capacity, because a lot of people have had a lot of capacity cuts. And if we can keep our capacity that to wind and then we might get cut a little bit somewhere but we get a little new. And so on a net basis, we're about even or maybe up just slightly.
Powell Brown: Yeah. What I would tell you Mark is, if we go around the system and you look in places, it's remarkable. I mean places that come to mind I'll give you an example Nashville, Tennessee, Atlanta. You get up in the Northeast in several areas, Boston. You get in Colorado. I mean, Phoenix. You get in all these places all around and you just got a lot going. And so if you think about it, the industry -- the one industry that we're in that has got a headwind as a higher level in a specialty lines business is auto dealers. We do some auto dealer work and auto dealer units are down. So think about it. Their pricing is coming back down to MSRP levels or below. There's an impact on used cars. And so that's a direct relation to our interest rate increases. So having said that at some point that's going to turn as well. So that's a slight headwind in our -- but if you think about other industries there's a lot of businesses that are looking for people. I think the restaurant business is tough particularly anything that is not defined as seated. It doesn't have to be fine dining but like a nicer restaurant, they're having a hard time in terms of getting people to work because if it's fast food, it's just tough.
Powell Brown: Thank you very much, Mike. We appreciate everybody's time, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter, very pleased with the outcome and look forward to talking to you then. Thank you. 
Andy Watts: Yes. Good morning, Wes, Andy here. So we don't provide that level of granularity on outlook by the segments and everything, but just a couple of things maybe to take into consideration. Our comments earlier is we had about 100 basis points of headwinds for GRP in Retail for the quarter. That will reverse itself over the coming quarters and will be a benefit. And as we mentioned the cost around travel and entertainment some of the inflation side of it that will continue to lessen as the year comes along and we're on a more comparative basis. So hopefully that kind of gives you an idea of what it should look like. 
Andy Watts: Yes. We had some of it. We didn't call it out specifically, but I mean, we've got it in all -- I mean, we have in a number of our segments, because we're always investing in the business. So you can always have some up and downs by the quarters based upon time hiring and growth.
Andy Watts: Let's see if we can take a few of those pieces there. Let's see so on the first one on the GRP and the 40 basis points is yes, that will reverse in the back end of the year and it's relatively evenly spread not perfect. So it's not 25% each quarter, but pretty even through the year consistent with what we've communicated in the past in there. Other thing to keep in mind and we had mentioned it is, we did have some one-time items in the quarter that are in our numbers that offset the benefit from our investment income. So, again, we'd not envision that those would recur in future quarters that are out there. 
Andy Watts: Yes Greg, keep in mind that the limitation that Powell talks about, on the homeowners side if you go down into Tri-County, I think the limit -- I might be off on this just by a little bit. I think the line is $999,000 I believe is the number. So if you think about how many homes are below $900,000 or $999,000 in Tri-County, not a lot of them. It's a very expensive real estate market down there. And then the rest of the state, I believe it's $700000 is the limit. So, not everything can actually go into Citizens. So there's a lot of press around all of it. But only certain things go into that box. And then there's a lot of limitations as to what they will take in the way of quality. So, the reason why we added all that color is the market is very different today than what it was in 2007. So there's been a lot of speculation regarding what this does to our numbers. And we've talked a lot about diversification of our organization and that we're not a Florida-based organization, the way we were at least weighted 15, 20 years ago. But our Florida businesses performed really well in the first quarter. We're very, very pleased both in Retail as well as Wholesale and Programs.
Andy Watts: Yes Greg, you should see those on our IR website. We tag them inside there. They come out underneath of a GRP press release that's got Brown & Brown in the footer, but we pull all those over into our normal IR website. So they should all be there.
Andy Watts: Yaron, I think we also -- we made mention in the fourth quarter, one of our specialty aligned businesses also had headwinds in the fourth quarter. And we anticipated some headwinds in the first quarter. We did see those. So that came through. But I think our commentary back at the time on the earnings, as we said we thought it would be modest in the first quarter. That's pretty much kind of what we saw through. So we were very, very pleased with 8.8 organic still with those modest headwinds. And we don't see those headwinds as a material issue on those businesses on the future quarters.
Andy Watts: Yes, I wouldn't call it full margin, because we do have some operating expenses in there, but they are much higher margin in non-storm periods when we have claim cost, yes.
Andy Watts: Yeah, I think we're just trying to estimate right now it will -- we're anticipating to move back and forth a little bit. The other thing is in the third quarter of last year when we recognized the claim cost on Ian's we also had some accelerated premiums during that time period. So it will move a little around a little bit by the quarter. That's how we took that into consideration. So you won't probably see it be exactly perfect by each of the quarters on an earned basis. It will be down a little bit in the third quarter. 
Andy Watts: Why don't we tackle the last one first. So what we have said publicly is on a gross basis 0 to 3. We're very comfortable with that range and 0 to 2.5 on a net basis. Michael, if you look back over time, we traditionally will move on the higher end of that range around acquisitions, and then we trend back down. And we normally kind of operate in kind of that middle part of the range in both net and gross, if you look at it over a longer period of time. And that's probably not unreasonable for our business. That will kind of continue to go down. One is, we repay debt normal maturities that are coming along on a quarterly basis and then as we just continue to grow the organization. If you look back we normally will delever about 0.25 to 0.5 turn per year is a pretty decent amount.
Andy Watts: Hey, good morning, Meyer. No, we don't earn as much on a fiduciary income internationally as what we do in the US. And again keep in mind in the US that, there's still limitations even here where you have trust restricted states that only allow you to earn interest up to your bank fees and then where we have relationships also with our carrier partners. Some of those also will only allow us on banks. So you don't see everything move on a linear basis. 
Andy Watts: No. No, there isn't. But keep in mind the captives that we have are not -- they're not linked with our lender-placed business. They're on large condominiums as well as on the quake side. So, wind and quake in there. And no, we did not have any storm-related claim cost in the first quarter.
Andy Watts: No, we didn't break it out but we did mention it Mark in the commentary on services. And yeah we did pick up some claims from the winter storms, again nothing really, really material in there but a few.
Andy Watts: Hi, Elyse. So I think maybe a couple of things to think about and we mentioned in the comments is there are some moving parts in there. We thought it was easier just to give everybody guidance on the full year, right? Because otherwise there's always puts and takes. There's business mix inside everything else. It's just -- it's not as easy as just adding up a couple of items. So what we're trying to do is just keep it relatively simple for everybody and give an idea as to what the full year would look like for the organization. 
Andy Watts: Well, so I think in the second quarter, yes, I think your comment would be fair. Now keep in mind that the revenue from the captives, right, will start to level out. So we're not going to get the benefit of organic lift each quarter going forward like what we saw in the first quarter, okay? Because we'll be -- we're writing basically a specific amount of premium, right, is what we committed to do inside of the captive. So that's limited in nature. That's why you get basically to a level amount of revenue by the back end of the year. Keep in mind also, we mentioned the one-time bonus in programs that we had in the fourth quarter of last year and also the $8 million of Ian claims. Just take those into consideration, when you're thinking about organic in the back end of the year and what that might mean on margins. 
