Hyatt Brown: Thank you very much, Nicole, and welcome everyone to our first quarter earnings call, and I’ll now turn it over to Corey for the financials.
Hyatt Brown: It’d be kind of an educated guess. I would say about two-thirds is higher rates, or maybe 75% higher rates and 25% movement. We think there’s going to be more movement because underwriting is continuing to get front and center.
Hyatt Brown: Yes, they are, Adam. One thing – I’ve been to this picture show before about five times, and there is something different about this time. What it is, is this – the risk bearers have a lot more capital and therefore dry powder this time than in the past. Number two, there are fewer risk bearers – and I’m talking about standard risk-bearers now – and therefore there is a lot more pressure to get the returns on capital up, which is pushing them. So whereas in the past when you have a market change, all of a sudden it’s 20 and 30% or more, which is just—you know, it’s awful. This time, it’s not happening that way and is it going to continue? Is this, you know, the 2, the 3, the 4 – it seems like it is, and if it does, then this is really a much better thing for the industry because people are able to accept small rate increases because lots of things are going up, particularly when we show them how they five, six, seven years ago they paid X, and last year they paid like 55% of X, and now you’re paying 60% of X. That’s very acceptable, and we are in both wholesale and retail – but really more in retail because that’s where the rubber really meets the road – we are being very, very careful about making sure that our customers and clients remember five years ago, when it was maybe almost twice as much as the price was last year. So all of that is kind of positive.
Hyatt Brown: Well, that’s a good question, and it doesn’t vary by quarter, particularly. Property in the past has been about, if I remember correctly, about 20% of our total, and so it’s probably moving up a little now. Florida, of course, the property rates are higher than they are elsewhere, so I’d use maybe 20 to 22 or 23%, would be about what our property premiums are now.
Hyatt Brown: No, I don’t think that the property—the amount of property insurance in terms of total insured values is going to change other than new business that we’re writing, but there is that constant and consistent push on pricing, and so the question is, is 2 or 3 or 4% going to go into 4 or 5 or 6%, and I don’t know the answer to that.
Hyatt Brown: Well first of all, an insurance carrier feels that if they’re in the 80 to 85% renewal retention percentage, that they’re about in the right place; and of course in terms of us, we want at least 95% and hopefully more. So it’s kind of hard to talk about that retention thing. Now, one of the things that will occur, particularly in the coastal areas and assuming that banks will allow this, there may be a buying down of the wind coverage, so if someone had $500 million of property values and the cover other than wind was 500 million, maybe they’d buy 100 million in wind as opposed to last year having, let’s say, the total 500. So it’s very difficult to make those kinds of assessments.
Hyatt Brown: Well, what I was going to say is that we are seeing some additional interest, and again inventory is about what it has been in the past, maybe a little better. But we’re seeing some additional discussions and it might have something to do with the fact that people are looking at what’s the tax rate going to be next year, and maybe I’ll do something this year. Now, how much of that is out there, I don’t know; but it just seems like there might be some of that thinking starting to accumulate.
Hyatt Brown: Well you know, we have a tendency to be pretty conservative and we’d much rather over-perform and under-promise. And so we weren’t really too sure that the underwriting regimen was going to continue to be front and center, and it seems to be that the risk-bearers are saying no, this is what it’s going to be. The other thing that has been interesting is the impact of RMS11, and RMS11 is impacting all coastal areas, so we were surprised that risk-bearers are following that as assiduously as they seem to be – that is, most of them. In some cases on some risks, RMS11 would suggest a PML double what the risk-bearers had in their files for last year. So all of that kind of—we’re thinking maybe a little better in terms of pricing. That’s about as good an answer as I can give you.
Hyatt Brown: Absolutely it’s achievable, and so we think the cost structure and the leverage is still there, with the exception of those two highlights that I tried to explain in terms of the employee benefit compensation on the short-term basis here.
Hyatt Brown: Yeah, it came both, and it varies with geographic area. I believe that if you looked at Florida, it’s probably half and half. Elsewhere, it’s probably maybe a little more – and I’m thinking of the northeast now – a little more of the economy. The economy’s better up there than it is elsewhere, at least that’s what our people are telling us. So they are moving in tandem generally, except for contractors, and the contracting business – now, some particular kinds of contractors are doing okay, but most of them, chiefly home building, it’s just not there. So going forward, once we get beyond the doggone election, I think people are going to feel a lot better about the economy; but generally speaking, there is a little more uptick there and payrolls seem to be flat and up a little bit. There is this constant push to get a little more rate, and as businesses are feeling better about the fact that they can see a little growth themselves, then the pricing is a little more acceptable. But there is a lot of pushback – I don’t want to give you a feeling it’s not tough out there.
Hyatt Brown: Also one thing I would just to—we actually didn’t effectuate that acquisition until the 9th of January.
Hyatt Brown: There will be incremental cost, and there is no huge game plan on the table that will have any huge cost on it. It will just be a gradual change as it makes sense for various offices and wholesale programs.
Hyatt Brown: Well, we really don’t know that via the competition. We really only know about us, from our standpoint. We’re looking at it as just another change, and about half our business has some exposure to that and half doesn’t. So probably the largest single change would be having admitted paper versus non-admitted paper. 
Hyatt Brown: I don’t know that we’re ahead of the curve or behind the curve. I think we’re about in the middle of the curve, as far as we can tell. The requirements that they are talking about, we already do for the most part; and the tweaks that they are talking about, they don’t seem to be a great deal of difficulty.
Hyatt Brown: Well actually, we really started about two years ago expanding our recruitment program, Ray, and it’s not just for the retail. It’s wholesale and it’s in programs across our whole system. There are great opportunities out there from people who have been working three, four, five, six years in another business and that business is not doing well, or it’s not there, and so we’ve been interviewing lots and lots of people. And when they meet our profile, then we try and bring them on board.  So we probably will continue to increase the number of people that we are bringing on. I know one of the things that Powell has been pushing very aggressively is recruitment, and in order to grow and to replace people who are going to be retiring and that sort of thing, we have to have new folks coming in. So there’s lots of opportunities for us, and we’re very pleased with our new people that are coming on. They’re doing very well for us.
Hyatt Brown: Okay, well that sounds good, Nicole, and thank you all and we’ll look forward to having another quarter. We are in adjournment. Thank you very much.
Cory Walker: Well, my gut reaction is the margins in general will improve. You know, the two things that we tried to highlight on this call does skew the absolute numbers a little bit, and the ICG operation has an unusual item and since we bought it in November, basically it will be three-quarters of that. And then like I said, that special program that we developed this year for retail commission producers is going to add some extra compensation expense for this year because this year is going to be a challenging year for them, and we wanted to incentivize them for this year to really grow the business. Remember, third quarter we talked about the fact that we had—Powell had mentioned that we were planning to give up margins on a temporary basis to have growth, and that was kind of the program that we were thinking of. So when you take those two things into consideration, I believe the margins will continue to improve for the rest of the year, with those two exceptions.
Cory Walker: No, I tell you, that’s actually a little bit lower than kind of the average. You know, we probably have about, say, 220 to $230 million of business that’s tied to a commissioned retail producer, and so theoretically you could have—if everybody exceeded that 5% growth, you could have 10 to $12 million worth of total cost. So if you take half of that, we’re probably a run rate of more like $6 million, maybe, give or take. So that’s probably what I’d plan on at this stage.
Cory Walker: You know, we’ve got a share buyback program. We have not bought any shares yet because as we had mentioned before, we primarily will buy shares back only at opportunistic prices.
Cory Walker: And Sarah, from our perspective when we were on the call, really the only thing that we really had to go on at the time is basically our detailed budgets by office, and at that time the first quarter was the more difficult quarter to get over and our budget basically had us at a negative internal growth. As Hyatt had mentioned, the pricing—we were pretty surprised at how the pricing did kind of hold up during the quarter, and that’s what really kind of helped us. The economy, we thought, was going to be flatter, which it did and so therefore we didn’t have the down-swoop that we’ve had historically and therefore the pricing in new business was able to grow it.  Basically from a budget standpoint, the first quarter was the hurdle, and as Hyatt said, there’s this gradual build that is—at least going ahead, nothing to where it’s a huge wave but at least it’s a slow build, and we think that each quarter will incrementally hopefully be a little bit better.
Cory Walker: Well, as long as—you know, you need to probably back off 5% on that one commission, and the ICG will be back on a normal flat level by the fourth quarter. So—
Cory Walker: So I would probably back it off a little bit. I’d back it off a little bit, but the basic structure is still there.
Cory Walker: Yeah, let me just give you the numbers for the first quarter amounts. If you look at—if we had left our GSCs in the first quarter of 2011, we reported a negative 2.3%, negative internal growth. Without GSCs, it would have been negative 2.4. If you go back to the first quarter of 2010, we reported a negative 8.6%, but without the GSCs it would have been lower at 8.2. So the numbers that you saw for the first quarter on the GSCs, you know, the GSCs are accrued on an actual basis so those numbers that I gave you are relatively consistent for each quarter, and so it’s not a huge differential. You can kind of figure it out—I did not do it yet for the second, third and fourth quarters, but it’s a relatively minor change. The first quarter would be representative of it.
Cory Walker: No. I mean, we typically don’t like to sell a book of business, but if a producer leaves and it makes economic sense, we will. So in this particular quarter and in the second half of last year, we did have a couple of larger book sales that generates it and it kind of goes up and down. It is higher than it normally has. Normally it’s probably in the million dollar mark, but that’s just the nature of what’s happened in the last couple quarters.
Cory Walker: No, there’s not. I mean, Arrowhead is pretty much a standalone organization. There was no office combinations, so most everything—the chain is really just part of the original purchase price allocation.
Cory Walker: Right, so technically there is nine days of revenue of January that are not included in our number, obviously.
Cory Walker: But you know, one of the items that ICG did make sense for us is that that is now a true partner, and in certain competitive situations previously there have been other companies that provide that service, and because some of our competitors may have written more business with certain ones, we were explicitly excluded from having them give us a quote to do it as an outside service. So with a partner inside, it does give us the ability to provide that service and be able to control it, so from that standpoint it is a positive.
Cory Walker: Well, they both grew, and from an ongoing standpoint—I mean, there was overall less offices that had negative growth than there were before. But in both sides, they did have slight positive growth. Now, from a standpoint of overall, we had talked about Proctor, and Proctor starting with the fourth quarter of last year, we now were comparing them apples-to-apples. They’ve written a lot of new business, and so from an incremental growth standpoint, Proctor was for the next really four quarters was going to add a positive growth. For this quarter alone, they actually grew in excess of $800,000 of that total, so that will continue as they kind of work through the whole Fannie Mae issue. But you know, it’s a good group of people, good business, and they do it the right way.
Cory Walker: Well, I mean, I’m not sure about that last statement, but Arrowhead did have some very minor—it was $300,000. We do expect them to have contingent commissions continue to be earned during—accrued during the year, or earned during the year. But any contingencies that they may qualify for would primarily come in the third quarter, and that’s part—part of that number, they historically have had somewhere in the 4 to $4.5 million per year come in. So could that come in in the third quarter? That was part of the number we gave you, and we’ll just have to wait to see if it comes true.
Cory Walker: Now—and Ray, let me just add onto that, is as you know, even during, like Hyatt said, the last couple years, but even before that where we’ve had negative internal growth, that was, as I had mentioned a couple times on conference calls, that was the one line item which really never did decrease year-over-year because we continued—as Hyatt says, we were always looking for good, high-quality people, and we pretty much hire our producers and train them ourselves. So when I had mentioned that there was $600,000 again this quarter in excess, it was just to highlight the increase on that. But we do expect that to continue.
