J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Kyle. Good morning, everybody. We had a 7.4% internal growth in Q2, and we're very pleased about that. All 4 divisions contributed to our $21.1 million of new growth dollars. Retail was up 2.3%, and Wholesale and National Programs and Services were up 10% or more. So with that, I'd like to turn it to over to Cory for our financial update.
J. Powell Brown: No, I'd say, Michael, the way I would focus on the wholesale arena is, as you know, you can have sometimes a little bit more violent swings in rates, up or down. But I would tell you that at this point in the cycle, it's more of a function of, one, there are accounts that sometimes are in the standard market and sometimes they're in the E&S market. I would tell you that -- we call those tweeners. Those tweener accounts are starting to move back towards -- away from standard market into E&S carriers and the wholesale markets. They typically look like a wholesale account, I would acknowledge that upfront. Number two, we're just aggressively out looking for and soliciting and getting a lot of new business. So you have -- the fact that you have a lot of new business, you have accounts that are moving across somewhat from standard markets that are typically E&S markets moving back to the E&S market, and we are getting a little help with the rate. But I would say that it's more just a function of that market expanding slightly and our ability to get more new business. Tony Strianese and his team's done a great job, they've done a really good job, a number of quarters. So we're really pleased with that 10.8%.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, key point, Michael, 2 years, so October 1 of '12 it started. So 2 years from then, we think that business will start going up. But we're going to have some expansion just by growing the business organically. So we think there's 2 embedded positives.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, Greg, this is Powell. I was going to say, remember, if you've heard some of the last earnings calls, I've said that we and yours truly reserves the right to do whatever we think is necessary to grow the company organically and profitably. And so do we think we can have the margins go up; yes. If you notice, our goal, our next intermediate goal is $2 billion of revenue. There is not a margin component with that, and there's not a timeframe upon which we will accomplish that. But what we can say is that the margin's going to be good and we're going to be growing organically. And so we're very pleased with our organic growth. And as you saw with all of our businesses growing as they did, we had nice margin expansion. So we think that there's continued opportunity for improvement, but the most important thing is we grow and grow profitably.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Greg. Yes, we are seeing -- they started really open for business on 7/1. They have a talented team of leaders. They have an unencumbered balance sheet. As I understand it, they don't have to buy reinsurance. So all of those things, in our opinion, will lead to good things over a long period of time. They're what I would -- we consider them and will consider them a good trading partner, already do. And they're growing, and we look forward to growing with them. But as it relates to specifics, they have done, I don't know, all the particulars, they've written some good accounts on 71 I understand. But I haven't seen them personally write much yet. But I think that in the coming months that I will and we will, so we look forward to it.
J. Powell Brown: I think that it's more -- I think it's more slightly positive. I think as I said in Q1, Adam, I think people generally feel better about the economy. But I think that people are cautiously optimistic about how they invest in their businesses. So, as I think I've said, the example I used in Q1, something close to this, if we need to buy a new $3 million machine, we may be reticent and may want to do some maintenance on that machine, rather than buy the brand-new machine and make sure that our business continues to grow as we anticipate a little longer before we go out and borrow the money to buy the $3 million machine. That's really what we're seeing. We're seeing uptick. If I made a broad statement, I think that you see sales outpacing payroll growth obviously. I can't tell you how much, but that's a broad statement. Some of the information that I shared this morning showed a similar, a one-for-one increase. Like in the West, the 5% to 8% -- I think the Midwest, 5% to 8% increase is up in sales and payrolls. I think most of the places around the country, though, there's a little bit of a divergence there. So sales are going to be up more than payrolls. People are slow to add new headcount. So we are starting to see, though, continued positive on audit premiums, yes.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. The answer is we've been very pleased with some of our -- well, our earthquake programs and some personal property programs in that area. As you know, we'd had a change in the auto program from a prior carrier to Everest, so that's coming back online. And I would tell you that the Zurich is a great trading partner and we are working through a couple things that will help us enhance distribution in terms of they're totally committed to it, but I'm talking about ease of getting it gone and so we're working through that. So we haven't seen the growth yet organically that both groups would want, but we can see how to achieve it and we're working towards that.
J. Powell Brown: Organic, yes, we don't break out the difference on benefits and other than benefits. But I would say that the growth in benefits was good.
J. Powell Brown: Number one, relative to Retail, we're very pleased with the performance, and Charlie Lydecker and the team has done a great job. And as you remember in Q1, Ryan, we said that Retail operates in a range. Q4 of last year, we did 5.4% organic in Retail. Q1, we did 80 bps. Now we've done 2.3%. Our budgets see that Retail can improve over the year, but until we deliver it, we don't believe it. And so I like to say show me first. And so we're out trying to grow our Retail business which, as you know, is now on a run rate about 57% of our revenue whereas it was 54% last year. And as the economy continues to grow, the middle-market economy, you're -- we believe that we will see more positive growth in Retail, so we feel good about it.
J. Powell Brown: No, but we could tell you what it is on an annual basis because some of it is lumpy -- and I shouldn't say lumpy -- but we haven't gone through an entire year. What I would tell you is Zurich is $20 million to $25 million annually and Everest is $7 million annually.
J. Powell Brown: I think there's 2 ways to look at it, Brett. I think that's a fair assumption with a caveat, and the caveat would be certain carriers were asked nicely to change to guaranteed supplemental commissions, and some of those that went to GSCs have now reverted back. And in the reversion or reverting back, they -- you always want to know exactly how those contracts actually work. And so the way people have contingency or profit-sharing contracts might change. We don't know something, that's not like -- I'm not trying to lead you to something, but I'm saying if, in fact, carriers change the way they pay those amounts, we would -- we don't anticipate that, but it's an important part of our business and we think about it a lot. And we think it aligns our interests and the insured's interest in our carrier partners. And we think that we can continue to do a better job in growing that; that's a goal of ours.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, sure. Here's the way I would break it out. If you go to Southwest Florida, that's Naples, the Sarasota, the economy is still slow. Actually, it's just kind of bumping along actually. If you go to Boca Raton on the East Coast to Miami, it's white hot. Construction, all kinds of things being sold, all kinds -- there's a lot of activity. If you go to Orlando and you talk to contractor in Orlando, and the contractors in Orlando are generally starting to see good pipelines. Now I qualify that, remember, pre-slowdown, that 18 months of backlog, today, that's 9 months to 12 months. You talk to a contractor, they feel good about it. But remember, if you had 2 years or 18 months, and it's only 12 months now, we -- they don't feel as good. They feel better, but they don't feel as good. In the North, from Jacksonville across the Panhandle, I would tell you that generally, business is better. So the mindset of Floridians is very positive. It actually is always positive. But we know in Florida that we have a fine state, we have tax-advantaged state relative to personal income tax, and we know then when all, you all, are up there in the wintertime working hard in New York City and far-off places in the North at 4:30 in the afternoon on a Thursday in February, it is going to be cold and dark. And we know that it's going to be sunny and warm and probably 72 in Florida. So people are going to be coming to Florida in the future. And if anybody on the call wants to buy some real estate or insure something in Florida, we could help you.
J. Powell Brown: No. Yes. No, it wasn't. What we've got is we had -- if you remember, we have -- in Services, we have 2 large work comp TPAs, 2 Medicare set-aside companies, 1 Social Security disability advocacy firm and 1 specialty flood claims business. So, in Q1, we had, obviously, a really big quarter. And two, this quarter, it's just like anything else, some of the business in some of those -- the revenue in some of those businesses comes in, sometimes, it's not as predictable. And so there could be expenses incurred in Q2 that there's not an offsetting revenue yet, but that revenue may come in next quarter. And so that's -- there's no magic to it, Meyer. I don't…
J. Powell Brown: It -- the answer is, on a broad statement, no. Are we seeing that in regions; yes. And carriers are addressing it differently in different regions, but on a broad basis, no.
J. Powell Brown: Well, Michael, what we've said basically is we can expand our margin when we have organic growth. Now, having said that, last year, as you remember, we had a onetime sales incentive that was an income event. That income event, as you know, was an additional 5% paid to retail producers who grew their book of 5% or more over the prior year. And so we had a potential expense of up to $12.8 million. And personally, Cory and I both wanted to pay the $12.8 million. We ended up paying out $6.8 million. 53% of our producers participated in that payout and we were very pleased with the results. And we have said that if we knew what we knew now then, we would have done it exactly the same way. Having said that, we do not have that $5-point-million expense in there and as we've said earlier, that -- and I like to say that I reserve the right to do what we think is necessary to grow the business in any way we see fit organically and profitably. Thus, we have input or installed a new wealth creation mechanism, that's the new SIP grants. And so, once again, that's a performance over a multiyear period that producers and others can participate in, which creates wealth as opposed to income. And so the answer is I know there are other firms that say, "Well, when we grow x, we have y expansion." And we are not really saying you've got to get this point. The way I want you to think of it, Michael, is barring unusual expenses, we can have margin expansion when we grow our business organically. The more rapidly we grow our business organically, the better chance we have to rapidly expand our margins.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. Look, well, the answer is we haven't gone into the specifics as it relates to the Beecher. But suffice it to say that they have to grow dramatically on the top and bottom line to get that, hit those payouts, which we fully think they're capable of doing and hope that they will, number one. Number two, as it relates to the traditional SIP grants, remember, they're a 5-year measurement period which, whether you're a producer, you are a leader of a business unit or an office or a group of offices or you're a senior leader, everybody has a component of that: 50% for producers and leaders; 100% for the senior leadership, where it's on earnings per share growth, that's 5% -- I mean, sorry, 7.5% compounded annually over a 5-year period. As it relates to the producers and the leaders in offices and multiple offices, they have 50% of their grant based on either personal production, as in a producer, or as a leader on growing the business organically and -- meaning the organic growth and operating profit growth. So that's typically the way the measurement periods work on SIP grants, the -- and also on the Beecher grants.
J. Powell Brown: Well, Elyse, the short answer is I wish that we did. And I know that we've been asked before is this a trend and I'd like to say that it would someday become a trend. But at the present time, I would want you and everyone else to think of the 2 businesses that we have picked up in automobile aftermarket and the Everest as onetime events. And so, if we're fortunate enough to pick up others, then I still think that's a bonus. But the short answer to your question is no, there's nothing pending. Would we like something to be in the pipe? Sure. But these are very unusual. That doesn't mean that we're not talking to people and we'll always talk to people, but that's not different than any other time in our evolution. But I would think of those 2 as isolated onetime events. We need to grow our business in programs organically, just like we're doing in the other parts of our business, which we are, and we're excited about it. And we think that there's some neat opportunities going forward.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. Let me -- I don't have the 2007 number right here in front of me, but I'm going to be pretty close. And I'm going to look at Cory. I would tell you that $333 million of revenue last year out of the $1.2 billion were in Florida. Of that number, about $168 million was Retail. That means that the others were in Programs, Services and Wholesale. That Retail business, not all of that is domiciled accounts in Florida. They could be produced -- they could be accounts in Seattle, Washington, handled by offices in Florida. Although that doesn't happen that often, it's very possible, number one. So the Services business is not nearly as contingent upon the economic swings in commission levels. The Wholesale business is. You've got exposures and going back and forth, accounts from both sides of standard markets to wholesale and wholesale to standard markets. And then in Programs, a lot of that business is all around the country. So I think the biggest probably indicator would be what our total revenue in Retail was in 2007. And so, if I had to guess, and this is a guess, I would want to check this, pretty good guess, but $147 million. If I had to guess, it's somewhere between $147 million…
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So I know you know, Josh, that we had $188 million evaporate between 2007 and 2011. So that's -- as we know, that's bigger than a lot of firms out there, most firms. And so in places like Florida, if this is a Florida-specific question, I would point to -- the first area I'd point to is every office that writes construction business. And one of the reasons we try to give that nuance around construction is we kind of believe Florida is a little bit of a service-based economy and it's a little bit of the field of dreams, a little bit. It's you will build it and they will come. As the economy slowed down, they stopped building and, therefore, people stopped coming. They stopped coming and then, therefore, they stopped building. Now we're starting to see that uptick in building. And so you can have accounts that were x before in 2007 that went down to 0.3 of x, so 30% of what they were. And now they could be 55% of x. So are they incrementally better? Sure, we think that they're healthier. But it's going to take potentially some time for them to get back, if they get back to that number. And some of those people went out of business. So do we think about are we behind? I think that's a matter of opinion. Are we happy that the business went down $188 million? No. Did that impact other businesses? Yes. Do we think that we're positioned well to grow with our clients as they grow in their middle-market endeavors and upper-middle market? Yes. Are we writing a lot of new business? Yes. Are our margins expanding? Yes. So we feel like a lot of those indicators, Josh, are all pointing towards good things, as opposed to thinking, "Well, we're behind." Well, by the way, on a combined basis, if you took last year's revenue with Beecher, we'd be at $1.3 billion and if you put $188 million on top, we'd be just under $1.5 billion. That's a wishful concept, but we believe that we're going to continue to grow organically with our existing clients and meet their needs and write a lot of new business, which translates into good organic growth.
J. Powell Brown: I would say the answer -- I don't know the answer to that. I would say incrementally, yes. We don't think about market share. We think about revenue dollars, because we can only invest revenue dollars back into our business by hiring and retaining and rewarding top people, quality people across the entire platform and investing in new agencies.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Kyle. We'd like to thank everybody today. We were very proud of our performance in Q2, and we look forward to talking to you after our Q3 performance. Hope you have a great day. Bye-bye.
Cory T. Walker: Okay. So in the programs market, we've been able to enjoy 35-plus percent margins historically. And if you remember, when we acquired ARROWHEAD, they had a $40 million of EBITDA on $107 million of revenue. They've obviously grown a lot organically, which we're very pleased about, Chris Walker and his team. And the automobile aftermarket program that came in effective October 1 of last year, we said it was going to be $20 million to $25 million of revenue in the first year, and it was going to be about a 10% margin for the first 2 years and we have -- and then, it will move towards our historic margins. As it relates to the Everest program that we picked up on 5/1, we've said that that $7 million of revenue and haven't yet given any color around the margins but, ultimately, we would expect that to be in the traditional operating range of the rest of our programs.
Cory T. Walker: Now, one other item, just to clarify, on the National Programs, we did get -- we did receive $5.7 million of profit-sharing contingencies. And so that's obviously high margins. When you extract that, that probably added about $4.7 million to the EBITDA. So because of the automobile aftermarket that Powell was talking about, and that's considered net new business since it's -- it was like selling a brand new account, those margins are lower than what, historically, ARROWHEAD or the National Programs had. So when you extract the EBITDA impact of the profit-sharing contingencies, the margins on the rest of the business did actually shrink a little bit, primarily because of this lower margin business on the aftermarket, but we believe it will continue to grow over time to the segments on average.
Cory T. Walker: No. I think the -- well, first of all, on the E&O reserve, that's an item that can fluctuate each quarter and it depends on how the whole legal environment works in the cases that we have outstanding. So, looking at that as the net increase is really kind of not the right way to look at it. It's really -- it came about just because of an unusual quarter last year in 2012, where we had an $800,000 credit balance, okay. So, clearly, that's -- it's not -- what we saw this quarter is probably on average, it's only up because of that credit. From a standpoint of software licensing, that is a combination of some of the roll-in in acquisitions that we -- the fold-ins that we had and some increase in some of the software costs, so I don't think that would continue at that same level each quarter. But it will be, overall, up a little bit.
Cory T. Walker: Well, let me clarify, Greg. I've only been doing this for 23 years. So unlike our Chairman, I don't have 60 years, 50-plus years to draw on, but I would say the following: when reinsurance rates go up or down, typically, they don't pass through right away. And so, if you're talking to a primary carrier, they're going to say, "We're bearing either more of that cost or less of that cost." And they can't pass it through, i.e. in an increase. So then, if they can't -- if they get a decrease, they don't want to pass it through as quickly. I would answer the question a little differently. What I would say is this: I think that the market, the rate market, is moderating already. I think that that will continue as a result of if primary carriers have downward pressure on reinsurance. I also think that if we do not have a large wind event this fall somewhere in the Gulf Coast, Florida or the Northeast, that the E&S market will flatten and potentially go down in terms of rate, slightly, starting January of next year. That's not a negative for Brown & Brown. We can still grow when we're doing that. The answer is it creates lots of opportunity for us to do a good job for not only our existing clients most importantly, but for new clients that we don't already have. So although some people say, "Wow, the rates are going down, so therefore, the rates have to -- reinsurance rates are going down and primary rates have to go down immediately," I believe there's always a lag. I think there are other external factors. I think that it's a very competitive environment and there's a lot of surplus. So it's not just the reinsurance issue, Greg, that's going to moderate rates further.
Cory T. Walker: And, Meyer, there's 2 small things. First of all, on the Claims Management, the margins shrunk a little bit because of the revenue of aberration and you can't remove costs as quickly as the revenues moved in that, and that's a little bit of that. The second thing is on our Social Security disability. They have been staffing up a little bit more and some additional cost, as they are planning to grow in some of the individual marketplace, and so their costs have increased slightly. So overall, there's only about margin compression of maybe $800,000 in that particular segment for the quarter over the previous year's quarter. So it's those 2 major areas.
