Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, great report. In closing, we were very pleased with the performance for the fourth quarter and specifically for the full year. As we anticipated, rate increases for cat properties seem muted now by the existence of fresh capital seeking higher returns. However, having property rates flat to up 5% is a nice improvement over the past couple of years. On the acquisition front, we only closed 11 transactions with $17 million of annualized revenue in 2017. While we looked at many potential acquisitions, we would like to have closed more. However, I am very comfortable with our approach to analyzing and assessing potential acquisition candidates for cultural fit and financial returns. Our goal is to more than cover our cost of capital and appropriate period of time based on the strategic nature of the acquisition. As you know, we attract business owners that see the benefit of joining a larger organization that will provide them the opportunity to maximize our collective capabilities and enhance their entrepreneurial spirit. With 28 or so private equity firms trying to put their capital to work, the space is crowded. As many of you know, 60%-plus of all deals done last year were done by private equity, and we don’t expect this trend to change much in 2018. However, we believe there are still a number of firms out there that fit culturally and make sense financially for us. It’s now just a matter of timing. As mentioned earlier, our technology initiatives are to upgrade and standardize certain platforms across the company and specifically within our retail segment. These programs will give us platforms to support our growth and profitability in the future as well as to help us improve the experience for our teammates. As a reminder, we are a decentralized sales and service organization, and we are standardizing some support functions with the goal of benefiting our teammates, our customers, and engaging deeper with our carrier partners. Today, we are leveraging our data better to win more new business and create new products to the benefit of our customers. As it relates to additional money from tax reform that we’ll be able to invest, we’re focused upon current and future teammates, innovation both in technology and beyond as well as M&A. Our goal each year is to deploy as much capital as we can that will generate appropriate returns for shareholders. With that, let me turn it back over to April for the Q&A.
Powell Brown: Okay. So the answer is we continue to evaluate that as we speak. But I will tell you, we’ve been very specific. My closing comments about what we plan to do with it: one, being invested in current and future teammates; two, in innovation; and three, in M&A. And so we are continuing to evaluate that as we speak, Kai.
Powell Brown: Not in the near-term. I don’t, Kai. I think that it’s going to continue to be competitive. And so, there’s a lot of people with financial backgrounds that are buying businesses, they’re not - many of them are not insurance people. And so, they’ve got their own view on it. And that’s typically a short-term time horizon, 3 to 5 to 7 years. And we’re playing for the long game, so it’s different, but it is - they’re closing a lot of deals, a number of them are.
Powell Brown: All right. So, Elyse, your second question, the answer to the question to me right now is, we don’t know. And you could say, well, the only experience we’ve had with this before, it was only a one-year or one-half-year program. This is an ongoing program. And so, I think that we - everybody is equally as motivated on January 23 of [indiscernible] business, 5% or more, than they were in the fourth quarter of 2017. And so they just have more months to hit the bell. And so, we don’t know actually. But I would say that, we feel good about the results on 5 for 5 for 2017. We believe that 5 for 5 will continue to drive desired outcomes and behaviors in the organization in 2018 and beyond. But we just don’t know to be specific on your question.
Powell Brown: We’re talking about it right now. And if we told you, it wouldn’t be a secret. And once we figure it out, we’ll tell everybody.
Powell Brown: I am not trying to be funny. I’m just saying that we are evaluating all kinds of things in that space with our senior leadership team as we speak, so more color on that in the future.
Powell Brown: Hey, Josh, I’d like to make one other point, and I know you’re very familiar with this. But in terms of the Department of Financial Services in New York and compliance with Cyber, we as - and many other companies that do businesses in the State of New York, are having to attest. Our CIO will attest next month for the first part. And then we got another thing to attest to a year from February of 2019. So that has been big on this list, too. So that doesn’t mean we weren’t going to be doing these things, some of these things. But some of that spend has been accelerated because of that need.
Powell Brown: I’m going to give you the just gut response as opposed to the technical response. And what I think it is, is this. At the end of the day, I think many of us think of private equity in the truest sense of seeking a 20% return annually. They put things out and it says 20% IRR and this and then blah, blah, blah. Well, in reality, that’s not happening in my mind. They are pricing deals at things that - or seeking returns of maybe 12% or 14%. And so, the answer to the question is, when you have new money in the market, with people that may not know about the insurance business, then they’re going to make some decisions to do some things that we wouldn’t do. And that’s not a criticism. It’s an observation. And so, I look at it this way. Could there be some benefits? Yeah, possibly. But, the gut instinct is this. If private equity wants to pay a big ugly number for a business, they will do it. And they have to be accountable to their investors over time. But I can assure you that if you think that their expectations for returns are the 20% that they’ve always said, that is absolutely not what we’re seeing in terms of the way they’re pricing their deals out there. So I don’t get uptight about it. I would say that we looked at a number of transactions last year. And, there were several that we would like to have done, that the chemistry was good. But some - in those instances, somebody else was willing to overlook something. And we weren’t willing to overlook that. And so, that’s okay. Remember, we’re doing this forever. They’re thinking about it just to flip it. And so, we’re thinking about our teammates, our customers, our carrier partners, our shareholders. And so, we’re all very focused on looking at numbers of acquisitions. But there’s lots of business brokers out there calling on agents, basically saying, we can get you a lot of money for your business and the prices are at an all-time high, you ought to look at it. So that sparked some conversations that maybe heretofore two or three years ago wouldn’t have occurred.
Powell Brown: Thank you, April. We want to wish everybody a happy New Year. And we appreciate your time and look forward to talking to you at the end of our Q1. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Andrew Watts: And I think, Kai, the other two areas to maybe keep in mind is, with the decline in claims processing revenue associated with storms, that will have an impact on the margins year-over-year. And then, dependent upon exactly where we turn out on contingents and GSCs, our estimate is $6 million to $8 million down that will have some pressure there. But the rest of the business, we’re very focused on getting the best flow-through that we can.
Andrew Watts: And, Kai, the reason we also look at it is, that basically it increases our cash flow from operations by about 10%. And we never view that we were in a situation where we didn’t have the appropriate capital to fund the business as so needed in the past.
Andrew Watts: Okay. Elyse, let me see - I’ll tackle your first one pretty quickly. As we mentioned in our comments, we said that the total organic was 9.3% for the quarter. And if you isolate the flood impact, it’s about 430 basis points. So underlying is about 5% organic growth. Okay.
Andrew Watts: And, Elyse, we mentioned this on a couple of previous calls and we would just reiterate it now. The program is performing almost right in line with exactly what we expected on kind of estimated top-line contribution as well as the investment side. So there’s no real deviation to it.
Andrew Watts: Yes, this is still a gray area as it relates to the IRS and when working through these pieces. They’re supposed to come out in sometimes around the middle of March with additional guidance. But at least the areas that had at least been talked about right now, Elyse, is anything from sports tickets, golf, your country clubs that could be out there, any sort of events that you go to. So again, as backdrop, it is traditionally meals and entertainment were already 50% non-deductible. So what we really did for simplicity is we just took the other 50%. And we’re going to wait until we see additional guidance from the IRS exactly what they’ve included in there.
Andrew Watts: That is correct, yes. So if you look back what we presented on Slide 19, and hopefully this graph helps with everybody, is we were a little bit slower starting the programs than originally anticipated but not unusual for all of these. And as we kind of continued on through 2017, we picked up momentum. We think, we are at kind of full spend right now, so the impact between 2017 and 2018 will be de minimis. Then what happens in 2019, 2020 and thereafter is we start gaining the benefits or the synergies out of the program. That’s how we capture our margin back and brings us back up to our original baseline.
Andrew Watts: Correct. Yes. We would not - on a full year, we would not expect a margin impact versus 2017. There might be a little bit in the first half of the year, but then we start our way back out of this.
Andrew Watts: Yes. The reason why we don’t disclose it, Arash, is it all depends upon the storm and the nature of the claims. They definitely move around based upon complexity.
Andrew Watts: Yes, exactly. So we’ll defer it in 2018, then what we’ll do is we’re going to take 1/15 each year and amortize it back into the P&L. And so the 15 years matches with our estimated useful life of our customers, which we disclose in our 10-K every year.
Andrew Watts: Yeah, so lot of this, Josh, is about doing a lot of our core infrastructure. And it doesn’t mean that we won’t have some refreshes like all companies out there in out years. But this is to catch up on a few areas, such as - look, we had way too many data centers running. We just need to shut them down and we need to get ourselves down to two or three. We wouldn’t see a reason why we would need to do that again in the future, building some of our core network, again, it’s not something that you would do over time. Generally, we’ll probably have some actual infrastructure or some technology refresh, but a lot of that is CapEx. So we don’t see that as - go ahead.
Andrew Watts: No, I think the only process in extending out is in - this is why we’re trying to give the update is, as we got through these things and just looking at them, sometimes they just take longer to get done than anticipated. Our total spend is not going to be different. But we think it might take about another year. And it’s really around just doing all the conversions within retail and upgrading on the agency management system. We’ll be probably doing anywhere from $25 million to $40 million per year. So you just kind of run that out. That’s going to take about three years to get through.
