Andy Watts: Great. Thanks, Powell and good day, everybody. I'll review our consolidated financial results on an adjusted basis in more detail. As a reminder, our adjusted measures for the second quarter exclude the change in estimated earn-out payables, one-time acquisition and integration cost associated with GRP Orchid and BdB and gains and losses on business divestitures.  We believe, isolating the above items provides a better reflection of the performance of the business and enhanced comparability. The reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures, including these adjusted amounts to the most closely comparable GAAP amounts can be found either in the appendix to the presentation or in the press release issued yesterday.  On an adjusted basis, total revenues were over $1 billion for the second quarter, growing 24.7%, as compared to the second quarter of the prior year. Income before income taxes increased by 32.1% and EBITDAC grew by 30.5%. Our EBITDAC margin was 34.2%, increasing 150 basis points as compared to the second quarter of 2022.  The effective tax rate for the quarter was 25%, which is in line with our expectations and compares 27% in second quarter of last year. The lower tax rate was impacted by the change in the market value of assets associated with our deferred compensation plan in the current year, as compared to the prior year.  Our adjusted diluted net income per share increased by 33.3% from last year to $0.68. Due to the changes in market value, our deferred compensation plan negatively impacted the ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue by approximately 250 basis points year-over-year. Keep in mind, there's an offsetting benefit within other operating expenses.  Lastly, our weighted average share count remained relatively flat and dividends paid increased by nearly 12%, both as compared to the second quarter of 2022. Overall, the performance by our team for the quarter was outstanding.  We're on Slide number 8. The Retail segment grew significantly, delivering adjusted total revenue growth of 25.5%, driven by acquisitions completed in the last year, higher profit sharing contingent commissions and organic growth of 6.3%. Adjusted EBITDAC grew slightly faster than revenues and our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded to 28.4%.  This expansion was primarily driven by increased profit share and contingent commissions, which were substantially offset by higher non-cash, stock-based compensation and to a lesser extent the hiring of incremental teammates to support our current and future growth.  We're moving over Slide number 9. National Programs had another outstanding quarter with adjusted total revenue growing of 25.7% and organic growth of 23.3%. Through the combination of revenue growth and leveraging our expense base, our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 510 basis points.  We're on slide number 10. Our Wholesale segment delivered an excellent quarter with adjusted total revenue growth of 23.8% and organic growth of 13.1%. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin contracted slightly due to some non-recurring cost in the second quarter that impacted by approximately 200 basis points.  We are on Slide number 11. The Services segment’s organic revenue contracted by 1.8% for the quarter and the adjusted EBITDAC margin increased by 220 basis points. The primary driver of the margin decline was lower organic revenues and the impacts of inflation.  I've got a few comments regarding cash generation and capital allocation. We generated approximately $390 million of cash flow from operations for the first six months of this year, growing over $40 million or 12%. Our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues was approximately 18% for the first six months of this year, as compared to 20% in the first six months of last year.  As we discussed last quarter, the lower year-to-date ratio has been impacted by higher interest expense and paying taxes in the first quarter of this year related to the fourth quarter of last year that we deferred as a result of Hurricane Ian relief.  With that being said, the second quarter was very strong for cash generation and we ended the quarter with approximately $630 million of operating cash. As we mentioned previously, post the acquisitions of GRP, BdB and Orchid last year, we are committed to delivering to our more traditional levels. In the second quarter, we reduced our outstanding debt by making incremental payments of approximately $130 million.  We’re in a strong capital position to continue to invest in our company, acquire great businesses and delever.  With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments. 
Andy Watts: Yeah, Weston, you see it probably in the commentary in our deck. It's the one that we did call out that actually softened a little bit more, the second quarter versus the first quarter. So it could go a little bit more potentially. 
Andy Watts: Yeah Greg, we’ll see - we maybe had a little context to the to the personal lines. If you recall you and this is, good 18 months ago or so when we had all of the fires on the west coast. And that was kind of the start of that process and so we've been facing the headwinds of declines in personal lines for a while, right? And that bled over from California, then into Florida, Louisiana and north part of Texas. And so, that's been some of our numbers for a while.  So don't read anything into this that we're actually saying, we think that there are incrementally larger headwinds now in our business. We've been working our way through those. The one where you probably see it or we would see in percentage-wise the biggest impact is actually in our wholesale business. And that's back to Powell’s comment about properties in the past moving over into the state sponsored plans.  And back to our earlier discussion about the admitted carriers pulling out at certain markets, that is forcing some policies back into the E&S space. And so, we are actually seeing some uptick in our submissions and our binary in our wholesale business that's there. So, don't know how long that continues on. Carriers change appetites and they decide to readjust their portfolios.  But it definitely was for once, at least not a headwind in the wholesale business, which is, which is a really good thing. 
Andy Watts: Yeah, Rob, but we’d also, our coming earlier about personal lines. It was a headwind in the second quarter of last year. We actually had tailwind in second quarter of this year, which is good. So that also helped contribute to the strong 13 plus percent organic growth. 
Andy Watts: When we get to the third - when we get to the third quarter, we’ll actually have a $5 million to $7 million headwind. And that's because we accelerated the recognition of the revenue on the premiums in connection with the projected claims cost in the third quarter of last year. You get – I have no idea what will happen if we have if any source storm in the third quarter.  We're just telling you kind of what we know right now. And then it will be, there will be minimal organic benefit in the fourth quarter, because we're writing a specific amount of premium which is what we're going to write in the four quarter of this year, which is the same amount that we wrote in the fourth quarter of last year. 
Andy Watts: No, we're not just stage changing our overall outlook. We adjusted that at the end of the first quarter and said we would be up slightly for the whole year very pleased with the second quarter results and things can always move around. But we feel real good about the business and the outlook for the year and everything.  But no, we're not going to have any major changes on that front right now. But feel very good about the business and potential for profitable growth. 
Andy Watts: So couple things on that front. Elyse is, one is no, we’d not be 100% margin. We do have running cost of the actual captive insiders there – There will be higher margin if there's no storms that are there. But what we said is, we retain $13 million on a per occurrence and up to a maximum of $25 million. We’re capped at $25 million on this year either through a combination of a wind event or a quake event that’s out there.  So it gives you a at least, it gives you an idea of we’re on the higher end of our revenue range. You get an idea things really go completely sideways with the potential profit that we can still participate in on these captives. That's why we created them. That's why we're participating. Because we're on - we have put these over top of two very, very well performing programs for a long period of time. And as we mentioned before, the captives, while they don’t read for that name, the actual outcome is identical to a contingent.  We're participating in the underwriting profit. So it's you'll see some - you'll see some volatility back and forth, but now they are working right as we designed.
Andy Watts: That would be an absolutely, yes, we would have seen margin expansion in the quarter and if you to back out the incremental net investment income, because that might be your other question is, the answer is yes, we still expanded margins in the quarter. So we feel really good about the performance. 
Andy Watts: Hey, good morning, Mike. The - I guess, one kind of depends upon what happens with interest rates and some of this - the central banks primarily here in the UK and in the US. But if you look at the second quarter on what we recorded, that’s probably a decent run rate for right now, it may move around a little bit based upon what our cash balance is and interest rates, but probably we don’t anticipate any major movements there. 
Andy Watts: Yeah. And Yaron, when we announced the deals, the guidance or the commentary we gave at the time was really around the margin not on organic growth and so, didn't want to see maybe those two topics kind of intertwined on this. We're very, very pleased with the business and how they're performing versus our expectations on the top line and the bottom-line.  And the margins for the businesses related to the divisions that that they're reported inside of are right in line with our expectations from a margin perspective. So, we're really, really pleased with how the team is performing and in both the businesses over here. 
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. We continue to monitor the impacts of inflation and increases in interest rates on our customers in the economies in which we operate. We expect business leaders will remain cautious regarding the taste of their hiring and how much they will invest over the coming quarters. With that said, consumers are still spending money and most of our customers are prospering. We believe this trend will continue for at least the next few quarters.  From an insurance standpoint, buyers remain fatigue due to continued increases in insurance rates, especially for CAT properties, which we expect similar increases through the end of the year. With these market conditions, buyers will continue to either decrease limit, increase deductibles in certain cases opt for loss limits.  In regard to our carrier partners, they remain focused on capacity, as well as a flight to quality and diversification. Historically, we've delivered good underwriting results and are uniquely positioned with the breadth of our MGA and MGUs to provide an opportunity for carriers to allocate capacity across multiple programs.  The combination of our diversification and strong underwriting results positions us well to retain and possibly increase our capacity, which will support incremental organic growth from our programs. A few comments regarding our recent international acquisitions of GRP and BdB. We're extremely pleased with the performance these businesses as they're ahead of our expectations for the first year.  The leadership teams are focused on driving continued growth vver the coming quarters and years, both organically and through M&A. GRP has been active over the past year acquiring over 20 high quality businesses. Additionally, we'd like to welcome all teammates that joined us over the past few months. Overall, we feel great about our business and how our team continues to execute and deliver.  Our focus is on hiring and retaining the best teammates and leveraging the total capabilities of Brown & Brown to retain our existing customers and win more new business.  In summary, we had a great first half of the year and have great momentum heading into the second half of the year.  With that, we'll turn it back over to Michelle and open it up for Q&A. 
Powell Brown: Yeah. Hey, good morning, Weston. Still we had a little bit of colors and context around this is, we had mentioned this back during the Q1 as well as Q4 of last year that we did anticipate some headwinds for dealer services in the first quarter. And we did see that it was probably in the range of about 50 to 100 basis points in that range.  If you recall, when we released earnings for third quarter of last year, we had talked about the fact that we were starting to see the headwinds on the Dealer Services business in late 2Q of last year. And we saw those through the third quarter and fourth quarter and kind of now continuing through the impact in kind of the back end of last year was about 1% by the course. So it kind of gives you an idea when you look at the organic and what the impact is.  As we now head into the second half of the year and similar or consistent with the commentary we had in Q1 as we get on to a more comparable basis now in the second half of the year, we don't see the same level of headwinds for the Dealer Services business. We are very, very proud of those businesses. They performed really well, just go into a little bit of a cycle right now, but they are, they're great businesses and we made significant investments in there overtime to our capabilities. 
Powell Brown: Yeah, we don't disclose that level of granularity, Weston. But what we've talked about in the past is, we do play significantly more CAT property in the second quarter than we do in the third quarter. And the third quarter is probably potentially, almost a third less than what we see in the second quarter. That's pretty consistent with what we talked about last year.  So it's why when - when we said that normally our organic is generally a little bit lower in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year because of the amount of CAT property, as well as employee benefits that we see in the first quarter. 
Powell Brown: Yeah. Weston, what I would say is, we continue to see downward pressure on public D&O. That's really where it's pronounced. In other places it's not nearly as pronounced. So, do we still see pressure? Yes, but will that continue for an extended period of time? Don't know? But that's the - that's the one place where we really see real softening in the market.  And so, my instinct would tell me the near to intermediate term, we're going to continue to see that kind of pressure in that part of the space. 
Powell Brown: Right. So, Michael, the way I would look at it is this, let's set the stage for what the market is right now. And what's happening is, insurers in many instances are getting back to us on a renewal business and even new business with very limited time or very close to the expiration date. So there's a lot of activity around analyzing limits and quotations and things like that before we give it to a customer.  I've also - we've also said that you have this fatigue inside of the marketplace with buyers, which have had in - particularly CAT from property increases for five and six years in a row. So, what I would tell you is, do we think that capacity is going to be dramatically constrained in Q3? There is a - this is the hypothetical scenario. That depends if there's a storm.  So if we don't have a hurricane hit Florida, that's a different answer than if we do have a hurricane hit Florida. So we can't answer that question right now.  Number two, there is also the uncertainty that any broker not just Brown & Brown faces, which is, at what point does a buyer of insurance basically say, I can't take any more increase. So what might happen is, they may be buying a lower limit or self-insuring certain layers in their property placement, but they've gotten to a point where they can't take anymore increased cost.  So, our growth would be driven more by new business at that point than just increased growth on the renewal building. So what I would tell you this, it's a challenging market. We're writing a lot of new business. I'm very pleased with how retail is performing and I would say that the question really hinges upon things that are a little bit outside of our control specifically weather.  And so we don't think that something is going to happen and relative to the State of Florida or hopefully not any other coastal areas between now and in the hurricane season. But if we did have that scenario, you're going to have a much different discussion around a business flowing into state pools i.e., Florida with the citizens and other places. It’s because the market will have to sort itself out. 
Powell Brown: And Mike other question you ask is - is around kind of which ones that you earn on it. As a general rule, this is not hard and fast, but to just kind of give you a direction on it. Normally, you'll see that in the employee benefits business, we earn incentives to the industry does not just us normally incentives, and then kind of all other lines are contingents and then guaranteed supplemental commissions and it depends upon the individual lines that are inside there. But that's at least a reasonable rule of thumb to work by. 
Powell Brown: Yes. Sure. Just to give you a context on that, personal lines inside of our organization about $130 million of revenue. 
Powell Brown: In retail, sorry. Yeah, yeah. And so, when we're talking about that, we do also have a program, I mean personal lines business in wholesale and we have it in programs. 
Powell Brown: No, not substantial. I think a couple pieces on that. One is, we were pleased to see that the reinsurance market was a little bit more orderly this year than it was last year. So we actually got all of our reinsurance treaties put in place back before they're back in kind of the May time frame, which is good. And then, with that, we were able to slight reduce our maximum exposure. So, we feel really good about kind of how the captives are performing. The organic growth that they've delivered, as well as the profitability. 
Powell Brown: Yeah, Rob, it’s Powell. I would tell you this, it's interesting because when you go out in Florida or you're here in London or whatever restaurants are packed and people are spending money. And so, what we're saying and lots of economists are dropping the probability of a recession and the second half of the year, I would just tell you that a lot of the customers that I've talked to and I hear about are just they just are approaching it kind of cautiously.  That doesn't mean that everything they're - said, we're going into a recession or anything. It's a little bit of a wait and see. So, do I have any data - real-time data in July that would tell me, no, I don't. But I don't think that's really, I think it's more of an instinct rather than something that they're seeing every day in their businesses. That's how we - that's how we interpret that. 
Powell Brown: I think it's a little bit of everything actually. Remember, if you have, there's a lot of property business that comes up in Q2 whether that's in our retail business, but also in our wholesale business and that doesn't necessarily mean it with Brown & Brown retailers. It could be with independent retailers. So there's just a lot of property. That's number one.  Number two, I think that from a standpoint of submission, count it’s very good. So we're getting a lot of opportunities and in some of those opportunities we’re having some higher hit ratios I think and it's not something so pronounced, but it's just a little uptick I think in certain areas and by doing that and you put all that together with the increase in race and you get a 13% organic growth, which is a great quarter for wholesale. 
Powell Brown: I think it's sort of across the entire platform. But I don’t know you're reading too much into that. I mean, the point is that you can have an incremental uptick in your quoted and bound ratio and that has a positive impact. But you got rate in there. You have lots of new submissions.  Remember, one of the things in terms of providing color on the marketplace, let's just use Andy made a comment about personal lines, if you're in a state where all of a sudden your admitted carrier non-renews you, you may be going one, to the state plan, Two, you may – the state plan, depending on what they hear and may not even provide enough coverage for your coverage A on your homeowners, and therefore you may be going into the E&S market.  So, a lot of those things there is just unique dynamics because of the market being in sort of turmoil or disrupted, that creates more opportunity in E&S. Just plain and simple. 
Powell Brown: Yeah. No. The answer, just so you know, is first of all, we were very pleased with both the commercial and the employee benefits. Remember, employee benefits has a unique dynamic relative to revenue recognition in Q1 and sometimes that also impact - it can impact into Q2. So I don't I don't look at it on a quarter-by-quarter basis, although I have, I think about it over an extended period of time.  So it could be either Q1. I mean, I'm sorry the first half or on a yearly basis. And so, we're very pleased with how the commercial business and the employee benefits business is performing there. Yes. 
Powell Brown: No, I don't – Mike, I don't think that, I mean, that could always potentially help. But I don't think that's the case. I think what it is, is, remember the players that have participated in CAT prone areas not just Florida have been really popped in terms of losses in the last five or six years. And so, what we really need is, I don’t know this will sound kind of interesting, but we need a little time and distance.  So we got to give them catch up. Let them catch a break. And so, as I said, we went through a period of time, in the late 90s and early 2000s where we had some storms in the early 2000s, but then we went through a period where the property market was good. And so, you made money there and the risk there is over five or six years then the market is very competitive.  It's just hasn't panned out like a risk bearers think and that's partially being driven by their loss experience and also being driven by the reinsurance cost. So, what I want you to think about is, watch the storm season. And in the event that we don't have a big event, which we think we won't. But if we don't have a big event then, do we see some stabilizing of rates? Do we see rates going up a little bit but not nearly as much as they are now? Or do we see slight decreases? That's how I would phrase it. 
Powell Brown: Yes. So remember GRP lapped on 7/1 and BdB laps on 8/1, okay? And so, we don't we don't break out specific performance by business, but the way I would address that is, I - we believe that GRP and BdB for that matter is performing in line with the overall division, but be it retail or wholesale from both a organic growth basis and a margin basis and we're very pleased with both. 
Powell Brown: Well, wait a minute, I just want to make here, yeah so we might be talking about two things. Are we – we are very pleased with the performance and part of the performance that we're talking about is, remember they acquired over 20 different unique businesses, which we think are very good going forward. So let's - but on the core basis, I believe when we announced that that we talked about we believe that it would perform in line, they would perform in line, possibly better.  But in line with the divisional performance and what I'm reiterating is, they are performing in line with the divisional performance more a little bit better but we're pleased with that. 
Powell Brown: Perfect. Yes. So, overall, the business is, is relatively evenly weighted through the year. A meaningful portion of that businesses around trade credit. So it sounds like you kind of see it go well in something to one quarter or anything. So relatively even. And then the margins for the overall business and again you have to kind of look at it the two pieces between Programs and Retail, which is the nexus and this linear portion of it. The margins there were comparative for similar businesses in there. 
Powell Brown: Well, first of all, we're very pleased that Bronek Masojada and Paul Krump has joined the Brown & Brown Board. They have both very deep industry expertise. They also have not only underwriting, but understanding about the exposures, not just in the United States but overseas and things like that. And I think that, I would want you to go consider them just like any other board member that joined Brown & Brown we think very highly of them.  We are very pleased to have their industry expertise. But I don't want you to take something out of context. These are people that we have known and worked with and think very highly of and they've already added to our board in the first board meeting, which was last week. So, we're really, really with both of them joining the Board and look forward to many years of really great contributions from both of them. 
Powell Brown: Meyer, I'm not, we're not aware of that. Right now, I will tell you that the Insurance Commissioner and that in the State of Florida is underneath the CFO. I know that the CFO of the State of Florida and Insurance Commissioner and then ultimately into the governor's office, they are all thinking about ways to retain existing carriers and attract new carriers because they're very conscious of the exploding growth in citizens.  And so, the answer to the question is, no, we're not aware of it. However, I can assure you that they're thinking about it in terms of ways not, not that question specifically, but ways to actually get carriers to stay and bring more carriers to the State of Florida to create a more competitive environment. 
Powell Brown: That's great. All right. Thank you all very much. We are very pleased as we said with the quarter and look forward to an exciting third and fourth quarter of the year. We got a lot of cool things going at Brown & Brown and we appreciate your time. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good day. 
