Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. In closing, we continue to remain optimistic about the economy, as businesses continue to invest and hire more employees. Like many of our customers, we’re watching the resolution of trade relations and other matters internationally to determine if they might impact our customers and the overall economy. We expect most rates to continue to increase slightly during the fourth quarter and into early next year and for competition to remain strong for accounts with low loss ratios or low loss experience. Our acquisition pipeline continues to remain good as we are talking with lots of companies. We have good momentum after closing 18 deals through the third quarter with annualized revenues of $86 million. We have announced three additional transactions already this quarter. Our goal as you know is to find companies that fit culturally, makes sense financially and want to be part of our team. We will continue to maintain our disciplined capital and M&A approaches as they have proven to be very successful over the long-term. As you know, technology remains one of our key priorities and we have a new head of technology. Our focus has been and will continue to be on investing in our digital strategy and partnering with other companies to improve the experience for our customers and our teammates in how we engage with our carrier partners. We believe technology will be an important part of the delivery of insurance over the coming years and we want to be positioned to capitalize on the opportunities when they arise. Overall, we feel it is a great quarter and we have really good momentum heading into the fourth quarter. With that, let me turn it back over to Augusta for Q&A.
Powell Brown: Sure. Good morning, Elyse. Couple of things. One, as you know, we talked about the revenue recognition standard and how we talked about on earlier calls about the organic growth will be slightly higher in the first half and maybe slightly lower in the second half. So that’s the first thing. The second thing that I would say is we have tried to look at it as we laid out for you on a year-to-date basis and we think of the 4% organic growth year-to-date through the first 9 months this year versus 2.8% last year. So we are pleased with that. As it relates to organic growth on a forward going basis as you know, we don’t give forward-looking guidance. We have always said that we believe that the organic growth rate of our business and specifically retail is a low to mid single-digit organic growth business and we continue to try to invest in that business when opportunities arise, whether that be through acquisitions as you have seen some of the larger ones, specifically Hays that we did last year or hiring additional people as offices outperform and we continue to go to the next level. So, I would tell you that from our perspective, from an economic standpoint, we are guardedly optimistic. Interest rates continue to go down or I don’t know what’s going to happen. Will they go to zero? I don’t know. If there was something, an unusual event, i.e., a hard Brexit, divorce or something with China or something like that, could that affect our economy? We believe the answer is possibly and if so, we are obviously cautious about that as well.
Powell Brown: Right. Remember, what we have historically said, I am going to reiterate what we have historically said and we haven’t broken out specific the new business wins versus growth in existing business, but what we have historically said is two-thirds to three quarters of the impact is exposure units. So those could be increases in existing customers and/or new business wins. The one-third to one-fourth would be rate. And depending on the quarter, depending on the classes of business, and if those are classes that are impacted more severely in some case, then it might be slightly different than that. But that’s kind of how we look at it, Greg. And I think that your point is a good one, which is, we are keenly aware of the importance of growing our business and growing it profitably. And so we are very pleased with the 4% organic growth year-to-date and the – versus the 2.8% last year. And the margin profile that Andy talked about, where we’re effectively up ex-Hays and for 9 months, up slightly ex-Hays and any gains that we’ve had in the same period. So a lot of people have used this term hard market, I’m going to be the first to point out, and Andy would, too, that we don’t believe that. And depending on where you are in the country, it’s interesting what you see. So let me give you an example. If you go into New England, package group middle market packaged writers, accounts are flat to down in that part of the country. And you want to compare that to Los Angeles is burning this morning and there’s rolling brownouts. I mean so there’s effects on both ends of that spectrum. So it’s really typically geography-based or line of business-based or both.
Powell Brown: Yes, I think that what I would say is I believe there’s 30 PE-backed firms in the space now and the traditional strategic that you are aware of. I would say, the – if there’s change in pricing, that change in pricing might be more pronounced in smaller deals becoming slightly more expensive because the larger deals were already expensive, and I don’t see them going up incrementally as much. That doesn’t mean they couldn’t go up. But I’m talking about deals that are under something from $3 million to $10 million of revenue and the corresponding earnings. There’s pressure on those multiples now more so than in the past because people that are short-term buyers are trying to gain scale. And so there is so many agencies that are considering selling or would consider to sell. And so that’s what’s going on. I will tell you that we’re very pleased with the opportunities that – and the teams that have joined organizations that have joined us so far this year. And we continue to be very optimistic about those in the future. But yes, it is continues to get more competitive.
Powell Brown: Sure. Thanks Charlie for Mike. We appreciate that. So Steve Boyd has a technology background coming into our organization 18 years ago as the CIO of Arrowhead, and then he migrated over to operations. And over the last couple of years, 2.5, maybe, years or so, he’s been involved in innovation initiatives across the organization. So broadly speaking, in technology, I think of it as several buckets. You have the data and how we use that data and manage that data to the benefit of our customers, our teammates and trading with our carrier partners. Security is a very, obviously, important segment. Innovation defined as emerging technology, and how that emerging technology can help us better interface with those three groups, i.e., customers, teammates and carrier partners. And in that innovation, it’s the vetting of technology. And as you know, there’s an enormous amount of money that’s pouring into Insurtech, some of which was intended initially to be disruptive and get between the buyer and the broker, and what they found in many instances is disrupting that relationship is a little more complicated and some of those organizations have pivoted and that pivot is to try to enable the brokers to enhance the relationship with their customers or simplify highly repetitive tasks. That could be policy checking. That could be gathering data that – not having to re-input data multiple times in the system, single input, things like that. So I also think of, broadly speaking, digital. Digital, defined as here now how do you use that to our benefit? I would tell you that the most technologically advanced area of our company is in programs. And so some of those capabilities that are being used in programs may have a direct impact right now in the near to intermediate future on something we’re doing in wholesale or programs – wholesale or Retail or Services. And so he will, obviously, be overseeing that as well. So I kind of look at it high-level, data, security, innovation, digital and all the underlying pieces with that. I will tell you that the thing that we’re most excited about, and I personally am, is Steve is a very talented leader, and he’s an operator. So he blends the ability to drive what we call business-driven IT. So we’re all pleased.
Powell Brown: There was no one big deal, Mark, that’s not what I would say. It’s just there was a lot of new business. And there were on existing customers, there was some rate pressure in existing areas, if they were CAT-prone or depending on the structure of the accounts. But we would actually just say that it – unless something changes, and I don’t know if it’s possible, but we think that, that growth rate is more indicative of the first half of the year than this quarter – we don’t think one quarter makes a trend.
Powell Brown: Right. So let’s – I think there’s – it’s important to bifurcate or trifurcate that question. So number one, the first question is, is it habitational or not, okay? And habitational, let’s define that as good construction, fire-resistive and what I call sticks and bricks apartments, garden style, three-story, two-story, frame apartments near the water. So there are still carriers, for example, in Florida that will be very aggressive on superior construction condominiums in the state of Florida. That doesn’t mean everyone, but I’m saying so there is some rate pressure, but it’s mitigated because you have some of these outlying carriers that will do things that you might scratch your head on and say, hmm, I wouldn’t have expected that. As it relates to garden-style apartments, there is more pressure not only on the property but on the liability as well because, as you heard us say earlier, there continues to be some adverse loss development in prior accident years. And so there’s a focus on, do we have the right casualty pricing and particularly in something like that, meaning garden-style apartment. As it relates to other than habitational, it truly depends on how it was written before. What do I mean by that? There are some carriers that have written large single limits on facilities, particularly HPR and very good protection or facilities where they are now saying, in some instances, we don’t want to write the whole limit. So if you’ve got somebody that writes, I’ll make this up, a $200 million loss limit, and they determine that they don’t want a $200 million loss limit exposed in a CAT-prone area, even if it’s good construction, and they all of a sudden only want to write $50 million, I just made that up, then you got to go out and stack up – I’m about to sneeze, excuse me. Sorry. You’re going to have to go and get some other carriers to do the 150 x of 50 or whatever the layering is. So I say all that, and there’s still, let’s not forget, there’s still an inordinate amount of capital sitting out there. And so I believe that at any time, optimistic or new capital, however you want to classify it, can come swooping in and do some things. And so I think that kind of moderates the overall rate pressure going forward. That does not mean that there isn’t going to be upward pressure on stuff, but depending on where it is. And then you go inland, and it’s all over the place. You go to Atlanta or Houston – not even Houston – Dallas, you go to Denver, and it may be flat or it might be up because of the class of business or the losses.
Powell Brown: Yes, there was momentum, Sean, before the July earthquake. What I would tell you that’s interesting, an interesting thing, number one – I marveled this – of all the people in California that live in earthquake zones, only about 10% or 11% buy earthquake coverage. That seems very low to me, number one. Number two, when there is an event, we usually see slight increase in purchasing. And that event, in this case, was a significant earthquake, but it was in a rural area. So the losses were next to zero, but the potential magnitude of that had it been 100 miles west was enormous. So let me give you an example, the measurement on the Richter scale of 7.4. The Northridge earthquake was, I think, a 6.9. It was either 6.7 or 6.9. The amount of energy in the July earthquake – this is amazing to me – 4x higher than the Northridge earthquake, 4x the amount of energy released. So what you’ve got is a recognition on the part of the marketplace that saying, wow, what would’ve happened had that occurred in Los Angeles, or San Francisco? And so there is some pressure on rates. The issue also is not only rates, but is limits, ability to put limits together. And fortunately, we have a very solid program which is performed really well for our carrier partners. And so we are able to put up significant limits in quake zones all over the West Coast.
Powell Brown: Okay. Yes, thank you, Augusta. And we appreciate everybody’s time and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day and a great rest of your fall. Goodbye.
Andrew Watts: So, good morning Elyse. Couple of things on that front. So the comment about the margin compression was specifically associated with what it will do in the fourth quarter to retail’s margins. So what we are trying to help everybody with is, whatever you have modeled out, then you would want to adjust it by kind of the 60 to 80 basis points down for the transaction. On this deal here again, it’s around about $20 million in revenue and what happens is it will recognize all of its revenue in the first quarter. So you will have – there is minimal, well, there is no profit in the back end of the year and then we get all in the first quarter. So hopefully, it gives you an idea of kind of how to model that. What we want to do is finish out the year and then we will give a better estimation as to what kind of Q1 and Q2 looks like once we close the year, but at least give you some guidance for the fourth quarter.
Andrew Watts: Yes, too early at this stage. So again, we would probably like to get through year end and then see if we get any guidance from any of the carriers. Most of those settle again in the first quarter. And as a reminder with the new revenue standards, what we are doing is we are accruing for the contingents throughout the year based upon what we believe will happen. So as a reminder, in Q1 of this year we had a number of adjustments positive because they came in a little bit better than what we had anticipated. And so again we are accruing for those. We will have to wait until we get to Q1 and then we will record any true-ups or true-downs based upon actual cash received as compared to what we would have anticipated we would have got during the year. So the new approach definitely creates a bit more volatility in the numbers than in the past.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Just one closing on there, just as a thought on contingents, at least our view is we don’t see anything in the marketplace today that’s going to start driving contingent commissions up at least in the E&S and our National Programs division.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Greg, Andy here. So with that book of business, it’s been running now for – and the adjudicating of those claims – about 18 months and then we’ve been kind of winding down off of it. We’ll still have additional impacts in the fourth quarter of this year, so that was the guidance that we had given as well as the customer account. And then we’ll have some residual impact in the first quarter. And then we will have made our lap on that one.
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning. Charlie, it’s Andy here. No, minimal in the third quarter. Just as a reminder, a good way for you guys to think about what happens post an event is it normally takes at least 30 to 60 days before claims start to really kind of come in, in the door. We started adjudicating those and we started recognizing revenue. So based upon when Imelda happened, again, that will be very unlikely for the third quarters. So just kind of keep that in mind for future storms. And then the storm itself, while it got a lot of press coverage, there was not a lot of flood activity there that was covered underneath the policies. So not driving a lot of claim activity. We will get a little bit, but it won’t be anything that’s going to drive incremental organic growth over the prior year. If anything, it probably keeps us flat year-on-year in the fourth quarter. And we will probably process most of those claims in the fourth quarter, but again, nothing material.
