Powell Brown: Thank you, Ally. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our second quarter 2022 earnings call. We had another strong quarter growing double digits organically, while expanding our adjusted EBITDAC margins. Our business performed well during the first half of the year and has great momentum. Additionally, we completed our acquisition of Global Risk Partners early this month, and we couldn't be more excited. I'm very pleased to see how the teams are executing on our proven integration plan. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to the more than 2,000 new teammates in England, Ireland and Northern Ireland. Now let's transition to the results for the quarter. I'm on Slide number 4. We delivered $840 million of revenue growing 15.5% in total and 10.3% organically. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin was 32.7% for the quarter, an increase of 30 basis points compared to the second quarter of 2021. Our net income per share was $0.51 on an as reported and adjusted basis. Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail later in the presentation. We also completed eight acquisitions during the quarter with annual revenues of approximately $11 million. In summary, this is a very strong performance. I'm on Slide 5. During the quarter, most businesses continued to expand slightly, even with continued downward moderation in GDP to more traditional levels. As we've seen in previous quarters, businesses continue to face inflation, labor shortages and rising interest rates. For many renewals, the quoted increase in premium is growing faster than the company's revenues. All of these issues continue to put pressure on margins for companies across multiple industries and are influencing how and what to levels leaders invest in their businesses. The carrier landscape remained relatively consistent with previous quarters. The focus is on the availability of limits for certain classes or geographies, heightened pricing sensitivity and increased underwriting rigor. Consequently, customers continue to modify their deductibles and limits to best manage premium increases. In an environment like this, we leverage our collective capabilities to provide creative solutions to our customers. Admitted market rates were similar to prior quarters and were up 4% to 8% across most lines with the outlier being workers' compensation rates, which continue to be down 1% to 3%. From an E&S perspective, premium rates increased in the range of 10% to 20%. Cat wind property rates were up 15% to 35%, while earthquake rates were up 7% to 10%. Similar to last quarter, carriers were focused on insurable values as replacement costs have increased materially over the past couple of years. The impact of higher values, coupled with losses will more than likely keep property rate increases in a similar range through year-end. The placement of professional liability and excess liability for most accounts remain challenging with rates up 5% to 15%. While we did see some slight decreases in public company D&O in June and the 1st of July. Regarding cyber, the story is substantially the same with rates and deductibles continuing to increase and carriers requiring effective security protocols. Personal lines for property in California, Florida and Louisiana continue to be challenging due to losses in aggregate concentrations. We expect carrier appetite in these markets will continue to be constrained through at least the end of the year and a number of accounts will move into the state plans. I'm on Slide 6. Now let's transition and discuss the performance of our 4 segments. Our Retail segment had a great quarter, delivering nearly 9% organic growth, as a result of good new business, solid retention, rate increases, modest exposure unit expansion. We delivered robust growth in most lines of business. National Programs had an outstanding quarter with organic growth of 19%. This is one of the best quarters in the division's history. The growth was driven by onboarding of new customers within our lender-placed business, strong new business, our good retention and exposure unit expansion across many of our programs. Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered a good quarter with 7% increase in organic revenue, led by strong growth in our open brokerage business. Our overall performance continued to be impacted by headwinds within our personal lines businesses. The organic revenue for our Services segment declined by less than 1% with the main drivers being higher prior year claims activity related to travel cancellations and weather events. Now let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. We have a lot of momentum and believe this positions us well for continued profitable growth. As we mentioned last quarter, we believe economic growth will continue to moderate to more normal levels, federal rate increases, the prospect of continued inflation and resolution of supply chain constraints and geopolitical matters have the potential to further cool the economy. With that said, we are well positioned to navigate these potential headwinds. We have a significantly more diversified business today than we did a decade ago, which should make us more resilient to a slowdown in the economy. From a rate perspective, we anticipate premium increases for admitted markets will remain relatively constant through the end of the year. From an E&S standpoint and all of this is subject to what happens during the hurricane season. Premium rate increases for the remainder of the year should be fairly similar or potentially slightly lower as compared to what we experienced in the second quarter. As it relates to California, Florida and Louisiana, these markets will more than likely continue to be challenging and further rate increases for both personal and commercial property lines are possible. We continue to deliver creative solutions for our customers. We have a good pipeline of acquisition candidates and are engaging with firms that we believe will fit culturally and make sense financially. History has proven that when we get a good cultural alignment, we deliver strong performance and value for our stakeholders. We're making good progress in our innovation - on our innovation agenda, which is focused on leveraging data to enhance the customer experience, simplifying the placement of coverage and creating new products. In addition, we're focused on implementing efficiency tools to enhance the experience for our teammates and enable them to spend more time delivering solutions for our customers. In closing, we feel great about our business, the momentum we have and how well our team is executing and expanding our capabilities. The addition of GRP, Orchid and BdB will further fuel our success with the addition of more than 2,000 talented teammates with very diverse capabilities in the U.K., U.S. and Continental Europe. While the economy might present some challenges, we remain focused on delivering for our customers, winning more new business and acquiring great companies. As we've done in the past, these will be key drivers of our steady long-term growth. With that, let me turn it back over to Ally for the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Right. So here's the way I would look at it. You have - in our business, we have a large personal lines book, particularly in Florida, but we have a large habitational book. Just - these are 2 examples. You know, large condominiums on the coast. And so what you're seeing is this, you've got, number one, as you know, in the state of Florida, we have - they have takeout companies, which you've read about are Demotech rated and they're reevaluating that. They're not going to come out with adjustments today and tomorrow, like they talked about, that's number one. Number two, there's a flow of business back towards Citizens, which anticipates there are a number of - policies could be somewhere in the range of $1.2 million or up to as high as $2 million by year-end if everything went to hell in a hand basket, technical term. We don't anticipate that, but I'm saying it's possible. And so in our business, we think the order of magnitude relative to the impact on it, residential properties is in the neighborhood of several million dollars that could be moved from some of these things over into a facility like Citizens or something like that. That's the first part. The second part, which is much harder to put your finger on is, in some instances, we are seeing individuals who have very nice large homes in Florida who do not have mortgages, basically raise their hand and say, the insurance for personal lines is too expensive. We're going to self-insure. And that's hard for me to understand, I mean, but I got it. But their insurance rates are going up - this we primarily in Southeast Florida, I haven't heard of that yet anywhere on the West Coast or any of that Tampa, but I haven't heard that yet, but I'm talking to Dade, Broward and Palm Beach County, but specifically Dade and Broward. And so what I mean by that is you have this very interesting shift in California because of the wildfires and lots of accounts are coming out of markets and they either have to pour into the fair plan or they're going to go into an E&S market where the rates are going up substantially. Louisiana has been under intense pressure because of the losses, and they're having the same issue in their homeowners market, although the values in Louisiana, as you know, are much different than they are in Florida or California. So that's a long-winded answer, Greg, of saying, one, the order of magnitude, in our opinion, on residential for us is several million dollars. If that were to all go to Lenahan [ph] basket. That said, we haven't quantified it on our commercial book because we think there's commercial options. It's not - Citizens does write in Florida commercial business, but most of the business that we write is actually in E&S markets that's on the coast.
Powell Brown: Sure. We'll split this into two pieces. So one for clarity, we've actually - we've increased our guidance for the full year. As you probably recall, Weston, when we originally gave guidance for the year, we said down slightly to flat to up slightly. Based upon the strong performance in the first half of the year and taking into consideration some of the headwinds of continued inflation, we now think that we'll be flat to up a little bit, which is good. But there's still inflation going on in the business both from a compensation standpoint, as well as just operating expenses. If you've taken an airline flight likely, you can definitely see where the costs are today versus where they were a year ago. So we're trying to take all that into consideration. So as it relates to how we think about investing in the business, number one, as you know, our business is all about teammates. So we're focused on getting the right people on the team, rewarding them, challenging them to work to the best interest - for the best interest of our customers and grow personally and professionally and financially. That said, some of the hiring that we're doing, obviously, is costing a little bit today than it was a year ago, and that's going to be reflected in S&R. That's - but that doesn't mean we think differently about it. We're always looking for the right people. That's number one. Number two, Andy made the comment about travel. Let's just talk about plane flights and hotel rooms. And we saw an uptick in our business in T&E in the second quarter. And so as more people go out to see customers and go to events and do things, we're going to continue to see that. And at the present, he cost for that is higher today than it was a year ago or 2 years ago. So just keep that in mind. The third thing is about acquisitions. And the answer is we're always looking for acquisitions because it's all about cultural fit and doesn't make sense financially. We have not seen any indication that the purchase price multiples are coming down as a result of any increase in Fed rates or anything to that effect and actually don't anticipate that in the near to intermediate term. But we will continue to be out meeting with people and why and when people do transactions is very different for different firms. But we think there continues to be a great a number of opportunities for us to invest in businesses that will either embellish existing capabilities or expand into new capabilities.
Powell Brown: It was the latter. It really was. And I think here's the thing Weston, we don't get caught up in the number of transactions. I think that's important. That's not a criticism, but we don't get caught up in it, whether we do eight, whether we do 10, whether we do three, whether we do none or we do more than that, it's all about investing in the right firms. Now just coincidentally, it's kind of interesting. GRP bought eight businesses in the second quarter. So that's - and that's just a statement, it's not a here or there. And so when we look at it as when the right firms that fit culturally and make sense financially present themselves, we don't think it's down or up because of anything other than that.
Powell Brown: Remember, let's look at it this way. Let's talk about the areas where you see pressure. Automobile continues to be under pressure because of the number of accidents and more importantly, the cost of the claims that are being paid, that's number one. Number two, liability, if you're going to see some downward rate pressure, I think in the primary, you might see it there if it's priced appropriately, you may not see increases as much. Excess continues to be challenging, that's umbrellas. You heard us say that - and this is kind of across the board. We talked about umbrellas under pressure. You talk – where workers' compensation rates being down 1% to 3%, I think, is what it was. And - and from a standpoint of property, Cat property continues. That's not admitted. I know that. But even admitted property carriers continue to look at their property portfolios. Part of that is highly driven around the reinsurance placements and any limitations or pullbacks from the reinsurers into them into like a large Siemens [ph] one of the primary carriers. So it's interesting how carriers are viewing their property portfolios. Broadly speaking, there's a broad statement. Carriers want to figure out ways to reduce volatility and diversify their books of business. That's kind of a - that would be conceptually what any carrier would like to do, and it's easier for some than others.
Powell Brown: So I know - I appreciate that you ask that every quarter, Elyse. But as you know, we're not going to give organic growth guidance in our retail business or any of our businesses. You're correct in saying what I've said historically and that was just kind of put that out there to allow you to chew on that and everyone in the investment community. But the short answer is this. We're going to continue to service our customers. That's our first and foremost. Number two, we're going to try to write a lot of new business, which we've been successful so far in doing. And number three, we're going to continue to look for businesses that we can - that fit culturally that makes sense financially. And those businesses typically are growing organically and they have capabilities to either expand on our existing capabilities or create new capabilities for our organization. So I'm sorry. I know you'd like to hear me say something differently on a certain quarter, but I'm not going to do that. But we feel really good about the business. We feel good about what we can control. We can't control the economy. And so what we can do is we can do a great job for our customers, and we can go out and write a lot of new business or be aggressively seeking new business. And that's how we have positively impacted our organic growth, not only this year but last year, and you've seen the results accordingly.
Powell Brown: Yeah. I wasn't - there was not a subliminal message there. I don't want to give you that impression. I just was trying to give you a state of the marketplace and how we see it, which is the - in some instances, depending on the class of business, the line of business, whatever the case may be, there may be a higher frequency. But for sure, pressure on the loss costs. So the losses that happen are paying out at a higher rate today than they were a year or 2 years, 3 years ago. That's what I'm saying, and that was just trying to have an underlying support for the pressure on - the upward pressure on rates, albeit they could be going down slightly, but they're moderating at a slower pace or just slowly moderating. That was the implication Mark.
Powell Brown: Yeah. The answer to the question is no, there's nothing that I've seen that there's some - we've hit the bottom or whatever the case may be. But let me be clear on that. I don't, me personally, I don't think as much about the rates in workers' compensation as the payrolls because remember, that's what's driving that business. And so if the economy is expanding or payrolls are going up, then typically, our business is performing better. So in a high unemployment environment, you have lower payrolls typically. And therefore, that's a downward pressure on our business. At the present time, we haven't seen that because it's the exact opposite because it's a very low unemployment and actually, the pressure on wages is higher today than it has been. So therefore, that's - in the near to intermediate term, that's typically a positive from a workers' compensation, which I believe offset any negative downdraft of that 1% to 3% that we talked about.
Powell Brown: Yeah, let me try to address your question about inflation and insured values. So remember, I'm just going to make it simple, let's just use computational property. So that could be apartments, that could be condominiums, that could be anything of the sort. For sake of this discussion, let's put it anywhere in Florida, in Texas or California, just as an example. Large population states, we write a lot of business there. And basically, underwriters, both in the E&S market and in the admitted market are looking at replacement cost values and saying that does not look right. And so therefore, there's a slight embedded upward pressure there in addition to the rate increase. So we are continuing to see that. And in some instances, underwriters are looking for higher increases in values than we think we can get - it can all be done in a year. I mean we've had to say, look, there's just no way the insured can buy that. And so there is an issue going on there. So the most - to your point, the most marked increase from an inflationary standpoint would be around the following. Let me give you an example. You have a car that actually you get in an accident yourself, a personal automobile accident. It's not your fault. You drive a jeep, just made that up, and you needed to get fixed. So the part is going to cost more, and it takes longer to get. So the insurance company of the person that hit you is paying you for a rental car for six weeks or eight weeks when in essence, it used to be done in two weeks. So there's additional costs there, which increases the total overall claim. That would be an example. Case in point, you have a fire loss and people, you got to get wood right away or cinder block or whatever the case may be. Those products cost more, the cost to get it to this - the site, the job site is more and the cost of the goods is higher and the cost of installing it is higher. So you have kind of the - the trifecta there. It's kind of across the board. So we're seeing it kind of in all segments of our business. Interestingly enough, you didn't ask this, Robert, but I would tell you that we're seeing that in a similar fashion in England, so their inflation rate, obviously, is high as it is here, and we're seeing the same kind of thing going on there.
Powell Brown: Okay. So depending on who you ask, the number of acquirers out there continues to grow. And so you have strategic buyers like us and the other public companies. You have buyers that are short term in nature, which are typically backed by private equity, which will be sold. And then - but they have businesses and then you have private equity firms that are trying to get in that don't have businesses. That's kind of the way I look at the different buckets. And so when you have firms that don't have businesses and they say they want to get in, they may be willing to so-called pay up for a business or for an asset that we would not be able to get our heads and around evaluation. Having said that, as crazy as that sounds, they're willing to take lower returns to put that money to work. So they may project a return of X, but they're willing to take half of X to put that money to work. And so again, we invest for the very long term. We are all about the high-quality people that do the right thing for our customers. And we try to invest in a manner that will build long-term value for all of our stakeholders. So again, the other thing that I do want to mention, which I think purchase price multiples, people say, well, they're up or they're flat or they're high or whatever. And the answer is a purchase price multiple of what, okay. So let's make sure we're clear on that. An investment banker or a business broker can gussy up a pro forma and make it look a lot better than the reality of life. And so it's a multiple of what? Is it a multiple of the real earnings? Is it the multiple of the adjusted earnings? Is it a multiple of what? And so again, I find it very interesting what people will buy based on the projections because we don't think those are true ongoing - it's not an indication of ongoing concern. So that's the way I look at it. Thanks a lot, Robert.
Powell Brown: We can't hear you. All right. Why don't we do this, Yaron, why don't you work on your headset. I think we've got another question in queue. We'll take that one and we'll come back.
Powell Brown: Well, remember, we don't give organic growth guidance. So we - our European teammates look at the environment much the same way we do in terms of the inflation being almost 10% and how that impacts everything from food and gas to supplies to you name it. And so there is a similar feeling there as we have here about being mindful of it. But there is an optimism about the business and our ability to serve our existing customer base and the ability to write new customers and bring new and innovative solutions to them. So I would tell you that, as it relates to the inflationary pressure, I would say they're cautiously optimistic. As it relates to business operations, I would say they're extremely enthusiastic and optimistic.
Powell Brown: All right, Ally. We're going to wrap this up, and I'd like to say thank you for everyone joining us this quarter for our earnings call. We're very pleased with our 10.3% organic growth with a slight improvement in our adjusted EBITDAC margins, and we wish you a great quarter, and we look forward to talking to you next time. Good day.
Andy Watts: The other thing I would tell you is that we're really proud of, though, one final comment is this, and I said it in our comments. Our business today is much different than our business in 2009. So I want everybody to know. And I think it's kind of interesting. I know you don't think this, Greg, but there are some people out there that think that we're a retail business. And I would say that we are a diversified insurance broker, because 58% of our revenue is retail, but for everybody else that maybe isn't getting it, that's 42% other than retail. And that part of our business performed really well. And so we're very pleased with how we're positioned, the diversification of our business. And quite honestly, yes, we know it's happening out there, but we're not seeing yet with our customer base. And let's - let's clear up one other thing. We are writing a lot of new business. So that is awesome. So we're continuing to deliver for our existing customers, and we're writing a lot of new customers. So this creates a lot of opportunity for us.
Andy Watts: Yes, primarily in retail, and that would be the delta if we had to move all of it to another market, and if it went to Citizens and the delta on the commission rate. So we don't see that as a material headwind for us. We still have that impact going wholesale and we called that out in terms of the personal lines. So we do have a good sized personal lines book there, and that will continue to be under pressure. But if you think about just the overall, you know, from a commercial property space and where rates are going, generally, it's a positive for us, Greg, when you look across programs and all the wind programs that we run in the wholesale business, as well as on the retail from the placement component of in - inside of there. So I just want to make sure we balance that out.
Andy Watts: Yeah. Greg, we touched on this briefly in the opening comments, but we've got a proven way in which we go about integrating acquisitions and bringing the teams together. And that covers everything to how we think about the go-to-market with customers, how we're engaging with our carriers and expanding the potential markets. How are we integrating the back office, all the way through from the front to the back. So we feel really good how all our teams are collaborating. And obviously, it's still early days, but going all in the right direction, which is really good.
Andy Watts: I would say there was one-offs inside of there. The big drivers that we saw across all National Programs as we talked about, we had a really good business in many of our programs. We had good retention, and we're seeing some exposure unit expansion in addition, and we've talked about this for a few different quarters, starting last year was the on-boarding of some new customers in our lender placed business. And this was the final quarter before we make the lap [ph] on the revenue and the expenses coming around. So that's part of what is driving the increase. That's why we made the earlier comment about it will be on a more comparable basis. And we think the organic - we're still expecting good organic in the back end of the year for the National Program segment, but we would anticipate it would slow down. We love the growth at 19%, but part of that has just making the lap on the lender place, but that is not the majority of it. It just - it was a really, really good quarter. Now keep in mind, when we head to the third quarter, and this is traditional in that business, we have less property placements in the third quarter than what we have in the second quarter. So if you look at the organic, it normally does dip down a little bit in the third quarter in comparison to others. So if you look back over history, that's a pretty traditional trend.
Andy Watts: Yeah, Elyse, as we think about at least the economy over the coming quarters, this comment is consistent with what we said over the last quarters. We anticipate that GDP is going to continue to moderate down to more normal levels. We don't think that it goes negative, but who knows what can happen out there in the future. But we're coming off of almost historic highs on GDP. It's got to moderate itself back down to more normal levels. And that's just going to take a number of quarters in order to get there. So depending upon the actual trajectory of it is how it will influence our business over time, but we feel really good with how we're positioned today.
Andy Watts: I think as we look into the - back into the year, we anticipated originally that comp would be a little bit easier with the incremental inflation on the areas that we mentioned earlier, yes, that may take some of that potential tailwind out. So just being a little bit conservative. I just don't know exactly what it's going to look like in the back end of the year, but we feel really good with how all our leaders are managing their expenses and investing in the business. We do a really, really good job with us across the organization, and we'll see ultimately how the numbers play out the back end of the year.
Andy Watts: Yeah. We - I know we've had - this comments come up on a few calls on the fiduciary income is, if you look back over time, is that is not a significant driver of revenue for us. And I know some of the other brokers make different comments that are out there. And again, maybe their businesses have a different profile underneath. But we don't see, for every 1% increase in the Fed rate that, that drops out millions upon millions of dollars for us. It just - this has not historically done that one. Because the other thing that is something to think about in that equation is even if the Fed takes rates up by 1%, they won't flow through from the banks at the same rate, there's always going to be some sort of a spread in there and there's always a delay. So theoretically, yes, that makes sense. In reality, that's not what really happens that's out there. So we do a great job of managing our capital and all the fiduciary to the extent that we can. Also, I think we've mentioned this in the past is, in many cases, on the fiduciary side, there are restrictions put in place by either the states or by our carrier partners that only allow us to earn interest up to the extent of the bank fees that we incur and then after that, we cannot earn it. So again, that's a portion of our fiduciary funds that are out there.
Andy Watts: Good morning, Robert. Is from the audits and at least what we've been seeing over the last few quarters, is we've been in an advanced position, but there's been no material increases or decreases in the audits. So I guess if you're trying to get a feel for or the insurance trying to materially understate their insured values or payrolls, whatever the case might be, and then having a big adjustment on the back end. No, we're not seeing anything major there, at least in the first half of this year.
Andy Watts: Yeah, it could be a number of things in there, Yaron. So organic would be one of the drivers. There will be the travel and entertainment costs in the back end of the year, just potential inflation on other operating costs that we have, as well as salary. So it's going to be kind of a combination of all of those together. We haven't put a specific weighting on each one of those in our guidance, but just trying to take all of them into consideration.
Andy Watts: No, no. So two different things on that comment. So the eight that we had mentioned, Yaron, those were the ones that they had completed during the second quarter, this year. So we're just trying to give you kind of perspective on the activity that they had. And then they've already completed two or three this quarter already. And all of - almost all of those were anticipated as part of the overall transaction.
Andy Watts: The margins is - and we mentioned this earlier, we're expecting the margins from those three businesses to be slightly higher than the margins for the segments in which they will operate. In FX should have a minimal impact on the actual margin…
Andy Watts: If you're impairing the dollars yes, don't compare the growth percentages for our earlier comments because of part of that is making the lap around for the onboarding, but dollars, yes, that would be good to work from.
