Powell Brown: Yes, Greg, first of all, thanks for the comments. As you know, we don't give organic guidance. And it is interesting because you -- what you're referencing is true. There's a little bit of kind of differences of opinions and things that are occurring out there in the economy where you can have -- let's just take construction is off the hook in many parts of the country. And yet in those same parts of the country, we have customers that are in the restaurant business that can't hire enough servers. And so I'm sorry, we're not going to be able to give you an answer to your question specifically. But I can tell you, it is interesting because most of the people we talk to have a pretty positive outlook on the future. It's just that their cost of goods sold or services sold or whatever, is going up, and they don't know to how much. So it's conceivable they will sell more of their product, whatever that is, but have a slightly lower margin next year.
Powell Brown: Sure. So let's talk about -- first of all, we are in a very competitive environment for talent, and we have been. So this is not new, that's number one. Number two, as you know, we're a pay-for-performance company, and we think we have great teammates, and we want to do everything to retain the teammates that are currently on the team, and then we want to optimistically and opportunistically acquire new talent to enhance growth opportunities in segments of our business. And so I would say that we will constantly and consistently, whether it's now or three years ago or three years from now, are evaluating how we compensate our teammates, how we reward people, what that means in terms of long-term alignment with what we're trying to build. And I think the other thing that people sometimes confused the issue is. It is not linear hiring necessarily. And so, it's not like you can say, well, we're going to hire three people and one person retired. We're going to hire three people. It's not like that. It's one of these things where we want the best athletes on the field. So it's conceivable that next year, we hire a lot more people in certain segments of our business, either to service our customers or to produce new business or some combination thereof. So I look at it as our investment in salary and related is not just increasing cost on existing teammates. It's actually building in and compensating for new hires that are not in our current budget that are so talented that we can't afford not to hire them.
Powell Brown: Sure. So one of the things that I'm always interested in is, I think the big print give us and the small print take it away. And so when somebody comes out and says, we've hired x many people, I don't know if they countered that by saying how many people retired or did they have any turnover affiliated with that, I don't know. But what I would say relative to us is, as you know, we're actively recruiting in all cycles of the business. And our retention today is at our historic levels. That does not mean that we don't have people trying to call our people and trying to spirit them away. But our retention levels are at historic levels. That's number one. And number two, our hiring, I think, is good. We're not going to give you a number like that other firm because that's not the way we operate. I would just tell you that we feel really good about how we bring people into the organization, how we continue to train and enhance our capabilities to deliver for our customers, and how we launch people to taking on more responsibility, whether it'd be in a leadership role in an existing office or in a different office. So, I think of this as it is a busy time in terms of talent any -- for any business, anybody, and we're no different. But I feel really good about where we are in the recruiting process, the development process and the retention process.
Powell Brown: Sure. So Mike, remember, first of all, we don't give organic growth guidance and we don't give margin guidance. We said over and over and over that we think we're a mid- to single-digit organic growth business in a steady-state economy. And our margin profile is 30% to 35%. And having said that, we are going to -- I'm going to reiterate what Andy said, which is we're going to invest in the business as we see fit to grow and service our existing customer base and to write a lot of new business going forward. So having said that, we don't believe one quarter is a trend. That's important to note. We had a very good quarter, and we feel really good about our year-to-date organic growth and our margin. But again -- once again, it's there's -- we're not going to be able to say anything to anybody here today that's going to be able to get you to lock in on a number for your margin profile next year because we can't tell you, nor would we, but we can't tell you how many people we're going to hire, and how many opportunities we're going to have to build out capabilities or enhance current capabilities on our team. So I'm not trying to be frustrating to you, Mike, but the answer is we're kind of consistent. I know that's boring, but we're consistent. And we continue to do what we say and say what we do.
Powell Brown: Yes. So let me address that. We're not doing something that says we're going to eliminate 40% or 30% of our real estate footprint and all that, we're not doing that. You got to understand that we were very efficient before. So I said earlier, we're kind of boring, we're kind of consistent. Well, we are boring and consistent. The answer is we will continue to evaluate real estate in the manner that we've always evaluated it based upon the needs of specific offices. And in doing so, is there a potential scenario where there could be some reduction in some cases and expansion in other places? The answer is absolutely. But we believe that the work or return to the office environment is going to continue to modify in the future. That doesn't mean that we can't have work from anywhere, which I think we're a work from anywhere company. But I don't want to give you -- there's nothing that I'm aware of, and I'm looking at Andy now to see that there's -- I'm not aware of any permanent changes. The only thing that -- and we don't have visibility into it as how T&E responds back.
Powell Brown: I think also, Mike, it's important, and I know you know this, that the industry-leading margins also go hand-in-hand with industry-leading cash conversion. So that's real in terms of our ability to invest dollars that we earn back into our business. That's equally as important and very -- we're really proud of that.
Powell Brown: Yes. No, it's -- we've had the opportunity to acquire a number of really talented business teams and businesses over the last 5 to 10 years. And unifying goes to -- in terms of going to market, it eliminates any potential confusion that a competitor could try to spin on us when we're talking to them about our large accounts, medium accounts, small account capabilities. So don't read too much into it. We're really pleased, and we're all Brown & Brown anyway. But we're just calling everybody in retail Brown & Brown going forward. So don't read too much into it.
Powell Brown: Yes. And you know my answer, Elyse, it's good. It was good in the first half, and it's good now. So we're pleased, but we're not going to disclose that -- like I said, that's part of the deal.
Powell Brown: So let me make one observation that I think is important. As I said earlier, we don't believe one quarter makes a trend. So remember, the business year-to-date is growing 8%, and we're very pleased with how wholesale is doing year-to-date, number one. Number two, and I know you know this, but remember, our business is slightly more authority than brokerage. And some of the other firms that you would have transparency into are usually the reverse. So, there are more brokerage than binding. And then on top of that, as I said, we have a component of that binding authority business, which is personal lines, which is being dramatically impacted in California and Florida. In California, as you can tell, it's not just losses but it's actually people trying to get off of policies and the insurance commissions are not letting them in certain areas. And in Florida, it's a people being non-renewed in some instances, by standard markets and having to flow into Citizens. So what you've got is you've got two environments, where it's, I don't even know if I'd say transitory because that's not the right term, it's a -- there are two personal lines markets that are huge that are influx. And so that has created a headwind for us. And so, that's what I can tell you about it. But that is what I would pretty much put that on.
Powell Brown: Hi, Mark, we can't hear you. Yes, you might be on a speaker phone or something. Can you pick up because you're breaking up.
Powell Brown: Yes. That will be the new home for it, May. So almost similar to the $5 million, that's kind of when, again, we onboard accounts we'll see that we'll pick up incremental revenue and then when it comes around to renewal cycle ends up in the appropriate period. No, you keep on the -- just keep in mind on that one, the way that we were suggesting to everybody is, once you had your estimate for the third and fourth quarter, then you probably wanted to move or to $6 million. What you don't want to do now is now take $4 million to $6 million out of the third quarter and move it to the fourth. So that would be incorrect.
Powell Brown: We wish we could tell you that, but if you could give us some insight about what's going on in Washington, we could answer that, and I'm not trying to be flipping Mayer. I'm just saying that the processing of that type of business is greatly impacted, as you know, by the government working at full steam or whatever you want to call that, and that hasn't really been going on for a while. So you have backlog, and we don't have an answer. It's not like we can say, six months from now, we don't know yet. So it's going to kind of plot along.
Powell Brown: We're seeing -- as I said earlier, it's a competitive environment all the time. So, in our business, we think of that as all teammates. So, we wouldn't isolate it to one group of teammates. It's all teammates.
Powell Brown: So let's answer that. That is absolutely happening across lots of businesses. But what I've said is that our retention ratio is in line with what it has been historically. So, I think that the magnitude, of the last 18 months, has created lots of changes in many people's minds. And some people are deciding to leave industries they've been in for long periods of time or make work life balance changes and things like that. And so having said that, we see that affecting our customers all over the place. So it's real. We're here to tell you it's real.
Powell Brown: Right. So generally speaking, clients are not focused on profitability of insurance companies. So that's the first thing. The second thing that is important is depending on the conversation, there are sometimes discussions around loss cost increases where your losses are going up 5%, 6%, 7%, meaning the cost of the same loss year-over-year would be higher by, let's say, 7%. And what's happening now, if you listen to the carriers, as they're talking about these very significant verdicts sometimes that would seem that would be outside the normal. I don't like the term, but it's a nuclear verdict or something like that. And you start to see some of these where the settlement might be x and then all of a sudden, it's 15x, you expect. And so the short answer to the question is, the customer is not generally focused on or dialed into the performance of the insurance company. What she or he is focused on is? One, controlling their cost; two, making sure they have the best -- not in this order, coverage is the best coverage they can get; and three, to the extent possible flexibility and options. Flexibility and options might be program designed. So when you put all those together, that's kind of the course of the conversation. And in certain segments of the marketplace, as you may know, there are limited options so therefore, there might be more pricing pressure there than it would be on something that every insurance company really wants to write. So therein lies the conundrum when we talk with our customers, but the key to that is making sure there's -- to the extent possible, there's no real surprises. So talking to our customers early and often about what we see in the marketplace, and how we come up with ideas to manage the process and their costs and coverage going forward.
Powell Brown: The answer to the question is. There are lots of people that are trying different things in the flood space. As a broad statement, I'm not aware of anything that is so new and different that it's earth shattering. However, you're starting to hear more and more, Michael, about the interest of people to write more private flood. And that's great, but the private flood, they don't want to really write in the worst flood zones. So it's sort of like writing wind on a AAA construction building, where you have a low probability of loss, lots of carriers would like that, but sometimes they aren't willing to price it that way. What we're seeing is we're not seeing -- we're not -- I'm not aware of a program that can model flood with any great statistical relevance and therein lies the challenge. So you know that we're going to risk rating 2.0 with NFIP. You have discussions around looking at flood maps and are they appropriate. You have all kinds of things going on, and there's a lot of discussion around, hey, this is a growth opportunity. And yet, the private flood market is not writing an enormous amount of the segments that NFIP serves. So long-winded answer, but I'm not aware of anything that's dramatically impacting the industry, but we're always trying to; one, be creative and; two, plugged in to what's going on in Washington as it impacts our business and our ability to service a broader customer base.
Powell Brown: Sure. So Greg, I would tell you that I think that it's always an interesting comment on a multiple of what? Because people -- our definition of EBITDA or EBITDAC is different than other people. And so what we might believe is a recurring expense they might try to take out. And so, I would just -- I've kind of changed the way I refer to it, which basically says valuations continue to be high as I said in the remarks, which is, it continues to be at the very high end of the range. And I don't see that changing in the near to intermediate term, that's number one. Number two, as we've talked about before, we bought a business in January, as you know, of 2020, called Special Risk. It's in Vancouver, British Columbia, and we do business across Canada. It's a wholesale operation with a bunch of great teammates, and we're very pleased about that. And then we also bought in the beginning of this year, O'Leary Insurances in Ireland, based in Cork, which we're equally as pleased about. And so if you think about those two areas and our business in London, those are areas where there's a rule of law. There is something that we typically do business or have done and can do business there currently. And we're always looking for opportunities that fit culturally and make sense financially. So lots of not you, Greg, but lots of investment people think that sounds sexy. And I don't think that international expansion is sexy I think it is -- I don't sleep on airplanes, and it's not about me, but it's hard to do that when I fly to London, and I've got three hours of sleep, I'm going to a meeting. So I say all that, trying to be a little tongue in cheek, but we look to partner with people that we think fit culturally makes sense financially, and we're really -- we think that there are some opportunities, but the question ultimately will be, can we make those work financially as well.
Powell Brown: Perfect. Cecilia. Thank you very much for your help, and thank you all very much. We appreciate your time. We're very pleased with what's going on with the business. I'll stress again 10.8% organic growth year-to-date. We're at 11.5% in Retail, 13.2% for Programs, 8% in Wholesale and 3.6% in Services. So we're very pleased with what's going on, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Andy here. Hi, Greg. Just a couple of things, I think, on the question about T&E. You're at least thinking about in the right direction. I think we try to be really consistent on this topic, which is, we don't know exactly where the new levels of spend will end up for T&E. They will realistically go up over time. I don't know if they'll get all the way back to where they were probably pre-COVID potentially, we'll see what that looks like. But we -- as you saw what we did last year and what we've done this year is, we're trying to focus the best we can on how do we deliver profitable growth. That will move up and down over time based upon how our costs move back and forth inside of the organization. But we probably at least manage everybody's expectation. We've had a great 2021 already. The likelihood of that level of further expansion next year could be challenging with some of the items that you mentioned.
Andy Watts: Yes, Michael, I guess I think if you go back to our comments last year, and there were a lot of questions everybody had of us of why we weren't putting mandates in place in order to drive all the cost out. And we said at that stage because we've got complete confidence in all of our leaders that they will know how to navigate through the process. That's part of the reason why we have industry-leading margins that we've had for decades as an organization. So, we run a very profitable business. We're very proud of that. So, we don't have a lot of just excess costs just sitting around that we just cut out one day just because we think we we're constantly looking at where we invest in our business where we need to put our chips, where we need to pull them back, et cetera, in order to make sure that we invest for the long term, but also deliver good shareholder value.
Andy Watts: Elyse, just to go back to our prepared comments, one of the things we said in there is that all lines of business grew during the quarter, and we're pleased with the performance all the way across.
Andy Watts: Yes. No, that's correct. We're up about $3 million year-to-date versus the prior year, and that is all based upon incremental performance that we've been seeing both top line as well as on earnings per share. So we'd expect that to probably continue into the back end of the year, Elyse.
Andy Watts: Yes, there is, I guess, probably just as much likelihood that we would have some upside we would have some downside next year. In the business just based upon we're investing, we're just trying to manage everybody's expectations.
Andy Watts: So assuming pull that apart a little bit. So in the case of the $5 million, that was a new customer that we onboarded, just we onboarded it quicker than anticipated. We would have thought it would have kind of been over the third and fourth quarter. And what normally happens on some of those accounts is you're going to end up there's kind of a lag when you transition from a previous provider out there that's what represents the $5 million that will show up over the first half of next year. And then we haven't changed any of our commentary on the fourth quarter versus what we said last quarter. And if you recall, we said there would be potentially $4 million to $6 million of revenue moving from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. We still stand behind that comment.
Andy Watts: Exactly. So most you guys all have those in your models anyway. So don't do it again, you'll double count.
Andy Watts: Yes. I mean the other thing we know on those, Meyer, is it does work itself out over time. If you just go back historically and look at that business, it goes through these cycles. We just don't know how long this cycle is going to last.
Andy Watts: Yes to Powell's comment earlier, because we're in a competitive environment, salaries went up in 2019 versus 2018. They went up in 20%. So, we see that in the marketplace all the time.
Andy Watts: And Mike, keep in mind in our Services division, we do substantially no adjudication of flood claims. If you recall, we sold that business a number of years ago. We still work with that business that's out there. But if we're going to see claim activity, it's normally going to show up in our National Programs division.
Andy Watts: Yes. Thanks for the question, Greg. The -- we've talked about this in the past. We manage our working capital very closely and have for years. That's part of what drives our high conversion ratio. The other is the margins that we deliver as an organization, those two in combination. And if you look back to how our margins have moved over the last few years, that's what pulls up in kind of that at least 27% on a year-to-date range. It will probably maybe move by a few points back and forth, up and down a little bit, but I wouldn't anticipate anything going down in the low 20s or anything of that nature. We are very, very focused on making sure that we can grow our revenues into cash so that ultimately, we can take that cash and invest it back into our business.
