Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. From an economic standpoint, we believe the speed of vaccine rollouts, the overall vaccination rate, the pace of state reopenings and any additional stimulus will ultimately influence business confidence and drive economic expansion. We believe there should be further economic improvement through the remainder of 2021. As we talk with our carrier partners, we expect premium rates to increase at similar levels through most of '21, but may moderate slightly in the second half of the year. Please remember, we're starting to see a gap between renewal increases and new business pricing. While M&A in the first quarter was a bit slow for the overall industry, we believe the acquisition space will remain very active and competitive between long-term strategics and temporary private equity sponsors. This will result in continued aggressive pricing for deals. However, we remain well positioned with our low leverage to capital on our balance sheet and access to additional capital to fund our M&A activity. Our pipeline remains good, and we're talking with lots of companies.  We're very pleased with the progress of our technology and data initiatives. Our investments in technology continue to focus on the following areas: optimizing and enhancing our utilization of data and analytics, expanding our digital delivery capabilities around products and services, and engaging in initiatives designed to drive greater efficiency and velocity through our underlying processes. The financial and operational performance for the first quarter was outstanding, and it was driven through the efforts of our 11,000-plus teammates and their commitment to help our customers win.  While there may be some volatility in growth in future quarters, we have good momentum across the business, a highly diversified company, a great team, and we are well positioned for continued profitable growth. I would like to make 1 comment to the analysts during questions that we would encourage you to keep your questions to 2 questions, so we can allow everyone to cycle through. And if you have more than 2, you can get back in the queue. With that, let me turn it back over to Holly to start the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Yes. Well, thanks for the question, Elyse, and we thought it was a really good quarter. So I would say a couple of things. Number one, why did we -- as we stated, why did we have such a good quarter? Number one, we wrote a lot of new business. We did get rate on most of our book and our retention was good. That's the first thing. The second thing you need to understand in Retail is -- and we've talked about this before, but there is a heavy weighting on employee benefits in Q1 of the year. So we don't give, as you know, organic growth guidance. But based on what you have said, those are positive things against the comps in the next 3 quarters. But I don't want you to get ahead of yourself, too.
Powell Brown: And in services, we don't -- we had the winter storms. So if we have more storms, then that could -- but those are the 2 that jump out.
Powell Brown: Yes. Probably easier comp in the second quarter. The question, I guess, that we're at least thinking about is as it relates to the third and fourth quarter, the benefit of rate increase year-over-year, we do think will probably moderate in the back end of the year.
Powell Brown: Okay. So producer retention at Brown & Brown is good, and we're very pleased with that, number one. Number two, as to your comment or statement around people leaving other firms or wherever they're leaving, we would remind you that we have nonsolicitation and nonpiracy agreements that we believe in, we abide by, and we expect others to do that. So if someone were to join us from another firm, we want them to abide by that. And if someone were to leave Brown & Brown, we would expect they would abide by that.  That's the second thing. The merger that you talked about between those 2 large firms, it is, number one, you didn't ask this, but is it going to happen? And the answer is absolutely, I think it's going to happen. But they may have to sell more revenue than they anticipated initially, one. Two, anything that -- time is not their friend. They want to get it done as quickly as possible. And therefore, there continues to be changes and you may read about people that are leaving or considering leaving or whatever the case may be. As it relates to acquisitions, I would like to remind you that acquisitions don't occur on our time line or on a quarterly basis, as you know, Greg. They occur when the sellers want to -- or they come to the conclusion that they're ready to part with what is many times their largest single asset. So it's not just a financial decision. It's an emotional decision as well. So we think that there's going to be plenty of opportunities from an acquisition standpoint. We think that there continues to be lots of change in the market. And what we've tried to do, as you know, is continue to build capabilities at Brown & Brown to enable our producers to be successful, not only to retain their customers, but to write lots of new customers. And so we are very pleased on where we are on that part.
Powell Brown: Well, we don't comment on transactions that haven't occurred or things that -- so what I would say is this. We are always interested in looking at good businesses that we believe could fit culturally and make sense financially. So that's not an exclusive statement around what you just asked, but we are interested in good businesses and -- that fit culturally and make sense financially. So we don't like the term never or always. Those are a little extreme.
Powell Brown: Sure. So Michael, I'm going to make some fairly broad statements, but remember, this would be most applicable to middle and upper middle market accounts, okay? So that's the first thing. So depending on where you are, there are certain areas in the country where we're starting to see it more often than not. So let's say, the Northeast or the Midwest are areas where we're seeing it more commonly than maybe Denver in the Mountain states. And so that's an example. And so I want to clarify exactly what I'm saying because for those of you that have followed Brown & Brown for more than 5 or 6 or 7 years, you've heard this story before, which is the following. Basically, if you have an account, and let's say that account is in the Northeast, and it's a manufacturer or a beer distributor or whatever the case may be, and it has good loss experience. And the incumbent company, whoever that is, wants a 6% or 7% rate increase overall on the account, that would not be -- it could be 3%, it could be 6% or 7%. Let's just say it's 6% for sake of this discussion. If it was possible to take the exact account, something that looked exactly the same, with the exact same loss experience and you submitted it to the market, it's a different name, it's a different account, but it looked exactly the same to the incumbent market that wanted the 6% rate increase on our customer, they would write that. We're starting to see them write that at the expiring rates, okay? So why is that important? I'm not saying that's happening universally across the board. I am not saying -- we're not saying it's happening in every geographic area. But what we're saying is we're starting to see it, and it's not just in 1 area or 1 account. So it may be anecdotal, but it's more broadly spaced than 1 geographic region. We believe that, that is the beginning of -- where you start to see some topping out in certain areas, and you're starting to see that in some of the rate increases because you can't have, let's just use in Florida property, 20% on top of 20% on top of 20%, another 20%. I'm not saying it's not possible, but I'm saying the insured feels like they've been whipsawed. And so we start to have customers that as rates continue to go up, they start thinking about terms and conditions. Terms, meaning do we change our deductible? Do we not buy that excess layer of something? Do we put a bigger deductible on our site -- whatever it is, there's multiple ways to manage cost but it's not just coverage, but it's such a huge issue on how to manage those cost increases.  That also has a tendency to moderate the overall impact of the revenue increase on the account. It's important to note that.
Powell Brown: Well, let's, Mark, remember. We don't talk about the specific impact of new business versus rate. But historically, I want you to know that we've always said, we believe that 2/3 to 3 quarters of the impact is exposure units. Not rates. So that'd be 1/3 -- 1/4 to 1/3 is rate. Having said that, we have said that we wrote a lot of new business in Q1. So I do want to make sure you heard that. We wrote a lot of new business in Q1, and we're happy about that. So having said that, you are tapping on something that is universally applicable across the entire platform and all of the divisions, but specifically Retail, Wholesale and Programs, which is capacity, meaning new capacity. That could be new capacity and liability, new capacity and property, new capacity and professional liability. And so in the first quarter and just like in prior quarters, we do have some very good relationships with carrier partners that have enabled us to win with them, to deliver winning solutions to our customers. And we're constantly and consistently looking for those new solutions. So what worked last year may not work this year, as you know.  So we are constantly searching the marketplace, not just domestically, but kind of worldwide for capacity to deliver either a product, which could be in our Retail space or on a basis of more proprietary product through our Wholesale or Programs space. I hope that answered your question.
Powell Brown: Yes. We've talked about how we see it for sure impacting us on our personal lines, but also on the smaller Binding Authority business. So we believe that carriers in that space continue to reevaluate how they're going to reposition, maybe is the right term, their books of business in places like Florida. That's probably a nice way of saying that there's probably some business that they don't want to be on, and then there's probably some business that they will be on and open up some capacity, hopefully for us as well. So we think that probably balances out. But we don't -- I don't want to give you the impression that -- on the Binding Authority that it's like wide open right now because it is absolutely not wide open in cat prone areas. It's on a more limited basis, and cat capacity is a little bit like gold, as you know.
Powell Brown: Yaron, the answer is yes, as long as they're in the insurance space. I'm making the assumption. I don't like to assume anything, but they are insurance businesses of some sort. But yes, we would consider and we would evaluate them. And if, in fact, they were overseas, obviously, you have to think about regulatory issues and all kinds of other things. But yes, we would be open to consider that. Yes.
Powell Brown: Okay. So Phil, I think that choppiness now would be more specifically defined as in certain industries. So I'll give you an example. You start talking to people in the services industries like restaurants and theme parks and related things you see -- where you're seeing people having a hard time hiring people back. So that business may be choppy. I'm not saying all of them are like this, but that might be 1 example on an extreme end. And on the other side, you might say, if you want to get a contractor, everywhere around the country seems to be -- not in major metropolitan areas -- seems to be off the hook. So homebuilders and all kinds of stuff and the cost of wood and all that other stuff. So having said that, is that statement a correct statement? I believe that, that statement is at face value probably fair. What I would say is this. There is a difference between CEO or business owner confidence level and the way that you see people standing at the outside bar on your way home on a Friday night because the bar that I passed on the way home is packed.  And there's nobody with a mask, not a one, not in sight. And it's outside and everybody is allegedly -- I'd say, apparently, there's no COVID at that bar. But what I'm trying to say is there's still a little gap there. And until we start seeing business owners saying, we're all in, in terms of reinvesting in their business, buying new equipment, doing things like that, we're still not totally there. But do we think it is less choppy? I think that, that's fair. And I also think that it depends on the industry. Certain industries are still just really bumpy. And then others are coming back with vengeance.
Powell Brown: So Phil, thanks for the question. Number one, we don't have regional managers. We have regional leaders. It's just the nuance at Brown & Brown, as you know. And number two, I want to -- yes, I think it's important. We don't have employees. We have teammates. And we don't have managers. We have leaders at Brown & Brown as a clarification. Having said that, I want to assure you this. We've been all in the whole time. So there is no question about the way our team has navigated the last 5 quarters. I can tell you that. And here's the thing. I could not -- and it's not about me, but I could not be more pleased at how our senior leadership team has navigated, what I would say, is one of the most difficult, unusual environments that any of us has ever been in. So having said that, this is different than the Great Recession in 2008, '09, '10, '11, '12. And what I mean by that is there's lot of things that people have had to deal with, different kinds of things as it relates to isolation, about mental wellness, I call it brain health -- we call it brain health and things like that. And so what I would tell you is our teammates are pumped, generally speaking, to come back in the office, to see other teammates and allow them to have a separation of home and work. And so that's a long-winded answer, but we are very pleased how the senior leadership did. We are very pleased about the way they thought about investing, in the way they thought about their businesses during this very difficult time. And equally as important is we're excited about the opportunity for new people to join our team and be large contributors to the progress on our way to $4 billion and beyond.
Powell Brown: Yes. So Mark, here's what we would say. Number one, as you know, in a decentralized sales and service organization, our leaders run their businesses like their own. And so they were very efficient to begin with, number one. Number two, we saw a pretty significant drop-off in T&E, as you have said. And in different businesses, in different parts of the country, we're already starting to travel and see people or they're allowing us to come out and see them. And we anticipate it would be just -- it would be speculative in terms of when we get back to whatever we get to. But what I would say is this. We want to see our customers, and they want to see us. So there is a feeling of desire on both parts to see people. So we think that in some businesses that will pick up more quickly than others. Do we think it will be back to so-called what it was before by the end of the year? I don't know about that. But I think that we're going to see absolutely a pickup. And if, in fact, the COVID vaccination rollouts and COVID in America continues to move in the right direction, meaning not spike or things like that, I think that's going to add to it.
Powell Brown: Okay. Perfect. Well, thank you all very much for your time and questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good day, and good luck.
Andy Watts: Elyse, a couple other things. Elyse, it's Andy. A couple other things to keep in mind is -- and probably important. Look at -- you need to look at the 4 segments independently and don't just kind of throw a blanket over the entire company because the segments are going to perform differently in the back end of the year, more than likely the remainder of the year. Specifically, if you look at National Programs, we had an incredible year for our lender-placed business in 2020. We are expecting growth in 2021, but not at the level that we saw last year. So that will dampen some of the growth in the back end of the year. Again, still have growth, probably just not the level that we experienced in National Programs last year, even in Q1.
Andy Watts: Yes. When we made our commentary at year-end, we said that we anticipated full year '21 to be flat to slightly positive. It was a great Q1 on top and bottom line. We still think that we'll have some margin expansion in '21. We're not going to change any specific guidance for the full year. We got another 3 quarters to go, but we feel good about the business and where we're positioned.
Andy Watts: Perfect. Greg, the -- let's see, on the first one regarding the adjustment that we took in Q1 of last year, again, that adjustment was to reflect what we believe would be the impact to our revenues for the policies that were in effect last year. So as we make it around to Q1 of this year, we're now on a comparative basis with that adjustment. So you would not want to take that $10 million and somehow put it into the equation for Q1 of this year. That would not be an appropriate comparative. Okay.  And then at least as to how we're thinking about the contingents and GSCs, we had a good Q1. We did -- as we've talked about before, if there's normally going to be noise in any quarter, it will normally be the first quarter because that's when we generally receive a lot of our cash for what we accrued in the prior year. So you could either have ups or downs. We had a little bit of year-over-year benefit in Q1, not a tremendous amount. So still, at least on a full year basis, thinking somewhere flat to a little bit up. We still got 3 more quarters to go.
Andy Watts: Yes. That's on -- really on the customer side of things -- I think our comment was. We had mentioned in our earlier discussion that at least business confidence is starting to improve, Derek. At least from what we're seeing today, we would not say that we're "out of the woods" and that business owners across the board, all industries, all geographies are feeling really bullish about their businesses. Some clearly are, and they've had great 2020 years and probably have kicked off well to '21. But there's still a lot of companies that are figuring out how to really get restarted, how much to put back into their investments, when to put it back in. So still probably early days before we say it's wide open.
Andy Watts: Andy here. No, we didn't have any material year-over-year increases that we need to call out. One of the things that we have been talking about over the past year or 2 is where we are on our technology initiatives, the benefits that we're getting from some of those previous investments, those benefits allowing us to redeploy some of that capital into some of our newer initiatives around innovation and the experience for the customer. So we feel really good where we are right now on overall spend.
Andy Watts: Yes. So we got a lot of -- we had a lot of discussions post the fourth quarter. And candidly, it feels like people have read way, way too much into the word choppiness, which was not -- one, not the intent. What we're trying to do is we're trying to just give everybody a feel that -- and we said this in previous quarters. We do not believe that this recovery is going to be linear in nature. We really don't. By the way, it'd be great if it was, but we don't think that's reality. We just think that there's going to be unusual ups and downs, how people are thinking about buying insurance, how they're looking at their renewal dates, et cetera, hiring people back. That's just going to cause things to be different during this recovery than in a normal market. That's all. And that just -- it's just going to need a little bit of time to work itself out. And again, we feel positive about the direction of where things are going. We just try to be a realist that there's going to be some unusual ups and downs every now and then.
Andy Watts: Maybe just a couple of points of clarification, Greg. I don't think we -- what we were trying to do in there was give guidance on the ratio of employee benefits as a percentage of revenue. And so what we are trying to be able to do was to just help everybody understand when they looked at the ratio or when all of you look at the ratio for the first quarter, it looks like it's actually up year-over-year. And we're just trying to give really kind of the 2 components inside of there, what stock comp did, the noncash stock comp, the impact for the first quarter, and we gave guidance of what we thought that'd be for the full year, and then the impact of our deferred compensation cost. Again, that moves up and down, has no impact really on margins in the quarter, but it moves between salary and the benefits as well as OpEx. So we kind of gave that piece up that's out there. So hopefully, that then gives you an idea of what other operating did as well as salaries and related for the quarter.
Andy Watts: Yes. So markets -- the stock comp is about a 100 basis point impact on margins in the quarter as a bad guy. But on a full year basis, we're expecting stock comp to be relatively similar to '20, barring our performance for the following 3 quarters, which may cause us to adjust that up or down.
