Powell Brown: Thank you, Kyle. Good morning everybody and thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings call. I’d like to start on slide 4; we delivered 404.7 million of revenue for the quarter, growing 3% in total and 2.5% organically. Each of our four divisions delivered organic growth again this quarter and our retail division saw continued improvement. We delivered $0.41 per share for the quarter and $0.38 on an adjusted basis, which is an increase of 5.6% over the prior year on that adjusted basis, due to materiality of the acting re-disposable in Q4 of ’14, along with adjustment for non-cash stock based compensation last year and this quarter, we will primarily focus on a discussion of adjusted earnings as believe this provides a more meaningful comparison of the results of our operations to the prior year. Andy will walk you through more detail on the financial slides later in this discussion. In the fourth quarter of ’15 we acquired four agencies with annual revenues of approximately $17 million. Our total for 2015 was 54 million of annual acquired revenue. We continue to look for organizations that fit culturally and make sense financially, while the acquisition market place continues to be very active and prices remain high. For the full year, we delivered 1.661 billion of revenue growing 5.4% and 2.6% organically with growth realized across all divisions.  As part of our capital allocation plan, we invested in new team mates, made a number of acquisitions and bought back our stock which reduced our weighted average share count by 1.9% versus the full year in 2014. Our earnings per share for the year were $1.70 and $1.67 on an adjusted basis through the items noted previously. Andy will describe the underlying performance in more detail later.  I’m now on slide 5, with 2015 in the books and another year without a major hurricane hitting the US, there’s a lot of excess capital out there. Rates for admitted markets generally flat to down 5%. The only exception is for commercial auto that’s flat to up 5%, but that depends on loss experienced on the account.  We continue to see excess and surplus line rates down 5% to 15% with cat property being down the most. Also we didn’t recognize any real impact on premium rates because of the sad 25 basis points increase in the fourth quarter. Generally speaking where it’s very similar to what we saw in Q3. In summary, we view the fourth quarter as a good quarter and as we realized continued improvement in all of our divisions and we’re seeing initial improvements from the retail realignment. We are optimistic about how the company is positioned for increasing organic and profitable growth. Now let me turn it over to Andy, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Powell Brown: Thank you very much Andy, great report. In closing, we remain optimistic about 2016 and the outlook for our businesses. I’m pleased with the improvements we’ve made in ’15 and we’d like to thank all of our team mates for their efforts throughout the year.  We do expect rates in ’16 to remain under pressure and are watching the economy very closely for signs of further expansion or contraction. From an M&A perspective there’s a lot of activity out there. We’ve seen a number of announcements in 2015, maybe the most active year of acquisitions ever.  We can tell you that prices remain high, some at levels that don’t make sense to us. However, we continue to look for partners that fit culturally and make sense financially. Lastly, our disciplined capital deployment strategy across internal investments, acquisitions and return to shareholders remains a top priority to help us drive long term shareholder value.  With that Kyle, I’d like to turn it back over to you to open it up for questions. 
Powell Brown: We’ve been working on technology all along as we’ve mentioned in our comments. We think that at this stage where we are as an organization and as we continue to grow, we need to refresh a few of those around our financial management system as well as in the retail space. Just as any company goes through overtime you just need to do normal upgrades and refreshes on those. So that’s kind of what’s driving that at this time. 
Powell Brown: Well let’s backup and say that as you know, we don’t give organic growth guidance, and I would restate what we’ve said all along which is, we believe that our business is a low to mid-single digit organic growth business over a long period of time particularly in a steady state economy.  I’ve also said that same comment about our retail business, and so once gain as you know, our business is a proxy for the middle market economy. That’s really important. So some others, their businesses may or may not reflect the middle market economy as much as ours do. So once again we are going to continue to grow our business organically and make acquisitions where they make sense, but we don’t give organic growth guidance. 
Powell Brown: Remember, we think that exposure units have the biggest impact on our business versus rates, however if rates fall precipitously then that’s a different story, and right now the only place we’re seeing that is in catastrophic property.  So I think the rate environment was similar in Q3 of ’15 and Q4 of ’15, and so based upon what we’re seeing right now, the area that will continue to have the greatest amount of pressure on it will be catastrophic property because we haven’t had a storm in a long time and people have short memories.  That said, you’d see the carriers are continuing to try to look at getting rate where it makes sense particularly on automobile and personal lines, workers compensation in certain areas of the country as well. But I think based on, it’s a long way to the answer of saying, I think it’s’ more the same based upon what we can see right now.
Powell Brown: Yes. The answer is, our energy exposure is very minimal. We do some business in our retail segments in the Gulf Coast, down in Louisiana and down in the Texas. We do a little bit in wholesale and we do some sustainable energy in some of our larger account segment. But as a general statement compared to the size of the company it’s minimal. 
Powell Brown: Well Elyse this is Powell. We allocate money internally to higher people that are not already in our budget, we’ve talked about that before in our corporate assistance plan. And we anticipate obviously continuing to make those investments this year and year’s going forward.  I think that Andy articulated what he thought the margin impact was going to be for technology specifically in 2016, and so based upon as we see it right now, we are thinking around a normal amount of investment in people and capabilities this year.  But if in fact the right opportunities come along, then we’ll consider those just like anything else. Remember we look at the hiring of people as our teammates are the single most important thing in our company, and so we ended the year right around 8,000 teammates, I don’t have the exact number with me, but right around under 8,000 teammates. And in order to get to the next level and the next level, we’re going to have to acquire, hire, train, retain, reward more high quality teammates. So that’s critical. 
Powell Brown: Elyse, as you remember, we don’t have a stated plan where it says every quarter we’re buying back X amount. We continue to evaluate that versus other options that we have at present or in the near to intermediate future. So you are correct that we finished the ASR and will continue to evaluate all of our opportunities, one of which may be share repurchases, but we have not made that determination yet.  As you know we got a $375 million authorization from the Board in the waiting, so we do have that flexibility. But we will continue to evaluate that versus our other options as well. 
Powell Brown: Coming back to our earlier Elyse, your estimate would be just as good as our estimate on this one. Remember the thing that’s difficult is the industry could be trending one way and our business because of the performance in the individual office could be trending the other way, and conversely it could be going the opposite direction for the companies and we could be going the opposite direction as well. So it’s’ not that easy to say. I’m sorry to say that, I know that frustrates you, but that’s the truth.  And if there’s ever any big items I think similar to how we telegraph what we thought the fourth quarter would be, we’d share those if we have that insight, but we don’t have any additional insight at this stage Elyse. 
Powell Brown: Okay, so let’s start with the M&A market place. Depending on the size of the business and growth and profitability profile, you’re going to see 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 depending on what - and remember I believe that pro forma is a pro forma on the trailing 12 or the projected 12 not the pro forma of the pro forma of 2018. So, our number are a multiple of operating profit or EBITDA might be different than somebody else’s and so they run their models, we run our models.  So, obviously when we look at an acquisition, we look at the talent that comes with it, the capabilities, how that helps us service not only our existing clients if that can expand that capability or bring new capabilities to do something that we don’t already do.  We obviously look at how we view our share repurchase compared to the multiples that are being paid in the acquisition space. We also think about it in financial terms which we don’t disclose, meaning we run our own internal analysis on all that.  But at the end of the day, when we look at it and say what are the opportunities in each of the three areas and where do we want to invest that, and last year as an example we did both. So if you think about the capital management last year, we paid $68 million of dividends, we paid CapEx of about 18.
Powell Brown: 175 and then the remaining on acquisitions. So we felt like last year that was the best allocation of the cash generated by the organization. That does not mean that’s what exactly we’re going to do this year. It means based upon the opportunities that we have, we’ll make those decisions at that time.
Powell Brown: No, I don’t want you to think about that. I think that it’s important to look at this as an incremental spend, meaning it’s on top. If you look at our CapEx spend over an extended period of time, I would say $12 million to $20 million a year barring some large purchase or something. But that’s basically what it’s been overtime. I think you need to think about it in that $10 million s or $12 million or 13 million range additionally a year for the next three years. So Andy is giving you an indication of $30 million $40 million of total spend, and that would be incremental.
Powell Brown: I’m not going to speculate on that Quint, but what I would tell you is, as you know, an All-Risk program is going to be writing property in cat prone areas, places like Florida, Texas, California. And so to that earlier comment that Andy made in his remarks, its already a pretty competitive space. So it’s too early to say, we’re starting that this quarter writing new business. So it’s too early to say. We look at it as a de novo program out of Arrowhead and we are very excited about our teammates and the capabilities and the capacity that we have lined up, but obviously we have to execute on it, so no speculation on growth impact. 
Powell Brown: It was a single event, it was a combination of offices or individuals not meeting certain performance requirements. 
Powell Brown: First of all, it is a good business. It’s lumpy and at the end of the day the investment community doesn’t like lumpy income streams. So think highly of the organization, continue to have a relationship with them, and all of that. But at the end of the day, we were not given credit when it went up, but we were penalized when it went down.  So we decided that it would be best with somebody else, lets’ not measure it that way and we’ll redeploy that money in something that would be more consistent with a consistent revenue stream that we can talk about on the call, and not have to call out every quarter if we miss or not miss, that’s kind of the story. 
Powell Brown: Yeah, we did not touch on it. The answer is it was very low relative to historical levels. It’s a good question, as you know that we looked at a 10 year model and that was roughly around $7 million or $7.5 million of revenue on average. So it was very low, and so that would be another where we were impacted. We didn’t call that out directly, but that is another area that was impacted because of the light storm season. 
Powell Brown: No we didn’t mention that, but remember what we said in Q3 and what I would say now about worker’s compensation is, we didn’t talk about rate impact, we talked more about certain carriers changing their risk appetite. So let me make it simpler, that means, that there are certain places in the state i.e. the Los Angeles where they think the risk profile is different than if you’re outside of Los Angeles. So it’s not too much the rate, it was the change in appetite which impacted our ability either write new business or more importantly renew the business that we already have in that area. 
Powell Brown: Thank you Kyle and I wish everybody a wonderful day and look forward to talking to you again after the first quarter. Have a nice day and thank you.
Andy Watts: Kia, we take a long term view on our business and so we’re not trying to manage quarter-by-quarter on this. We think this is the right thing to do for our organization and therefore if we need to take a short term margin impact, we think that’s okay to make sure that we are ready for the next levels as we continue to grow. 
Andy Watts: Yeah, so that’s why we’ve given the ranges of 35 to 60 on it Kia, and then we gave tighter ranges on 2016. As the program do commence along through implementation, we will be able to start to realize some of the benefits and that’s really what got to our comment as, when we get to the end of the programs, our benefits or our margins will then increase back up to where they were before and increase slightly. So we will be seeking some on the backend. You won’t get all of that on day one because there’s just as within these there’s a little bit of bubble cost that you’ve to go through. 
Andy Watts: And Elyse I’d probably add to that, unless we make kind of, let’s call it step investment at certain stages as we talked about in the second quarter of ’14 earnings call, that was kind of one where we had brought on some investment in certain areas. Those are where you might see impact on margins.  But our comments earlier in the call, that’s why we highlighted the 40 basis points down for the year, and then what’s kind of the two main components of that. So we’re basically flat on underlying margins and that was where we’ve just continued investment in our business.
Andy Watts: And we’re going to step back and let’s talk about philosophy just for a second, because I think this will help you guys is, the way that we are thinking about technology and the implementation of it is, our goal is to be able to basically take it off the shelf as much as possible, configure it to our organization, we’ll customize it where it absolutely has to, because that’s what we believe will provide us with the best long term cost of ownership.  But by doing that, it also means that we need to evaluate what we’re going to buy software or service or in the cloud versus traditional. So one of the things we just don’t know exactly right now is the geography, how much will be expensed versus CapEx inside of there. But the range that I gave you is pretty good one for right now. 
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: And then as we think about ’16, I know you highlighted the hit just from technology about the 40 basis points to 50 basis points. When you look at your underlying book, kind of excluding the technology spend, how you see the margin just ex that 40 basis points to 50 basis points hit. 
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: And then in terms of outlook for capital management, you guys completed the ASR [assist] in January. Just as you think about capital going forward, I know the strategy usually has been to put in new ASR program after the prior one is complete. Can you just kind of talk about the time frame thoughts around putting a new program and capital management outlook for 2016.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: And then lastly, I know you mentioned, it’s too early to have an outlook on contingents. Can you, anything in terms of directionally without giving a phone number if you think 2016 might be a higher or lower than ’15 or can you just at least an outlook for the Q1. 
Quint McMillan - KBW: I just had a question following up on Elyse’s capital management question. More just a philosophical question about how you guys are thinking about return on invested capital here. And if you could sort of help us to understand what the multiples that you’re sort of seeing in M&A land are versus I know that you don’t probably have a specific ROIC target for your own stock repurchase, but how we might be able to think about the different on the ROIC basis if you’re repurchasing your own stock at what it looked like attractive levels versus M&A at maybe whatever multiple 8, 9, 10 times. 
Quint McMillan - KBW: And then you just spoke about the CapEx number. It looks like the CapEx range has been sort of between 10 and maybe a little bit below 20 over the past several years and the technology investment strategy spending that you’re going to be doing won’t be kind of lumped into that. Is the CapEx spend begin to go up meaningfully from where you were in line with what they are spending would be or do you think about this holistically that the CapEx might be more flattish and you’ve just diverted your dollars from one CapEx spend to another. 
Quint McMillan - KBW: Yeah, I agree. And if I can take one last one and I apologies, in terms of what you guys have on the All-Risk program, I know you probably don’t want to speak about specific clients, but is there any sort of qualitative guidance you could give us in terms of maybe what benefit that could have for organic within the programs division or anything that you might want to talk about there. 
