Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. Great report. From an economic standpoint, we continue to believe the economy will improve over the coming quarters. This should drive increased confidence among business owners and how they invest in their companies. A few items we believe will impact the speed and trajectory of the economy are, in no particular order: one, the ability to hire workers in certain industries; two, supply chain issues that continue to constrain production and sales; three, the spread of and response to the delta variant; and four, the impact of inflation. How these play out will influence the bumps in the road to recovery. At this stage, we believe there should be further economic improvement throughout the remainder of '21 and into 2022 but not at the same pace experienced in the second quarter. As a result, we anticipate some moderation of our organic revenue growth during the back half of the year compared to what we delivered in the first half. As it relates to the underwriting process, we continue to anticipate our carrier partners to be competitive for new business and accounts with low losses. We also expect rate increases will be fairly similar to the first half of the year with maybe some moderation. From an M&A perspective, we believe the market will remain very active. There are a lot of companies looking to do transactions, and we feel that we are well positioned with a good pipeline to attract great companies to join the Brown & Brown team. We will continue to follow our disciplined approach of focusing on culture and financial alignment as these have been the key to our long-term success in delivering shareholder value. We've been talking over the last few earnings calls about our technology initiatives and how these are advancing. We're very pleased with our progress and the teams are doing a great job. Our holistic focus is to improve the experience for our customers, carrier partners, and teammates. To achieve this goal, we have prioritized the following areas: optimize and enhance our utilization of data and analytics; expand our digital delivery capabilities around products and services; and engage in initiatives designed to drive greater efficiency and velocity through our underwriting processes. In summary, we couldn't be happier with the financial performance of the second quarter and the first half of the year. The results are just outstanding. Our team is doing an incredible job of leveraging our wide-ranging capabilities to win new customers and retain our existing customers. We're well positioned to continue delivering good profitable growth. With that, now let me turn it back over to Marion for Q&A.
Powell Brown: Good morning, Greg. And thank you for the comment. Number one, I would say that we were probably surprised like many people and the fact that it was not able to come to some sort of conclusion with the DOJ having gone on that long surprised us. Anytime you have a transaction of that size that is in any industry that fails to go forward, there is going to be change in organization. Some people may decide they want to be on different teams. They may decide to go in different direction with different businesses. There's all kinds of scenarios. But from a standpoint of our focus is on our existing customer base and the new customers that we can bring on to our team. And the way you do that is through high-quality talented people that we have 11,000-plus today and we're on our way to the next level in the next level. So I would tell you that we're always looking for good people, and we're always looking and talking to new prospects. And so disruption creates an opportunity. But like I said, you don't wish ill will on anybody, and that was a very unusual dynamic that surprised us.
Powell Brown: Right. Thanks for the question, Greg. As you know, we don't give that level of detail, and I know that's what everybody wants. But what I would tell you is we are writing a lot of new business, period. We do have some customers that are coming back online. That is helpful. You have, in some instances, rate increases. You also have, remember, certain industries that are not coming back online. So I don't want to give you the impression that every industry is coming back online at the same rate and speed as every other industry. And so the restaurant business is just a one perfect example, but I would tell you that we are very pleased with our retention of our existing customers and the amount of new business that we're writing across the system in all of our divisions.
Powell Brown: We didn't really call it out, Phil, from a standpoint of we had a lot of strong performance across all of our Programs businesses. I think in the past we've obviously called out things that have CAT exposure and those businesses continue to perform well, but it was not exclusive to those businesses. We would just tell you that the entire segment performed really well in the quarter.
Powell Brown: Yes. I think your statement, Phil, is true in kind of just at face value. The challenge with that is those people that experienced the toughest time during the downturn are going to have the longest memories relative to the go forward and their confidence and thought process in reinvesting in their business. So I think that your assessment is correct, yes. I also think there are lots of people that are watching. There is this great desire to get out and be so-called normal again and yet now people are watching the delta variant spread very closely and how does that impact their business and/or their hiring. So, we think that the economic or the GDP and expansion in the second half of the year is going to slow down slightly. It will not be like what it was in the second quarter. It doesn't mean it's going negative, doesn't mean anything like that. It's just if you look at all the stuff that we're seeing, it just shows a moderation in the second half of the year. We agree with that. And that's kind of how we'd answer that.
Powell Brown: Sure. So my first comment was specifically directed at commercial properties, not individual homeowners. So what I'm saying is we're seeing a slight tapering of the rate increases that we saw in the late part of the second quarter. The comment about California and Florida is personal lines, homeowners, and particularly certain segments of those personal lines markets. So they could be older homes, they could be lower-value homes, they could be frame construction homes. And in California's case, it could be anything in a brush fire area, all of those types of things. So, what I would say is when you see that range, Mark, there could be a slight wiggle in the range, be it either the bottom or the top end. Don't read too much into that in terms of we just kind of want you to know where the vast majority of those renewals are coming in and the point being is, as we got down towards the end of June, we started to see some renewals with slightly less rate pressure. Did not mean it wasn't up, but those are on commercial buildings. It could include a condo. I mean that's habitational but not a standalone home, like if we had a home in Fort Lauderdale or home in Miami or wherever.
Powell Brown: We're very pleased with how our benefits business has performed this year, and we continue to write a lot of new business, because it's an area obviously that's very expensive, it's complex, it's utilized by the employees of the insured, and we have continued to add capabilities in our benefits area and feel really good about it. So both segments performed really well in Q2. So it's not one over the other. But as it specifically relates to your question, that's how I would answer it. It's performing really nicely.
Powell Brown: I don't think there is something going on dramatically different today. But what I would say is this. We were very pleased with our performance during the first wave of COVID, and as I've said before, I was very pleased at the amount of new business that we wrote over a video conference where we weren't able to meet with the people in certain periods of time. And those opportunities have continued to remain and/or accelerate with people wanting to see us. And so we're out talking to people all over the country, and we just have some really cool opportunities. And so I don't want to give you the impression that there is something different that's going on. It's just we're executing really well.
Powell Brown: Hi. Good morning, Elyse. I know we had said when we started the year and even through the first quarter, flat to up slightly for the year. And you're right, we're up about 210 basis points right now. We feel good where we are for the year at this stage and think that dependent upon how the back end of the year looks that we will have some margin improvement. Don't know exactly where that will come out. We would not anticipate the same level of growth on a full-year basis as what we saw in the first six months just because we know we're going to have to increase in our variable cost in the back end of the year. Again, don't know exactly where those are going to land. We feel good about the back end of the year and probably have some margin expansion. But don't expect it at the same level as the first six months, okay.
Powell Brown: So Elyse, first of all, thank you for recognizing the strong performance in the first half of the year. We appreciate that. And so we're very pleased with 12.1% organic growth. Number two, again, as you know, we don't give organic growth guidance. We have historically said that we are a low- to mid-single-digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. Obviously, there are some unique dynamics that are going on right now in terms of economic expansion and rates and some other things that are helping with that. But we're executing our plan as well as we ever have. So, what I would say is this. We would just ask you to think about the economic indicators that you see out there that we can see when we looked at and/or decided to give that potential moderation in the second half of the year. So whether you look at GDP, car sales, whatever it is that you're looking at, that may give you an idea of kind of how we're thinking around in the second half of the year. But we're not going to give organic growth guidance in the second half.
Powell Brown: Elyse, you know that I couldn't answer that right now because that would be a forward-looking statement. I appreciate your interest, but we're not going to comment on July. But we're going to keep doing what we're doing, which we're going to continue to deliver for our existing customer base, and we're writing a lot of new business. And we've said that we think there could be some rate moderation in the second half of the year. I don't think it's going to be enormous, but it absolutely is going to happen in our opinion, and we're going to continue to invest in the business by looking for acquisitions that fit culturally makes sense financially. But yes, we're not going to comment on what we've seen in the first part of July.
Powell Brown: Well, I think the impact on M&A discussions, if there is something that is driving a discussion differently, it is the potential change in the tax laws as opposed to in the rate environment or the topping of the market or whatever the case may be. So everybody sells, and when they sell and why they sell are for different reasons, but I would say, a very common point that is raised in lots of discussions, that doesn't mean it's the reason but a reason, is the concern that the tax structure may be different next year on businesses that will be sold, and how is that going to be impacted in the U.S. tax structure. So what I would say, Meyer, is this, to your point, we understand that there is a little bit of an environment and economic positive impact, but I do want to make sure that you remember that growing at 14.7% on a $2.6 billion trailing base is a pretty big number. And so I would like to make sure that you and everybody else out there listening understand that I wouldn't want anyone to take that for granted. That is not easy. It is something that we're very proud of, and we've got a lot of things firing on all cylinders. But I would moderate that comment just a little bit.
Powell Brown: Well, I think, there's two ways to look at that. I think there are very high expectations of value. And the interesting thing is how people portray their business going forward, particularly if there is a business broker involved might be very optimistic. A pro forma of a pro forma is not actual numbers. So, we look closely at that. That's how I would answer that question.
Powell Brown: Well, here's the way I would tell you. You aren't going to be able to write on a piece of paper and say, huh, there is the deal. What you're going to be able to see is we're going to implement technology we either bought or developed or both into our systems that make us more efficient and we're going to continue to invest in the business to grow the thing quickly going forward. So what I would try to say is we are going to capture data, we're going to invest in the technology, we're going to make things easier for our teammates and our customers, but we're going to continue to reinvest in the business as well. So we said, as someone said earlier, that we're going to have incremental margin improvement in 2021. We've been very fortunate in the year to date so far. And Andy talked about what we think we're going to see in terms of margins in the second half of the year. But it is part of a long-term game plan to enable us to be more competitive and deliver for our customers. So we're not going to be able to say, here's your deal. We're going to break it out on a line item. We're not going to do that. We're just not going to do it. But we are investing in it, and it's important that you know that. But at the end of the day, we're going to just have to apply that to our customers and they'll be able to see the benefits.
Powell Brown: It's Powell, Michael. And the answer is, do I think we're going to get back to full T&E by the end of the year. I think that's unlikely. But we're starting to see a ramp up, because I can tell you, our customers and our prospects want to see us. And so we are on air planes and trains and automobiles a lot more today than we have been, and I only anticipate that increasing.
Powell Brown: Yes. I don't think so. I think those are two independent things. I think there is a demand in the insurance brokerage space for all sizes as you know. That's number one. Number two, what you see certain firms are interested in acquiring or building more than others large and upper-middle market capabilities, and that could be domestically or internationally for that matter, and some firms have tried to focus on hiring teams, as you know, from large brokers and moving them over. Historically we haven't done that. We have hired people from other firms, and we have acquired people in other organizations that had been at large firms before. And so I think those are two independent things. I do think that any time you have a shakeup in something like this, you combine that with the pandemic and the ongoing issues around the pandemic, I think you have still a lot of people that are evaluating, do I want to be part of this type of organization, whatever that is, or do I want something a little different, and that may create opportunity for entrepreneurial firms like ours. That's the way we look at it.
Powell Brown: Thank you all very much. We look forward to talking to you for our Q3 earnings call. Have a wonderful day, and thank you. Bye-bye.
Andy Watts: Good morning, Greg. It's Andy. So I guess I'll take your question into two pieces. Let's talk about the first six months of the year. So on an as-reported basis, we're at 30.2%. We were 28.3% last year. And keep in mind, last year as part of the pandemic, allowed all companies to defer their tax payments. So we had talked about the fact that we had a $50 million deferral of taxes last year into the third quarter. So it further demonstrates what a great first six months of this year that we had. That is primarily driven out of the incremental margins and the growth that we've had in the first six months of the year. We manage our working capital very tightly, have always for many years. As it relates to the back end of the year, we'd anticipate it probably would not be at that same high level just because of the phasing of the business between the first and second half of the year, but we still anticipate it being good.
Andy Watts: Hey, Phil, the other thing that we mentioned in our comments, and this is as you talk about the haves and have-nots, the have-nots of those industries that were most impacted over the past 15 to 18 months, one of the areas where they are challenged and, hopefully, this again will work itself out over the coming quarters is their ability to hire workers. And so that's just going to take a while for that to work itself through the system for them to get back in there. And that's why we've made the comment about a little bit of a governor right now as to how quickly things can recover.
Andy Watts: And Elyse, a couple other things just to keep in mind as you're thinking about the back end of the year versus the first half of the year. Keep in mind that we have a higher weighting of employee benefits to the first half of the year and that grew very well for us. We're very, very pleased with the performance there. The second, and we were talking about this last year, is our lender placed business had just an outstanding 2020 performing well again this year, but the year-on-year comps are going to be extremely challenging. They probably realistically will not grow at the same amount they did last year. So that's just going to make the second half of the year just more challenging to grow over that. So just kind of keep those in mind as you're thinking about kind of weighting on the full year.
Andy Watts: And Meyer, it's cutting across all of our segments. So again, if you're not going to just see retail or wholesale jump by X on either top line or bottom line. It's something that's just going to naturally organically happen over time in all the segments. But it's one of the key priorities for us.
Andy Watts: Yes. So Mark, we were talking about this last year. And again, it's kind of a trend that we see that just happens over different cycles where the Social Security Administration will either accelerate the processing of a number of cases that we have submitted in there and they did that back in the '17, '18, a little bit of '19. Then what happens is then they constrain the number of lawyers that they have in their reviewing cases those slow down over time. And then it'll kind of work back out. You've probably seen the announcement that the previous director is no longer with the administration and they're looking to put a new one in. So that will, again, cause some changes up there. It is a cycle. We'll kind of work through it and then hopefully the amount that we've been submitting in there will get processed over the coming year. It does take a while. It just doesn't turn back on like a faucet overnight. We've got really good inflow into the business. We just can't get the output from SSA, and that's where we anticipate headwinds at least for the back end of the year, and then we'll have a view as to what it looks like for '22 when we get some more road covered.
