Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy for a great report. Overall, it was a good quarter even with a number of moving parts relating to Hurricane Ian. We're very pleased with how our team is performing and have good momentum as we continue to win more new business and retain our existing customers. Regarding Hurricane Ian, there's still a number of unknowns that will play out over the coming months. The first will be the ultimate losses incurred by carriers and how these will impact the reinsurance programs. Second, there's uncertainty around how state plans will react. Based on the severity of losses, it will influence the 1/1 reinsurance treaties and pricing for all CAT exposed property. Capacity for commercial and residential property is going to become even more constrained driving rates and deductibles even higher. For all other rates, we're expecting increases to be relatively consistent for the next couple of quarters. From an economic standpoint, we expect the Fed will continue to increase interest rates in order to cool the economy and reduce inflation. We will see how this plays out and what the ultimate impact on economic growth will be. We are well positioned to help our customers manage their risks and cost of insurance as a result of our broad capabilities. We wanted to reiterate how pleased we are with our international expansion. Our MGA in Canada is performing very well. Our retail business in Ireland is firing on all cylinders, and our recently completed acquisitions of BdB and GRP are well positioned for future growth. While still in the early days for GRP and BdB, we feel very good about this cultural alignment and along with their leadership teams and how we are all working together. While acquisitions this quarter were down in the industry, we do not see an overall long-term decline in brokerage M&A even with the prospects of an economic slowdown. However, with increasing interest rates, we may see private equity sponsors adjust the multiples they're willing to pay. As usual, we're well positioned with a good pipeline and are talking with lots of companies. We will maintain our disciplined approach as it's worked well for many decades. In closing, we feel good regarding how well our team is positioned and executing. We're attracting and developing talent and are investing in our capabilities for good long-term profitable growth. Based on our momentum over the first-nine months, we anticipate delivering a good fourth quarter and strong top and bottom line results for 2022. With that, let me turn it back over to Laura for Q&A.
Powell Brown: Okay. Thanks, Michael. So let's talk about -- remember, if you think about some of this could be in CAT prone areas versus all other. So let's make sure we're clear on that in terms of a property or might casualty could be affected similarly in these areas as well. But if what we're trying -- what we're seeing is if your umbrella, as an example, went up to a very, very high level in the last quarter or two or three, meaning the premium went up substantially, then what they may have done is by a smaller limit of liability. So if they bought a $25 million umbrella before, they might have bought a $15 million or $10 million. That same lower limit might cost the same amount as they paid last year. Okay, that's the first thing. The second thing is -- and we haven't gotten there yet, but we're proposing or speculating that there are going to be places, particularly in the near term, near term defined as three, six, nine months where property rates will go up substantially due to the storm impact. And so as you may know, the governor in the state of Florida has called a special session in early December to talk about the property environment among other things, and how companies can, one, get off policies here if they can, or they may be given more direction on pricing and terms and conditions. But as you know, in the non-admitted market, it's freedom of rate and form. And so a lot of things in Tier 1 counties are in that category. So it's a little bit more of we're in a wait and see. We want you to be aware of it. We have seen it already on casualty. We think that it could also play out in property. There are also potentially scenarios in the property market where they will not be able to buy the entire limit. And we haven't gotten that yet, but I mean we're seeing indications of that where a market that provided a full tower, the entire total TIV we'll now say that we only want to provide $10 million or $25 million. And so that means the rest of the market either has to come in and support it or they may not decide to support it, and they may have to buy something less than the total limit. So it's early days, Michael, on that.
Powell Brown: Okay. So why don't I start with rates and exposures. Greg, as you know, we've historically said that our business is kind of a reflection of the middle and upper middle market economy. And historically, it's been two-thirds exposure units, one-third rate. That's a very kind of good model. And what I would say to you is, I'm not going to say that it's vastly different than that now with certain exceptions. When you get into offices that write a lot of CAT prone property, that could be in Texas, that could be in Louisiana, that could be in Florida, that could be up the coast in the Carolinas, those offices particularly and there's some seasonality in terms of the amount of property that are written in certain quarters, as you know, you don't have a lot of property written in wind season. They try to move it out of it. But you could have a bigger impact of rate in those offices. But you could compare Fort Lauderdale, Florida with Nashville, Tennessee, and Nashville, Tennessee would be the opposite direction. So it would be less than a third in rate. So there's a little bit of a balance. So again, I can't tell you exactly the amount, Greg, but it's a little more than a third now, but it's not as much as you might think.
Powell Brown: Yes. That's correct. So rate, I don't think is -- what I'm trying to say ism I don't think rate is half, but I'm saying in certain offices, it could be half.
Powell Brown: Greg, I want to point out one thing that I know you've already thought about and everybody else on the call, but there are some very large numbers that are being tossed around in terms of total loss. And I know that you know there's a difference between the total loss and the total insured loss. And so one of the things that we're seeing in the impacted areas is we're seeing a number of homes, as an example, that are damaged by flood where they weren't technically in a flood zone and many of those people don't have flood insurance. So I just mentioned that because when Andy and I are saying we aren't clear on the impact, I don't think anyone is clear on the impact because of what losses are actually insured losses yet. So we're in that process.
Powell Brown: Okay. So Robert, I think that the probability is low, but it is a possibility. So you're tapping on something that is possible. What I would tell you is in 2007, our then Governor, Charlie Crist, who is running for reelection right now against currently Ron DeSantis, our existing or sitting Governor, he took the market of last resort in Florida, the Citizens Property Insurance Company and made it the most competitive market in the state of Florida. That, in turn, had a -- it was a headwind for us in 2007. That said, there are more policies in Citizens today. Citizens is backstopping some of the Florida takeout companies today. We don't know what the loss picture of Citizens is today in terms of surplus that will be exposed. And so the answer is, is it possible? Yes. I think it's a low probability. What -- knowing that you don't live -- I don't think you live here in Florida, but there's a unique dynamic going on in Florida right now, which is we have a gubernatorial election that will happen on the 8th of November. You have a president -- a governor who has aspirations beyond the state of Florida. And he is going to try to continue to manage the property market for the benefit of the customers in Florida in a difficult scenario. So there will be lots to watch in probably the coming short weeks and months. But we're not -- like I said, I think it's a low probability. The other thing that I want to make sure that everybody knows is in 2007, the percentage of Florida business overall for Brown & Brown was substantially higher than it is today. We've talked a lot about being a very diversified now more international company. 12% of our revenues going forward will be international. And I would say around 15% of our business is in Florida. And so -- and not all of that is property. So I want to make sure that the impact then was different than the impact today. Also, not only are we more diversified, but our capabilities are much more enhanced today than they were 15 years ago. So our ability to work with complex property schedules and bring even more effective solutions to our customers and our prospects, I think that we're very well positioned. So thanks for the question.
Powell Brown: Yes, so let's start with saying that I think if you're going to make a broad statement, you -- we are seeing increased medical claims post-COVID in all sizes of accounts. It could be a group of 12 people, it could be a group of 120 people or it could be a 12,000 life group. You're seeing more -- so there were delayed medical services that are being -- there's like a catch-up. That's the first thing. The second thing is, no, it's not as easy as, let's say, P&C. So remember, in small group, let's call it, broadly defined as under 100 lives on an insured plan that's fully insured, those are many times paid on a per employee per month. So if you add another employee, you would get new -- you would get additional commission. But the increase in the price of the overall plan does not impact our revenue growth. That's number one. Number two, there are lower commissions because the premiums are higher as a percentage on fully insured and in some instances, a self-insured business, from 100 lives and up. And then there are certain segments of our business where it's a fee-based above in the really large accounts. Typically, it's a fee-based for services rendered. So that's how I would see it. And the health plans that we see, which we see a lot of them all around the country, there's regional nuances about how people consume health care. They think about health care, they think about the plans they want in health care and so all of that drives expense.
Powell Brown: And the other thing that you said, Elyse, about organic growth, any additional capacity that we get can translate into organic growth in our programs. So whether that's our captive provided capacity or additional capacity from a risk bearer, either one of those translates into organic growth for the program and the -- and it would be reflected in National Programs.
Powell Brown: Okay. We can’t hear her. Can we go ahead and put the next person into the queue for questions, please.
Powell Brown: Sorry, Mike, we don't. It's too hard to estimate. What we're just trying to do is we're trying to be very mindful of the insured losses that are impacting one, our customers, and two, as we hear of other large losses, how that may play into the mix in the market. But no, we don't have an estimate there.
Powell Brown: Sure, Mike. The way I want you to think about it is this, it is, first of all, limited to two of our national programs currently. Those are a wind facility that writes countrywide and an earthquake facility, which is predominantly in earthquake areas, which is really California and the West Coast predominantly. And having said that, we have an enormous amount of data on those two programs. And so the answer to your question is, yes, national, currently restricted to two facilities, quake and wind. We have a lot of data on them and feel really good about the participation and how they are operating. And as Andy said, in light of the losses that we've called out in this quarter, we still don't believe that we will lose money on our captives this year. So again, it's a very limited amount of risk that we're taking, and it has helped us build additional capacity to grow and support those two programs, which has performed really well.
Powell Brown: Yeah. So again, as you know, we don't track the -- we don't disclose organic growth in the first year of an acquisition. However, it is performing in line with what we anticipated, number one. I would be remiss, if I didn't say that they've got 10% inflation in the UK. So we're very mindful of that and how that's impacting salaries and related for insureds or even our teammates and related. But as you know, they have had a lot of excitement in the last 6 weeks to 8 weeks there relative to the Prime Minister, and now they have a new Prime Minister. So there's a lot of speculation on what will be done to help curb the impact on small and medium-sized businesses. in the UK, and we're waiting to hear what the new Prime Minister will obviously say about that. But yes, we're starting to see an impact, but the growth and the performance of the business is in line with what we've thought.
Powell Brown: Okay. So remember, we do not own a reinsurance brokerage operation, okay? So there might be some other firms that you follow that have reinsurance brokers. But I'd like to kind of give sort of a 101 on the process. So there is reinsurance for reinsurers. That's called retrocessional, the retro market. And there is a lot of speculation that there's 20 billion plus of shortfall in the retrocessional market for reinsurers. That's the first part. Then reinsurance is sold typically through reinsurance brokers to primary carriers, and the reinsurance carriers are currently saying, as you probably already know, that they're looking to -- their rates may go up to 50% and their attachments or their retentions could double. So if you have a 1/1 reinsurance renewal, and you're a primary carrier, which you can pick anyone you want, I would guess that the reinsurance renewal would go deep into December before they finalize everything because of the disruption in the marketplace. That's how I -- that's how we would want you to think about it.
Powell Brown: Right. I mean, first, Mark, this is why we're in the insurance business, which is to serve our customers after a loss, particularly a covered cause of loss. And so there's a lot of working through complex claims issues on their behalf to get their claims settled not only fairly but as quickly as possible. That's the first thing. The second thing is, in an environment, which you might describe a little bit as chaotic, there creates great challenges and great opportunities. And I put that kind of in one big bucket. So what do I mean by that? You're going to have existing customers that are going to be impacted by rate increases and deductible increases. And then you're going to have lots of new business opportunities because there will be other firms that are not able to think about the -- or provide the most creative solutions or that might translate into, in some instances, the most affordable solutions. So I'm not trying to avoid your question, but what I'm trying to say is, in this environment, I would describe it as a potential positive overall, yet it comes with an enormous amount of work. And so that's additional stress on our teammates, stress on our customers, stress on the carrier partners we're dealing with in order to kind of deliver for them. But yes, I think you're thinking about it the correct way. And it's not a -- this is not a Florida-only thing. I want you to keep that in mind. This is a coastal thing. This is a CAT property thing. This is things that people think about differently. How do losses and win impact the way carriers think about quake? And you might say, well, they're totally unrelated. And the answer is, technically, they're unrelated, but they're still in a portfolio of risk that people assume. And if you haven't had a quake loss in a long time, then one day, there will be a quake. So I want you to please remember, first of all, we feel really good about our capabilities as a company, where we're positioned, the way we've invested in the business and our alignment with our entire leadership team. That said, it's not a Florida-only challenge. This is -- we're going to see this in lots of different places. So thanks for the question, Mark.
Powell Brown: Yaron, I'd like to add one final thing as we wrap up. I know that was your last question, but I think it's important that we're very consistent in what we said over long periods of time. Number one, we don't believe one quarter starts to trend. So that's number one. Number two, we don't focus on although we report quarter-to-quarter results, we focus on performance over more of an extended period of time, like years. And so as Andy said, and I've alluded to in my remarks, we're positive. We are finishing. We believe we will finish in a very good place at the end of the year, particularly under the circumstances, both from a growth standpoint and a margin standpoint. We acknowledge that the economy is going to continue to have pressure and headwinds because the Fed will increase rates. But we're very optimistic about our business, and most importantly we have great capabilities and better yet great teammates. And so our teammates are doing their very best to deliver for our customers and those that were affected in particular but all over the country and overseas. And so we appreciate everybody's time. We apologize for the slight delay or mix up in the beginning, and we look forward to talking to you all in January. So Laura, thank you very much, and have a wonderful day.
Andy Watts: Yeah. So let me clarify a couple of things just to -- on this one. So one of the -- in our prepared comments, we said that we're anticipating, we're going to reduce our estimated accrual in the fourth quarter by about $4 million for contingent commissions. And then the $15 million that we have adjusted in the third quarter. Keep in mind, that's for the nine months, that's the year-to-date impact. So somewhere in the range of about $12 million or so was for kind of the first-six months of the year.
Andy Watts: Yeah. So on the contingents, we made this comment earlier. I think one of the items that we don't know right now is depending upon the severity of and the total losses on some of the programs that we have. They've got -- they have a carryover calculation inside of them. That may, as a result, lock us out of earning contingents in '23. We don't know yet. I just want to get that out on everybody's radar. We'll know more over the kind of the next quarter, potentially into the next two quarters once they do calculations, we let some of the dust settle on this thing. But at least have an idea as to what the impact was for '22. So if it all got knocked out for '23, it would be in a similar range.
Andy Watts: Well, let's see if we can go through a few of those. We didn't break all these down in granular detail for it, Greg. But I know we talked about seasonality in some of our recent acquisitions. And as we mentioned in previous calls, we'd anticipated the revenues and profit would be relatively even across all the quarters, but again, didn't know exactly how that will fall. We still feel really good on a full year basis for all the acquisitions. They're going to have little bit of movement, so that had some impact during the quarter. So again, we took that into consideration when making our comment about the full year and the fourth quarter. We did have some timing just on when some expenses got recorded during the year. And those can always just kind of move around by quarters based upon performance and when people are hitting individual tiers inside of there. Again, it doesn't really change the full year perspective, but it would be around the quarters for us. And then we just had a number of kind of miscellaneous one-time items out there. Again, we normally don't break one-time items out unless they're really big in nature. But when we kind of look at those we felt good with the underlying performance on the business for the quarter and what it looks like for the fourth quarter and for the full year.
Andy Watts: Yeah, Rob. Keep in mind when we make the comment and they're also that includes pharmacy cost and pharmacy costs are probably not in all cases, but in many cases. They're actually outpacing health care costs today because of specialty drugs that are in there. So it would not be uncommon to see pharmacy costs running in the double-digits on increases year-over-year. So you have to kind of take that into consideration when looking at the overall structure of the plan and the pricing of the plans.
Andy Watts: Yeah. Good morning, Elyse. Yeah. It would a few of those items inside there. So part of it would be the seasonality of the business on some of the recent acquisitions. There's also just a seasonality of the amount of property that we place in the fourth quarter. So you saw that coming through in retail. And Powell mentioned that earlier, just significantly less in the third quarter, which would make sense with hurricane season that's out there. And then we just have kind of normal timing of expenses throughout the year, some of them we had in the fourth quarter last year, some of them this year. So when we put all that together, we feel really good about the outlook for the fourth quarter on the organic and profitability. That's where it got us back to reaffirming the guidance.
Andy Watts: It is. So see if we can -- the way you want to think about those leases, it's difficult to look at them on a quarterly basis. Because what we're doing is -- and you're right, we are participating in the underwriting risk to an extent. It's very limited in nature, and it does help us drive organic growth across our wind and property programs. So when there are events, you're going to see kind of the ups and downs in the business. So it could be if we had a quake in Q1, we record losses and nothing else during the year, then we would have higher margins in the business. So we try -- we need to look at those or we look at those on a 12-month basis and feel really good with the programs and the growth coming off of them, as well as projected profit. But we're not in a situation where we're actually losing money. So I just want to clarify. We're not losing money. It's just -- we recorded losses in the quarter for the captives, but they're right in line with what we expected.
Andy Watts: Yeah. I was just going to say, Elyse, when you look at the program's growth for this year that is part of what's giving us the incremental organic growth. We would not expect to get as much incremental growth off of the captives next year just because it's a first year start-up and then we get into next year, we'll have a little bit of additional premium and probably some rate inside of there. So that will moderate some of the growth in National Programs going into next year.
Andy Watts: Yeah. It's down a little bit because of where FX has moved. So from the previous numbers that we had talked about and again, the FX rates are moving around quite a bit, they are down I think, about 8% from where we were before. We'll see what it plays out in the fourth quarter for us, and they may go back up into that range. So one of that -- I guess, a little bit of the challenge is why we're trying to break these out, because we haven't made a lap all the way around. It's hard to call out what the actual FX year-on-year is because there is no year-on-year FX right now. It's just based upon what we estimated. So if you want to use some 8%, that probably seem fair for right now. More likely it's going to move in the fourth quarter, and we'll try to give color on that at the end of the quarter.
Andy Watts: Yeah. And Mike, just keep in mind, when we do these many of the programs there or relationship with one carrier or maybe a couple of carriers. So it's not like these are spread across 50 carriers, so you could take a broad-based industry approach. This is very focused. That's why so we just need to see how this plays out over the next 90 days to 180 days and then we'll have a much better view. It's just -- it's so hard to tell right now.
Andy Watts: Yeah. It's probably at least a reasonable start. More than likely, you want to probably put some sort of an adjustment for inflation in there just because of what the cost of field adjusters are today versus what they were a couple of years ago. So probably want to haircut that a little bit.
Andy Watts: Yeah, Mike, because of the potential volatility by quarter, that's why we want to call out the $11.5 million. Let's just -- if you play forward a scenario, let's say there's no weather-related events in the third quarter of next year, then you're going to see the profitability margin jump up from what we saw this year. Same thing could happen in Q1, if there's a quake. So that's why we thought it's helpful to break it out by the quarter. So you'll have an idea kind of from a quality standpoint on how to adjust those. We figured that there's going to be some sort of events throughout a year. So that's why we say it's working almost exactly the way that it's modeled. We did a tremendous amount of work on this one.
Andy Watts: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, Weston. Andy here. Maybe give a -- maybe just a little bit of perspective on the organic growth by the quarter. So if we look back to last year, on retail, we were 9.8, 17.6, 8.3 and then a 9.5. So it does move around between the quarters. And some of that is the seasonality in the business. Looking at it year-over-year, at least from the quarter is that's probably more impacted by the dealer services versus the consecutive quarter, Q3 versus Q2. That was much more the seasonality of the property.
Andy Watts: Yeah. Good morning, Meyer. That would be offset in revenue within the profit sharing contingent commissions. [Technical Difficulty]
Andy Watts: So we didn't break out the amount of the accretion from them. They were positive on EPS, which we anticipated that they would be. And so that was in our comments that we made, Mark, that they're kind of right in line with what we thought for their first, I'll call it, 90 days, quite exactly 90 days but pretty close for both of those. And then we've obviously got the cost of the debt and the amortization. But the businesses are doing well for us.
Andy Watts: Good morning, Yaron. Probably get spread over kind of the fourth quarter of this year and then first and second of next year? So it does get kind of spread over the three quarters. And again, it's not anything that is super material, as we talked about before, it does move around a little bit. So it's not like we're going to lump it all into the fourth quarter, all into Q1 if it kind of spread out.
Andy Watts: Yeah. I think that's probably a fair comment that it's across both of the businesses, a little bit more accentuated in wholesale because of the property.
Andy Watts: No. What we were saying is, if we -- on a full year basis, we think down slightly to up slightly, which is the same guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year, Yaron, that includes the losses that we recorded on the captives as well as adjusting the contingent commissions. So if you were up to you so inclined, if you want to back those out and look at it separately, then obviously, the margins look better, but we just try to look at it all in total.
