Powell Brown: Great thanks Andy great report. If you go to page 13, I wanted to talk a little bit about the anticipate closing of Wright in the second quarter and wanted to just take a moment to remind everybody as we talked about earlier in the year, this is comprised of three businesses, the largest business being the flood business that the NFIP and that is where we had, this is a Wright Your Own Flood Company. That’s roughly $71.5 million of revenues in 2013 you’ve read a lot about flood and Biggert-Waters specifically and rates either going up down or sideways more specifically up and then coming down. I’d like to just take couple of moments and make a couple of comments about that arena. As a whole if you look at the flood business in America; 70% of those flood policies have a mortgage on them, 20% of all total policies written are subsidized somewhat and 2% of all of the policies outstanding are what I call super subsidized. Having said that Biggert-Waters, as you know was in an account to move the rates to actuarially sound levels over a several year period. What they have done is limited the ability to move those increases up and in the budgets for our estimations, nothing was incorporated into the plan going forward about the repeal of Biggert-Waters or Biggert-Waters when it was passed. So, we believe the projections for the first year acquisition are still reasonable. I'd also say that we have two other divisions, one being a public entity and program services arena as we talked about it, primarily works with insurance reciprocal administration and then the specialty division which develops national programs very similar to our National Programs inside of Brown & Brown distributes them across a network of agents across the country. Aqualine is currently awaiting approval from the New York State Insurance Department relative to the closure of this transaction. Having said that, I'd like to call on Andy to just review the revenues and earnings flow projected for the first year for Wright.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. To summarize the quarter, we believe we are well positioned to grow organically but continue to face the market that’s under pressure or moderating rates. That means it really come down at selling new business and continuing to retaining all of our existing clients. I am very pleased with our new credit facility and the capacity offers. As you notice Andy started on the first part of March and we got him right into it. So we has been busy with a lot of other team mates here at Brown & Brown. This facility it’s going to help us capitalize upon good acquisition candidates when they present themselves. I know you will ask me about our acquisition pipeline, so let me address that too as I like to say the acquisition pipeline is good and we don’t believe that it’s done until it’s done. So until we announce transactions and close on them, don’t believe that but we have lots of activity. And I also want to reaffirm our outlook for organic growth excluding the impact of Colonial Claims for the year to be 4%. So Joseph I would like to now turn it back over to you to open it up for Q&A.
Powell Brown: Well, like I said it isn’t done until it’s done Sarah, but we feel good about the business and the team mates that we have in place the new business that we are working on and the relationships that we have with our existing clients. And so we did give that at some usual as you know last quarter as a guidance for the year but we do believe that that is still our growth target for the year.
Powell Brown: Sarah, as you’ve heard me say, as we as an organization continue to evolve we're trying to grow the business organically and profitability. And as you saw this quarter and Andy broke it out, we have some seasonality in the expenses incurred in one of our retail areas. And so we're going to do everything that we can to expand our margins, but do it by growing our business. We want to grow our business organically and profitability. So, we are endeavoring to do so. But like I said, in the past it was said that overnight or what’s going to happen, we're going to drive the margins up to historic levels. I have been more cautious in saying that as we continue to acquire businesses strategically and add them to Brown & Brown that we're going to maintain and try to expand slowly the margins going forward.
Powell Brown: Yes. And Michael if I could elaborate a little on that, as you've heard us say before, I believe that when we grow the business organically there are opportunities to expand our margin. However, there are also equal opportunities for us to invest in our business to grow the business organically. So, we're not trying to operate in a steady state. So there might be expenses that would be incurred in an individual office, the higher more people, producers and otherwise that would enable us to grow the business further in the future. So it's always a balancing act, as you know. But we have said historically we standby that is when you have organic growth, you can have margin expansion, it just depends on what kind of investments we made in that quarter or that part of the year.
Powell Brown: No, no. Don’t read into that, that’s just me making a broad statement, that’s not a correlation between this quarter or otherwise. I am just basically saying that that could be one of the reasons.
Powell Brown: Well remember Michael; number one, I want you to know that Beecher is, as you remember, three components. There is the programs component, which was on point. There is the middle market retail component, which is predominantly in the states of Oregon and Arizona and operation in Mississippi. And then there is a large accounts area. So that’s kind of the three parts of the business. We did specifically try to breakout for everybody, the seasonality of the revenues and large accounts because there is not such seasonality in the rest of the business. And so what we’ve tried to say is that on a somewhat steady state expense level throughout the year when you have $12 million of revenues in Q1 and you have $21 million in Q2, you do have an earnings variation or lumpiness to it. Having said that, as I said earlier, we are going to go through and make sure that everybody understands what we’ve bought and what we’ve said we were going to do and how that all worked out after Q2 and then that’s going to be part of the business. So it will be just part of retail just like everything else. But to the extent that we need to give further definition around something that’s lumpy, we are going to need to give a little -- we’d like to give a little thought to that and maybe get back to you.
Powell Brown: Hey Elyse good morning. And what I would say is, as you know, we don’t typically give internal growth guidance. Although we did give an overall guidance from a budget standpoint of the 4% that 4% was not broken out by division. And I’ve said before and I’ll, I know I’ll say it again in the future is that we believe that each of our businesses operate in a band and that band can typically be trending up or trending down. And we have been in an upward trend baring the performance last quarter. And as we’ve said, we thought that that was a one-off situation, which as I said, we did improve or rebound from that nicely. So we have said historically that we think that retail, the business in retail is a low to mid single-digit organic growth business. So that’s the guidance if there is such a thing that we would give you, but we don’t give specific guidance by quarter. And some of that as you know is driven by the economy in the middle market and our ability to right lock the new business, which we’re very capable of doing and I am very pleased with what we’re doing and specifically retaining the existing clients that we have, which is so important.
Powell Brown: Yes. No, Elyse. Thank you for the question. I would tell you that we continue to put clients on to our exchange, we have roughly 20 clients on the exchange and maybe 2,100 roughly people on to that exchange. The transaction in our business as you know, there is lots of firms that could be in the space, which could be deemed the competitor on one segment and a trading partner in another segment. We obviously watch those very carefully and they have assured us that the information that is in the exchange will be kept private as you would expect for a whole bunch of reasons. But at the present time, we’re comfortable with that relationship. We also as we’ve said, think that the exchange is an option, it is not the option. And so as we go forward and we look at the exchanges as an option for all of our clients, some of them could be small, some of them could be large. We’re going to continue to look at ways to invest in that type of -- those type of capabilities to continue to prepare us and better prepare us going forward. But we think that we’re going in the right direction. I’m very pleased with it.
Powell Brown: No. Well, let me back up for just a second. We had a couple of businesses, Adam; it’s just like anything else. We had a couple of businesses that didn’t hit their budget for the quarter, and we had some that exceeded their budget substantially. So remember what you have seen and the organic growth and programs over the past couple, let’s say 18 months as you’ve had the impact, a very positive impact of one, the automobile after market program coming and to two, the Everest program coming in.
Powell Brown: The answer is, that’s a fair assumption, I think that if you are going to put it by industry type, I think you would say, think about it, quarters or big dates. So July is a big date. Number two, a lot of public entity business renews in July, either July or December actually. But as it relates to cat property, if you are asking on a seasonality of business and programs and wholesale, I am not going to tell you that there is some huge like bell curve lump in the bottom of the summer because a lot of people want to move their ex-dates out of wind season. So, if you think about it, when is the awareness the highest in the underwriting community, it starts in about May 1st and it goes until November. So, you could make the argument that you would want to move your effective date if possible outside of wind season, so they would look at it slightly differently. But there is a lot of business that renews in the summer anyway. So, there is not a huge lump like if you are looking for a lump in there, that’s not the case.
Powell Brown: Arrowhead is doing great, we are really happy. We are really pleased with the team Chris Walker, Steve Boyd and Steve Bouker and all the rest of the team out there. So we have got some good stuff going. So we have been very pleased with the investment, it’s grown nicely, and we expect there to continue to be other opportunities in that operation. So we are very pleased with it.
Powell Brown: The answer Adam is depending on the part of the country, you might see that, yes. So I have always -- I was reading in the Wall Street Journal last week, there was an article about the development in Miami. So anybody that’s been to Miami recently, sees a lot of towers being constructed. I didn’t realize, there is 50 new towers going up, that’s just mind boggling. And so now, there is a boom in bust cycle that has always occurred in Miami as we all know as well. You take that and you compare that with Naples and Naples is still very slow, we’ve talked about that before. And so depending on where you are in the country, we are seeing flat to slight upticks in audit premiums, particularly on contractors. And so whether you did it in Phoenix or you did it in Northern California or you did it in upstate New York, you are seeing a little of that. But it depends on the region specifically.
Powell Brown: Remember, just let’s talk about that. The issue in Q3 that we talked about was the senior leadership of this organization are sales people that’s good, we are sales people, and they were very focused consummating a transaction with the right party, right party being us. So they were not able to dedicate as much time and energy to the new business production, so that was where that miss was on the topline and the resulting bottom line miss in Q3. Every quarter since then, I mean in Q4 and Q1, they have met or exceeded the topline revenue targets and bottom line for that matter for the most part in Q4 and Q5, I mean Q4 and Q1.
Powell Brown: No, remember the only thing if you want to call a seasonality component is remember their big quarters are two and four and their smaller quarters are -- and that’s simply when the business has been written, that doesn’t mean that in a year from now, we couldn’t write more business in Q1 and Q3, I don’t know that, but I’m just saying if there is nothing more than the fact that the two big quarters are two and four.
Powell Brown: But that’s because we missed the revenue. So, but I think because the expense base is relatively flat, the margins and correspondingly the EPS impacts.
Powell Brown: No, no. the implication was not an acquisition standpoint. What I'm saying is that we feel really good about the partnerships that we have with our carrier partners and programs. And what that opportunity exists is to either expand an existing program or create new programs of which we are always evaluating and talking to our carrier partners about. So, remember Mark if you think of us as a virtual insurance company for a moment, we are not the risk bearer, we never ever knowingly or unknowingly want to bear risk. Knowing that then, there are scenarios where carriers think that we can do it and we can prove to them that we can do it more efficiently in some instances than they may or in a segment we may have more expertise than they. And so we're very, very pleased with the entire platform, it's not an arrowhead comment, it's an entire Brown & Brown programs comment. So, everything in Brown & Brown programs in Tampa, everything in the Midwest, all over the country, all of our programs put together we feel really good about.
Powell Brown: Okay, that’s a great question, Mark. And the answer is, I don’t know. And so, I don’t mean to be funny, but I am going to say this, those two scenarios were both very unusual, very pleasantly unusual, but very unusual. And they are working out nicely for us and nicely for the risk-bearer. That does not mean that we won’t talk to other people about that possibility, but I would want you to budget anything or expect it. It is sort of like the question that we have got in several quarters in a row that should we budget for another large acquisition; one a year because apparently we have got, now we are trying to close the third one, and it would be three and three years. And the answer is, you can't budget that, we are just outlooking to do traditional transactions that fit culturally and strategically add to our capabilities. If you take that in mind some of those, many of those are going to be in that $5 million to $10 million to $15 million to $20 million range and every once in a while there is going to be one that’s bigger that we think that is culturally; so, no.
Powell Brown: Yes. Dan, this is Powell. I would tell you that the answer is there is not one thing that screams out at it, that’s the first question or comment. However, what I would tell you is that as we are evolving from $1 billion to $2 billion company, we are continuing to look at how we build not only our financial and accounting capabilities, but our other capabilities of setting the platform up to be ready when we’re $2 billion and beyond. And so, I think there will be some continued investment there, but I can’t lay it all out right now because we’re continuing to look for the right people, remember it. We’re always looking for the most talented athlete or the best person as opposed to we’re just trying to fill this position. We are actually trying to fill some positions, but we’re always looking for talented people. And so, there is a little of that in there and there will be a little of that in the future, yes.
Powell Brown: Yes, there is. There is one business, a binding authority business in Texas that’s done really well. That’s the Texas security, but yes.
Powell Brown: And by the way, we’re really pleased about that. So, they’re doing well and we’re happy for them. So, that’s good.
Powell Brown: Yes. But I can tell you this, as you remember, inside of the Beecher comments we add, in large accounts we had $50 million of fee and $20 million of commissions that I know a fact off of top of my head. As it relates to the fee business right off the top of my head internally at Brown & Brown I would have to go back and I’d want to confirm that. In the middle market retail that number prior to our teammates joining at Beecher, it was roughly around 95% I thought, 96% commission. So, I’d want to go back and check that so it wouldn’t [poke] on that yet, but I’m pretty confident. So, we have to think through that and we’ll follow-up with you.
Powell Brown: Yes, zero. We basically didn’t do any acquisitions. We are waiting to try to close, as you know Wright and we continue to talk with lots of other people about the possibility of investing in their business.
Powell Brown: Wait a minute. I want to make sure that I remember; I think we are mixing apples and oranges there. As you know Ryan, the growth, the internal growth of Beecher as an organization is not contemplated in the first 12 months. So, their performance which was very good in Q4 and in Q1 and obviously, we wait to see in Q2 is not involved and that Andy alluded to the fact they had over double digit growth organically in that segment for the quarter. And so from a standpoint of the seasonality -- maybe, can you just repeat the question? I apologize.
Powell Brown: Okay. So, let me attempt to address that. You are asking the question about margin expansion in Q4, where we affectively had 20 big dips of organic growth in the retail segment.
Powell Brown: So the answer is, we had very nice results at Beecher. But having said that, I am talking about the core retail business. That said, from a standpoint of the EBITDA as Andy referred to earlier, expanded in Q1 nicely. And I would have to go back and look, I don’t have Q3. Do you have Q3…
Powell Brown: Yes. Ryan, as you know due to -- from a GAAP standpoint, our accounts and everybody else, wants us to estimate the ultimate cost to the best of our ability on a quarterly basis. And so I don’t think you should draw a parallel between the performance of some businesses versus the performance of other businesses. What we try to do every quarter is based on the information in hand, it definitely -- every time we get to this, I always sort of scratch my head because of how this works but I understand why and so from a standpoint of a non-cash item, and this adjustment in earn-out liabilities, but don’t read into the performance of what happened with let’s say 3 businesses, particularly that that is -- can be imputed across to a bunch of other acquisitions that are currently in the mix, don’t do that.
Powell Brown: Yes. Joseph, we wanted to have -- Andy wanted to make one other comment before we wrap up. Go ahead Andy.
Powell Brown: Okay Joseph, thank you very much. And we want to say thank you to everybody and we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Andy Watts: Great, thanks Powell. Yes, we want to take just a couple of minutes and talk about this. So, that hopefully you guys can better understand how the business will flow and again you can model it in. This business also has some seasonality to it, based upon the renewals of a lot of the policies. And we want to make sure you guys get that right in your models or at least closure. We had said that the revenues on the 12 months post acquisition would be a $121 million. If we were to close this acquisition May 1st the revenues for 2014 would be in the range of a $105 million to $110 million, if we close the acquisition on June 1st they would be in the range of $95 million to $100 million. The lowest quarter of the year is the first quarter and the highest is the third quarter. And to give you an idea of that, the second quarter would be probably around about $28 million and then will springboard up during the third quarter to a range of about $34 million to $35 million and then come back down. So again, you guys can get an idea kind of how this works and that’s just how policies are renewed. The EBITDA margins do move underneath of this business. Let me give you the full year on this one and we are not going to break this down by quarter right now, because we do not have complete access to all of these numbers at this stage, but at least give you an idea and you can work from there or refine them. If we were to close on June 1st and again I am referencing the $58.8 million on a 12 month basis, if we close on May 1st the EBITDA would be in the range of $42 million to $45 million, if we close on June 1st it would be $38 million to $40 million. And again the margins do move around on this business so please don’t straight line them all the way through. And so it will flow somewhat similar to the revenues but not exactly on there. So hopefully that helps give everybody some direction as we -- once we close the acquisition, we are able to get further in the detail, we can provide more refinement. Powell, that could be it.
Andy Watts: Actually if you think about it the slowdown really is in programs because programs had a higher growth rate and I don’t have it right here in front of me but it was double-digits in Q4. And so as you know we’ve gotten and we’ve had some programs come on and doing well, some of those have a little bit lower margin than we ultimately would like and those are improving as well. But we had a great quarter in wholesale and we had a good quarter in services ex-Colonial and we had a good quarter in retail. So, like I said as you have heard me say before organic growth is lumpy I think and it’s -- we're trying to operate in a range and that range we believe is continuing to trend in a positive direction. And as evidenced by what we did this quarter, I know that there were number of people on this call last quarter that had some concern about our retail internal growth and so we grew 2.5% that excludes any acquisitions. If you put in any acquisitions it would be higher.
Andy Watts: Yes. Sarah, it’s Andy here. The 4.5%; again that has the incremental million in here for the compensation, so it’s probably, it’s actually closer to 4% that’s probably a pretty good run rate on the expenses, but obviously all we’ve continuing to look for areas where we can standardize more and pull more margin out of the business.
Andy Watts: If you look at the margins down below, we talked about excluding the Beecher Carlson large accounts. If we were to pull out all of the acquisitions, the margins actually increase up to 37.9% for that. So that would take us probably just a little over a 5% actual growth on it. And that’s just continued focus on growing the business in a profitable fashion [through] all of it. No guarantee that it’s going to have that exact same margin expansion every quarter all the way through, but there is some expectation that will slowly move up overtime.
Andy Watts: Yes. I mean, Elyse to think on this one here, we don’t budget for contingents and GSCs because they can’t be quite lumpy in nature and they can move up and down quite a bit. So we don’t really have a view to the back-end of the year at this stage.
Andy Watts: Perfect. Yes, so we had 3 different ones that we did on, the 3 big ones that came through on earn-outs, as we had Texas Security and that was the largest of it. That business is performing really, really well for us by now, so we’re very pleased with that. We also had Rowlands & Barranca again also performing well for us and then our Edgren Hecker & Lemmon acquisition. Those were kind of the 3 big ones that came through, all of them were seeing really solid performance and indications that the go forward performance will be good. As you probably remember, underneath of FAS 141(R), this is based upon a forward projection of revenues. And therefore, we have to book the expense now. So, we will see those revenues coming forward in the future, but we have to take the charge now. So while we never enjoy taking the charge in the P&L, we think it’s actually very positive thing that the underlying assets are performing well for us.
Andy Watts: Well that’s I think maybe the first piece that Mark we would talk about inside of there is the Beecher large accounts, they grew just a bit over 10% year-over-year in the quarter. So that underlying part of the business is performing very well. On a full year basis, I would tell you that was 115 that’s what we gave guidance on. And we’re still targeting for that number right now, should be right in that range. Also if you remember, we gave guidance of $0.05 to $0.07 on EPS. We still believe that we’re right in that range at this stage.
Andy Watts: Yes, it would probably Mark it would be to the same extent, but it would definitely be a drag in the business.
Andy Watts: All right, Dan so you did a good job with your math overnight. So, let me hit the first part of it is, yes there will be continued flow through of the non-cash stock that was part of it. You’re right that will therefore be on comparative basis in Q3 at that stage. We did have some incremental in Q1, but it was nothing that was material in nature. And just to give you an idea, it was less than $300,000 of impact, so it’s actually pretty small inside of there. The reason why I would say on the expenses is we’re going to continue to try to manage those, but should not expect that there is going to be an immediate bump in any of those. As Powell mentioned, we are going to continue to make sure that we are making appropriate investments in the business and scaling it as we need to as we go forward.
Andy Watts: Not on the Sandy piece in Q2. Again, we can do a follow-up, but the number was pretty small in the second quarter. But we’ll come back and reconfirm it.
Andy Watts: Yes, let me take that one, because I think it’s at first blush. It would, it definitely looks like it is, the revenues basically the $27 million and expenses are $27 million. Just to give you an idea of that $27 million of expenses, $17 million of that is related to Beecher large, $10 million is non-Beecher large. So, the rest of the acquisitions during the quarter are actually performing quite well. Again that will move back around, but that's kind of the dynamics. So, don't read into it that they are not performing.
Andy Watts: No we don’t have Q3 because I think similar to this one, there is some moving parts underneath, so we’d have to look at that one. We don’t want to quote a number without being exact on it.
Andy Watts: I wanted to just circle back on the rate and re-clarify the revenue ranges on there, just to make sure that we’re on the same page. And we said 121 for the full year? If we were to close on a May 1st, the range would be 82 to 86; I know I told you a different number. Sorry, we pulled it from a wrong column. I just want to clarify that, 82 to 86; if it’s on June 1st, it’s 74 to 77. On the rest of my comments regarding EBITDA hold.
