Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy for a good report. Lastly, I started with comments about our teammates and their families and I want to close with the same focus. We are a team of 10,000 plus dedicated and hardworking individuals, who are driven to serve our customers. We cannot deliver great solutions and grow our business if we don't have our team at full strength. Therefore, our focus is always on the safety and health of our teammates. We previously provided guidance that our revenues could be up slightly to down low to mid single digits for the year. Based on the continued uncertainty of the recovery, we believe our full year organic growth could be slightly positive to slightly negative. However, there are still a lot of questions regarding how and when the economy will recover. We believe it's going to be slow and sporadic and we might see - may not see a recovery to pre-pandemic levels until 2022. The big questions right now are will employment levels continue to increase? Will consumers continue to increase their spending? How much additional stimulus will be needed and provided? Regarding rates, we think most rates will continue to increase in the second half of the year. We continue to talk with a lot of acquisition candidates and have a really good pipeline. Through the end of the second quarter, we closed 10 transactions with estimated annual revenues of $85 million. We've also closed a few deals already in July and are hopeful we'll close more over the remainder of the year. But we expect the marketplace will remain highly competitive. The main questions will be around financial forecasts and valuations. In these times, customers need innovative and creative risk management solutions. We believe our teammates and capabilities are well positioned to be great partners for our customers. At Brown & Brown, we’re committed to delivering as many innovative solutions as possible for the benefit of our customers and teammates. We look forward to a successful second half of 2020. And with that, let me turn it back over to Anita for the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Hi, Elyse. Actually when we made those comments in the Q1 call, we believe that Q3 would be the toughest quarter. And again, you're not going to like this because it's not with enough certainty, because no one, no firm will be able to give you what you want. It's going to be speculation. But we - with the adjustment in Q2, as Andy said earlier for the $8 million, we believe that that is our best estimate of the impact on future policies that we can see right at this moment. So again, remember there are things at play that are very hard to anticipate and this is not an excuse. This is an observation and you might say like what, okay. First of all, solvency of a customer, are they going to be solvent in the next quarter or not. We hope so, but I'm saying they are going to be firm, they are going to struggle even more. And that's number one. Number two, the impact of rate increases on the purchase of insurance. So there is a point at which some people cannot pay or they have to dramatically change their program. There are certain things that are mandated by law. There certain people, certain things that are nice to have or you'd rather transfer that risk to other people. That's number two. Number three, I'm very interested as all of us are in what is the next round of stimulus going to be and how is that going to impact you know, consumer behavior. And then the other thing that you have to keep in the back of your mind is, by the way, just take a look at for example Portland and the businesses in the area that affected downtown that are unable to operate. So you've got to put all that into sort of a mixer and mix it up. And so – and by the way the final thing that I didn't say would be the ability to get to new prospects. So some people are willing for us to come out there, some people want to see us virtually. Some people just got their hands so full that they just want to renew with who they've got. If it's with us, that might be good, but we may see a - in the future our new business continue to wane a little bit, don't know. I would tell you, what, and this doesn't translate to the numbers, but I'm going to just say that so everybody knows, I couldn't be happier with the way that our team is responding under what I would call a very difficult situation.
Powell Brown: Well, I actually - there's a couple parts to that story. Number one, as you know, we tried, I mean, we don't historically give guidance on organic growth and these are very unusual circumstances. So we've tried to give the best, our best snapshot that we can. That again takes into consideration that there are lots of variables that many of which we don't have control over. And the final thing that I think is, that merits a discussion is this. I know that some of you all have tried to draw a parallel between the first quarter performance and retail or the business, and the second quarter and I want to make sure that we clarify something, because I think it's very important. That is definitely like comparing an apple to an orange. So I don't think that you can compare the performance, whether it be our business or anybody else's business, the performance of a business unit, let's just say our retail in Q2 to the performance in Q1 and draw some dramatic conclusion. Because what you've got to understand is our business is a reflection of what we've said, the middle and upper middle market economy in the United States and our mix of business, our customer base may be impacted differently than others don't know that. But what I'm saying is, if the economy is just kept on bang in along in Q2 or Q3 like it was in Q1, I think that our organic growth numbers as an example would have been dramatically higher and our other business segments. So I just want to make sure we're clear on that and we're trying to give the best estimate and I know it frustrates you Elyse, because it frustrates us. Andy and I and everybody else on the team. But we were very pleased with the second quarter, as I said, both our financial results, but more importantly the attitude internally, how we're working with our customers, our teammate you know, this is a much different environment than anybody's operated in and I think that we're doing remarkably well under the circumstances.
Powell Brown: Yeah. The short answer is, our leaders are looking at the businesses in the best way they see fit to run the business long-term. So I want to clarify something, because I think it's very important. I know that when people talk about things like levers and variable and fixed cost and are there things that you can pull in the field that will impact, we don't think about that, that's like a way that big companies think, in my opinion. And so the short answer is, we think about what is the best thing to do for our company, our customers and our teammates for the long-term. And so there are lots of companies that are laying people off and/or furloughing and all of that and they have all their reasons and we're not commenting because their businesses are under intense pressure, we understand that. But you know, up to this point, you know, if we've had somebody depart the team, it's been performance related. It's not a wide, you know, impact across a number of teammates. And so we think about it because although this is going to impact the business in the near to intermediate term, we will come out of this difficult operating environment. Having learned a lot of things, as evidenced by going to a remote work environment in seven working days and how we've done that and interfacing with customers in different ways via video and et cetera. But no, I want to make sure that you understand that there's not some like hidden agenda out in the field that we're going to do to clip off some big number. I think that - under the circumstances I think that our margins and our growth were quite good in Q2. We're very pleased with that.
Powell Brown: Okay. So let's just use two big comments, just broadly. What about wind coverage and quake coverage. So you heard me say in the comment - in the prepared comments that, even as property in some instances coastal yes, properties up to 15%, 20%, 25%, okay. So if you have a program that provides wind cover, it could be habitational, it could be other habitational, it could be frame, it could be good construction, a mix of all of the above, they're seeing rate increases. So, capacity constraints create a very unusual tension in a period like this. So, unlike 2008 to 2011, you had the economy going down and you had rates going down. We would tell you, as we said in Q1, the rates are going up now and the economy is going down. So you have this unique dynamic. And so whether it be - there could be some seasonality and some instances about when some accounts come up for renewal, I'll just make something up, I'm not, I mean, not make it up, but give you an example. It's not a program specific, we have programs in this area. But let's just think about public entities for a moment. Public entities usually date on seven one, nine one, ten one, those are big dates for public entities, and six thirty. So they may renew, you know, school board on six thirty or seven one, whether you're in Texas or you're in Oklahoma, you're in Florida or New York or Washington. And so that same school board, obviously, I mean, if it renews in June and they have this huge quake exposure hypothetically, wherever they are, then that's going to be in the month of June with this big exposure, as opposed to in July, you may not have any large school boards or you might not have any large companies that are seeking, I mean, we have a lot of large companies that are seeking quake coverage and wind coverage. But I want to - I want to acknowledge something here that I think is an important nuance. All of you have seen and/or read and heard about additional capacity that is allegedly coming into the marketplace and you hear about management teams that are forming new start-up risk bearers, be it insurance or reinsurance or both. What - is that a good thing or a bad thing for us? We believe it's a good thing because it gives us more capacity to serve our customer base. Having said that, you might think of it as saying, okay, that could be a governor, potentially we haven't seen this yet, the governor on the upward pressure on rates, because that new capacity comes in and now competes against some of these large standard carriers in America or overseas that want X rate, and they're not able to get X, they're able to get half of X because there's this new capacity that comes online. That has not happened yet. I want to make sure everybody knows that. But there is a lot of activity out there and a lot of discussion. That capacity could be plugged in to our programs businesses in certain areas. And if in fact that case were to occur, that may moderate the rate increases. Conversely, if in fact, capacity in some instance dried up, dried up, and that's an extreme example. It's not going to do that, but dried up to extent where you could only, you know, continue to write your renewals and your renewals would go up on rate alone, and you didn't have additional capacity to write new business, that would also impact the organic growth. So I’d say this, we are very pleased with the organic growth of national programs. We do not want you to think that the growth this quarter is what we think it's going to be next quarter. We're more - we have a moderated view on that. We think the outlook is very good for the business. And we're very pleased with how it's going and a lot of it will be impacted by the actions or inactions of existing capital providers and then the entrance of new capital providers.
Powell Brown: Okay. Private equity is going full steam. So, I would tell you Greg, the analogy we would use is think about somebody that's driving on the highway, about 85 miles an hour. And you come into this initial COVID environment, and they take their foot off the gas. That does not mean they put the brake on, it means they take their foot off the gas. So for a period of let's say, two months, or maybe three months, you go from 85 miles an hour to 65 miles an hour, and now they've put the pedal back to the floor, and they're going back up towards 85. So very active environment, continuing in the acquisition space. Again, as it relates to the proposed merger of the two firms. You know, we don't really speculate on that. I mean, there are people that we hear about and talk to and things about that that seem to be interested in exploring other opportunities. But we're not going to really speculate on all of that. And we wish them you know, the best. And however, that all works out at a complex, complicated deal, and we're going to just keep on, you know, trying to write new business and get the best people we can on our team. So I don't really want to speculate too much about that.
Powell Brown: Yeah, sure. And the answer is I think it is held up exceptionally well. I think that our producer retention and our overall teammate retention has been really, really good.
Powell Brown: Sure, yeah. No problem. Greg, morning. Let's just go through and look at them combined. So for the first quarter, we were up year-over-year, about $8.8 million, second quarter, we were down about $1.7 million, $1.8 million, and that was primarily due to the one-time GSC that we got the second quarter of last year. The comments that we made in there is at least for the first half of the year those either represented you know, new GSCs or contingents that we qualify for or adjustments to finalize the estimates that we recorded in 2019. And again, if you recall, with the new ASC, we have to record our contingents throughout the year based upon written policies to the best that that we can. Then when we receive the cash in the first and second quarter, we have to do our final true-ups. So that's the combination of all those which really drives the upside. We don't anticipate that for the second half of the year, as we mentioned earlier, so as of right now, we think that contingent GSCs will look fairly similar in the second half of this year as to what they did in the second half of last year, barring something new pops up we just don't know about.
Powell Brown: I think your first assessment was correct. I think we look at it as a trough eater. That's - that is, we don't believe there's anything structurally wrong with the business or anything like that. There's just a combination of things, as we outlined in my comments and in Andy’s comments that have alluded to that. So we kind of, you know, work our way through it. And, you know, it'll be better in the future.
Powell Brown: Yeah, Mark, I'll tell you what you've got in wholesale, it's interesting. You've got two segments in that business, as you know, the brokerage, so that's transactional brokerage. And then you have binding authority. The binding authority is primarily smaller premium accounts, not small, but smaller. So think of accounts that are primarily, you know, $25,000 in premium and under, it could be higher than that. But let's say $25 and under, and then transactional, large transactional wholesale would be bigger accounts or layered property or an umbrella or something like that. I think what you've got is in our business, the binding authority is being impacted, and it's hard to estimate the full impact, because as I said in the previous question, a lot of that business is impacted by the business prospects. So let me give you an example. April and May, binding authority new business was way down because the economy was closed, and the whole deal - and in June when it opened up, I mean, the number of new businesses we wrote was significantly more than the prior two months. But now it's going back the other direction. And so I kind of think that the binding authority business is going to be under pressure in the near to intermediate term. So let's say the rest of the year. Brokerage is - there's an opportunity for it to grow nicely. But you got to remember that there's also an enormous amount of pressure in some instances where some of that business might go from the non-admitted market to the admitted market in certain instances. You don't normally think of that, but there are certain instances where that's happening. So I would moderate the growth expectations in the second half of the year for that, just because there's a lot of uncertainty around how that part of the market responds. Normally I'd say no, I think it's great and it's going, but I just think that there is some headwinds there.
Powell Brown: And Mark, I want to clarify something that I think is important. And it's a very timely example. One of the areas that we write a lot of binding authority business, an example would be personal lines in California. And as you know, California has been burning and there is all kinds of things over the last couple years. So a number of carriers have basically said we're not going to write personalized coverage in the state of California in Rush zones, which is, you know, not admitted areas. And so what that does is, there's a lot of disruption in that market, you might find some of that in Florida, in certain pockets where carriers have already gotten hit or exceeded their capacity. And so they're backing off. So, again, it is - there are forces that are a little different, doesn't mean that we don't you know, we're just going to work through it. But it's just kind of interesting where you have all of a sudden, you know, a place like California, which is the sixth largest economy in the world, and a big personal line market if they're choking on it. And so a lot of it's going to the state plan.
Powell Brown: Well, I think we like the small business, and it's been a nice part of our business. And so remember, as a part of the whole, it's a smaller segment, but it does have a positive impact on our margins, or a negative impact.
Powell Brown: That some of it, but it's not exclusively that. I mean, remember, think about it, a retention rate in retail, as you've heard us say before in an office, overall might be 92% to 95% overall revenue retention. You know, in a wholesale business depending on if it's binding authority or brokerage, it's, you know, 15 points less than that, maybe more. So there's a lot of, you know, churn in that book. And so if you're either not able to replace it, i.e., more new business, there's impact there. Or if you lose a couple of accounts, and if those accounts were big, that puts pressure on it. So I'll give you an example. Think about any industry that would be dramatically impacted in this period of time. I’ll pick one for you. Car Rental, okay, so how many cars have you rented in the last four months, let's say not very many compared to the normal that you might rent. And so if that's the case, you can have customers, I just use that as an example, the customer might be a restaurant or a bar, it might be an entertainment environment, you know, think about, it's a, you know, it's got a - it's some sort of - I was going to say like a fair or something like that, or usually it's based on receipts, which translates the number of people and you could say, okay, $10 to get in or whatever the number it is, well guess what? What they said now their receipts are, you know, one tenth if that. So the rate that there's compression in the existing book, so remember, let's not lose sight of the fact that in retail we call this out, but just in general, compression in hospitality, restaurants, entertainment, we talked about sports, think about whether it's professional sports, or you know, Little League Soccer, you know, all of that’s impacted. So you had - you we may renew the account, but the account is all of a sudden 30% of what it was. So there's inherent compression in certain segments of the book, not, by the way, Meyer, it's not exclusive to wholesale. We have that in programs. We have that in services. We have that in retail, very important distinction.
Powell Brown: The answer to the question is, we've seen some things on the health side, where there has been some actions taken by some insurers around the country, more regionally. And I'm not aware off the top of my head of commercial and yet I say that and I know of several large carriers that we - their trading partners who have been more than willing to adjust prices mid-term, maybe more so than others. And so that gives rate relief right there. So they might not have said, you know, like a personalized auto policy, we're going to give you a 15% you know, reduction in your premiums. What they basically said is, hey, do you have 100 trucks on the road and right now you're only driving, let's say 20 of them, we're going to give you, you can adjust your exposure units down or your payrolls down or whatever. So it's going to give them the benefit of not being charged for the trucks that are sitting in a warehouse. So it's the same thing, but it's not a rate cut. It's an adjustment and exposures. And then there are some carriers that are not willing to do that. And we've seen every scenario, I mean, boy, have we seen them.
Powell Brown: Yeah, I mean, I would tell you that the acquisition prices, the multiples that are being paid. And remember, I'm always one that likes to say a multiple of what, you know, if you have a seller saying to somebody what they got versus the buyer, I want to know what is the real EBITDA is, the sustainable, ongoing EBITDA, not jacked up, you know, modified dramatically EBITDA. So, I would tell you that our sense of it is, the multiples being paid today are very similar to what they were being paid in the first quarter, and maybe even the last quarter of last year. So the multiples are not necessarily that different, Michael, it's just how to get comfortable with the impact of the pandemic on the earnings. That's really important.
Powell Brown: Great. So the answer to the question, again, with the unknown of how the economy is impacted by the number of spikes in the COVID, the cases confirmed and all the resulting issues. Could our growth be positive? Of course, it could be. It could also be negative. I'm not trying to be you know, diverting the comments. Could it be positive? Yes, it could be positive. There's a lot of variables, and like I said, if a bunch of insured's, all of a sudden had their exposure unit all go down 20% between now and end of the year, the idea of growing out of that, even with a good amount of new business might be hard. So I don't know, Elyse, that's the first thing. As it relates to the adjustment that Andy referenced, I think this is a kind of an important - this is a non-GAAP answer, okay. So – but it's based on GAAP principles. The adjustments that Andy and the team has made, not only in Q1, but in Q2, those adjustments were the best estimate at the time of what we could see in the business. So the reason I bring that up is, we could get into Q3, and there's some very possibly another adjustment. We don't know. But we know that right now the way we looked at the business, we have made the best judgment on the business as we see it today. And I think that's an important distinction. So I just mentioned that for what it's worth. I hope that helps. I know it's frustrating because, again, I - it frustrates me too, but it is what it is.
Powell Brown: Okay. Thank you all very much for your time today. We look forward to talking to you in Q3. Please be well and be safe. I will tell you that, I got it and you don't want it. But I have a number of people that I know that have gotten it or come through it. So it seems like it's touching almost everybody. So be well and be safe and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Hi. Good mourning, Mike. Its Andy here. Yeah, you're correct. What we tried to do for this quarter after working with customers and our carrier partners and seeing that the carriers were receptive in a number of cases to doing mid-term premium adjustments, which we would traditionally see at the end of audits for those GL policies. What we tried to do is for all of the outstanding policies that were out there, we looked at consumer spend and tried to come up with a estimate as to what we thought revenues could be down in general across the outstanding policies that we have. So hopefully we've captured that well, you know, all depends on kind of how the next few quarters play out for us. We may need to adjust that up and down and that's kind of our best estimate right now.
Andrew Watts: Good morning, Elyse. Andy, here. There was more than just T&E inside of there. So everything from professional services, over time, et cetera. So those are kind of any of our variable cost all of our leaders looked at in order to adjust them accordingly.
Andrew Watts: Yeah, that's why we're trying to give you some additional color regarding the movement between employee benefits and compensation and other operating costs. Because it was the offsets between the deferred compensation costs that are in the two different categories.
Andrew Watts: No. Don't use that low of a ratio, because again it's artificially low because of the deferred comp item. So again, you've got a credit sitting down and other operating and then an expense of the employee benefits. That you know, what Powell was talking about earlier, what we would expect is if the economy continues to start to - you know, continues to open up, we would expect that variable costs will start to go up over time. Will they jump back to where they were in the first quarter of this year or you know, or 2019, probably not. They'll probably slowly increase because a lot depends on can we go see customers and how that works out. But we would expect to see some growth in that area over the back end of the year.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. And then Elyse, did you just want to make sure that you understood the reason for the change in the guidance on the third quarter, because of the piece that we just didn't understand in Q1 is what mid-term adjustments could be. We had just no idea at that stage. I think we got better visibility in the second quarter. We originally thought we might see more of that in kind of the third and fourth quarter. The $8 million adjustment that we recorded in the second quarter, hopefully is our best estimate. That should take some pressure off of the third and fourth quarter and maybe a little bit into the first quarter of next year.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. So, I mean, what we were trying to hopefully convey at the first quarter and just give everybody initial insight. How do we run our company? And you know, we talked about on the first call, first quarter, we don't put out mandates, its just not our operating culture. We rely upon the leaders of our businesses to know how to adjust their cost. If you look at the second quarter it demonstrates exactly how it works. It worked perfectly. They did an outstanding job of managing all of their variable costs to the needs of their customers. Up and down and so we're very, very pleased with how well everybody did inside of the team and we think it works very well instead of Brown & Brown, might be need to be differently in other companies, but it's part of the reason why we have the great margins and we've had them for so many years because of how we run the organization.
Andrew Watts: Yes, Greg, this piece is always one of the unknowns inside of that, we've been talking about for a few quarters and is around the social security advocacy business. We're definitely impacted at times what happens at some security administration and the federal government. So depends on how quickly they are processing and claims on there and the amount of resources they put. So that does adjust things up and down over time. And we've seen that over a number of years. So it's just kind of one of those wildcards, we just don't know about it, until it kind of starts coming along. So we have to watch that and then see what happens with general property claims that are out there. Those again, just move back and forth based on weather related.
Andrew Watts: Good morning, Yaron. As of right now, no we don't see in the other lines that we've not captured at this stage, if other facts seem to pop up, we'll have to address those. What we try to do is for the outstanding policies in Q1 and again, the outstanding policies in Q2, we tried to incorporate those into our adjustments. So it's kind of at least the best estimate right now all the kind of - we just need to see how things continue to play out. In one of the challenges we had going into the second quarter was how to estimate because we had that lag effect on reporting. So we really didn't start getting real good reporting for some of the monthly on employee benefits for work comp until May in June. So we've only got a couple months down. So we're going to continue to monitor and see what things look like and then we'll also start to see some of the renewals in the third quarter and they'll start to give us an idea also of what return on premiums look like and how well we did estimating that for the $8 million.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. I think what I would say is, I want to clarify, I don't - I'm not aware of, well, maybe I should back up. There's two segments. Let's think about small business first. So we have small business in both retail and wholesale. And that's a scenario where we have people that call and say we're done. We just - here's the keys, like we are - they're out of business. So we've had a lot of that in small business areas, but those are small accounts. Okay? And larger accounts, what you might find is the cost goes up substantially and therefore they buy less of the coverage. But that doesn't mean they don't buy the coverage. Let me let me give you a perfect example. Let's say you're on - your company is a large manufacturer, and you have a $25 million umbrella and that $25 million, you manufacture, let's just say something like baby cribs and children's, you know, infant clothing, something like that. And your $25 million umbrella was just for sake of this discussion, a $1 million in premium. And the carrier that put the $25 million up comes back to you through your broker and says we're going to quote $10 million of coverage for $1 million of premium. So then your broker goes out and get the other $15 million, and let's say that's $800,000 or something. So your limit for $25 million, just went up to $1.8 million [ph] or $2.5 million or whatever the number is, but your primary $10 million was the same price as the 25 the year before. You may say, hey, I can only buy 10 million of coverage. That's what I'm talking about in larger customers. They're not saying, we're not going to buy an umbrella. That's not what they're saying. But what they're saying is, there are certain extreme examples. If you're in the transportation business, let's say you have 1000 long haul trucks, your excess liability premium is gone through the roof, multiples of times. And so if you bought 80 million of limits before, you might have been only able to buy $40 million now because the price is so high. So it's not - we haven't seen - in the small accounts area, we see people going out of business. In the middle market accounts area, we see people mostly renewing, but there's some mashing of the teeth. In the large accounts, particularly in tougher classes of business, we may see lower excess limits purchase because the rate increases are so substantial.
Andrew Watts: Yes, second quarter is probably a good run rate, presuming that rates stay where they are Mark. And we don't have any incremental borrowings for acquisitions.
