Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. In closing, I want to make some comments regarding a number of topics and how we are thinking about our business and opportunities in 2020 and beyond. As it relates to the economy, we expect the growth rate and corresponding impact on exposure units to be relatively similar in 2020 from 2019. This is barring any major negative changes in trade relations or another matter that could impact the overall economy. From a rate perspective, we anticipate premium rates will continue to increase slightly during at least the first half of 2020. However, I'd like to repeat, we do not believe we have hard market conditions, but rather a firming of rates for many lines. This is driving certain risk barriers to either constrain capital or pull out of certain lines or geographies entirely. On the M&A front, we expect competition will remain aggressive until interest rates increase materially. We expect PE will more than likely continue to leverage deals higher than strategic players. We're going to remain disciplined with our approach as it has proven very successful over the years and we will buy businesses that make sense financially and fit culturally. There are plenty of opportunities that fit the profile. We've been talking about the increasing importance of technology and the use of data. We firmly believe these will have a material impact on the delivery of insurance over the coming years. Let me be clear, I'm not saying that technology will displace the importance of a customer talking with their broker regarding the transfer of risk. We're talking about how we'll interact with customers during the buying and renewal experience, removing the friction of simple transactions, as well as how we use data to help create new products with our carrier partners. We will also be focusing on how we can be more efficient and therefore direct more time toward winning and retaining additional customers. Since we are not a technology company, nor do we have all the answers, we will more than likely partner with insure-tech companies so we can leverage their innovation in concert with our industry expertise and data. Allocating capital in the most optimal way remains top of mind for all of our leaders. We're fortunate to generate over $600 million of cash and anticipate this will grow more in the future. As we've stated before, our goal is to deploy all of our available capital and more, if the right opportunities are available, so we can continue to deliver industry-leading financial metrics, cash flow conversion and ultimately, shareholder value. Increasing and investing in our teammates remains a key priority for our Company as it is through our talented team that we're able to serve our customers. We believe we have the right operating framework and culture to stimulate additional profitable growth in 2020 and beyond. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Cecelia to open it up for Q&A.
Powell Brown: The answer to the question is, as you saw, we named Steve Boyd, the Head of Technology, Innovation, Data and Digital Strategy last year and we continue to evaluate not only things like security, but we talk about the way we are actually doing business internally. So we're not at a point yet to say exactly what that is, but the answer to the question is, we do believe that there is going to be more investments and we are going to do it in a thoughtful way. I don't want anybody in this call taking something out of context like we're going to just go throw $25 million in a bucket. That's not what we're thinking. But we are thinking about technology in several ways. There are the ways to keep the lights on and running like electricity and then there is protecting from the bad guys, as I call it, and then there is two parts of innovation. There is using something that would actually be emerging, which would be kind of a fast follower concept and then there is also a component which might be on that leading edge concept, which is the smallest bucket. So I feel really good about our team and some of the new people that we have had join us or are joining us in the technology area to help us think about doing business more efficiently where our teammates can focus more time on serving our customers. So I'm excited about it.
Powell Brown: Greg, so let's come back to '19 just for a second. When we look at the margins for the organization, you're right, they are down. If you just pull out Hays by itself, our underlying margins are up. When we came into 2019, we said our goal was to increase our margins a little bit for the business. That's exactly what we delivered. So we feel really, really good about where we are today. So really important to make sure we pull Hays up. And there's all kinds of other moving parts underneath there. They're almost all net out back and forth. We increased underlying margin, so, again, really pleased with 2019. As it relates to 2020, we don't see any major headwinds coming at us that we know about right now. Not that things could never change, but as of today, no, we don't see anything and feel really good about the trajectory of the business.
Powell Brown: So we don't break out the exact amount of the organic revenue growth for rates and exposures. But as I've told you, kind of it's a balancing act from a standpoint of -- from an exposure standpoint, we would say, anecdotally, that our customers are doing better generally across the board, which is no surprise to you, number one. And you heard my comments earlier about the rates in the market. I believe and continue to believe that we're very consistent with what we've said. The retail business, not unlike the overall business, is a low to mid single digit organic growth business in a steady state economy that could be positively impacted slightly by other impacts, i.e., rates increasing in the area where we are today. But we're not giving guidance on organic growth, as you know. I will say this, though, I could not be happier with the progress that we have made in our retail business and for that matter, the entire business over the last three to four years.
Powell Brown: Just to clarify, Greg, we look at cash flow from operations as one of those key metrics, as no major items that we know about -- the one thing that can occur back and forth is the movement in the fiduciary cash because that ultimately rolls to cash flow from operations, so depending upon that movement that's the only item that can cause noise up and down on some years, but otherwise no, nothing.
Powell Brown: So let's talk about Florida in a couple ways. As you know, Florida has got the most coastal exposed building construction in the United States, meaning cat exposed within one county other than New York State. So Texas would be number two. So the last time I saw this number, it was $1.300 billion or something. It's a huge number, it's kind of staggering. So first of all, we talked about the impact of E&S market and how that would impact potentially residential and commercial accounts that we're seeing and we said earlier that, generally speaking, we're seeing rates that are in that 5% to 20% range. So that's a component. Number two, I would tell you that, in the State of Florida, there are lots of take-out companies and those take-out companies are depopulating the citizens as many of you know. And there are, as we understand, a number of those companies that are being under watch by Demotech and others today. We don't know exactly what that will mean for that space yet, but some of the losses that have occurred in the past couple of years are developing in a manner or may have hit their reinsurance layers in a way that were not otherwise anticipated. Having said that, when we became a public Company in 1993 the vast majority of our business was in Florida. Today at $2.4 billion -- just roughly $2.4 billion of revenue, our Florida exposure is much less. So I say that because remember, in a business that in retail, which is roughly -- these are all rough numbers, $1.4 billion, maybe $180 million of it is in retail. And so we don't break out the amount of property we have and we also have some nice-sized wholesale in Florida as well, but they are writing business all over the country in cat-prone areas. So, Elyse, I would caution you by saying that we're going to get some huge lift from these so-called Florida effects. We are all really happy to live in Florida for a whole bunch of reasons and run our business from here. But I would just tell you that I think that I would want you to look at the Florida effect as similar to around the country with a slight upside to it. But nothing something where you need to go tweak something substantially, I would caution you about that.
Powell Brown: Let me interject one thing there, Elyse. Here is the thing and that this doesn't help you with your model. But what I would tell you is this. We are working really hard and we're having a lot of fun. And we are going to be investing in businesses that we think fit culturally and make sense financially. And that includes hiring good people that would build businesses and all kinds of things. So I wanted to just make sure that -- I know you're trying to come up with an absolute number, and this is what it's going to be and it's going to pop-out the other end in your model and we acknowledge that. I just want you to understand that we are growing the top line and the bottom line. And if you look at the performance in the last year or last three years or last five years, our goal is to continue to do that. So I just say that because that doesn't mean you can just plug one number into the model and it's going to pop-out the other end. I just want you to understand that we're going to try to invest the money the best way we think possible to yield the best long-term results. That may not be one the quarter or one year for that matter. And sometimes 606, as Andy referenced earlier, impacts the way when we buy something, all of a sudden impacts the overall company in terms of an acquisition. And that's fine, we're going to just work through it. But we're just trying to make good acquisitions and hire more good people to get to $4 billion.
Powell Brown: The answer is, we don't talk about the growth trajectory of individual businesses. We're very pleased with the performance of Hays and the future -- what we think is the future performance of Hays, but we're not going to comment on that. That's all wrapped up in my comment around the low to mid single-digit organic growth over in steady state economy.
Powell Brown: So I think there is really two instances that come right to mind and I'll give you an example. There have been, historically, some writers of large property, particularly engineered property risks who are pulling back their limits. So by doing that, then you start to have to -- so they might put up a $1 billion or $2 billion or something. And all of a sudden if they pull back, then they are layering that property. And so the cost is going up. I'm not saying that categorically in all instances we can't place it, but sometimes they may not buy at higher limits because of cost pressures or things like that. That would be an example, that'd be one. So I think property, particularly large limit engineered risk. The second that comes to mind would be umbrella business, particularly on things like transportation or very, very heavy products exposure. So if you had a transportation account you're on and it -- let's just say for sake of this discussion that you had one market write $25 million primary umbrella and then you had another market write another $25 million, so they had a $50 million umbrella, I would tell you that, to best of my knowledge, there are very few people on a transportation account that will put up more than $10 million today. So all of a sudden, the price of the $10 million might be as much as the price of the $25 million or more last year. That's the first thing. And then they may get to a point where the pricing is such that nobody wants to offer the price at the higher levels just because they don't think they're getting enough rate for -- or what they will give or quote wouldn't be bought because people don't think that it's worth that much. So there are a few instances that I'm aware of where you have difficulty in placing accounts, but for the most part of what I'm aware of is, we have been pretty successful for our clients, but we watch that very closely.
Powell Brown: Well, remember, I think that you're correct in saying, number one, National Programs and the team have the business in a really good place. So that's the first thing. The second thing is, remember, National Programs can be impacted by the underwriting appetite of a carrier. So we don't know of any significant changes with our carriers right now which would necessitate a movement of a program or something like that. So that's a positive, but any time you have a leadership change in a significant carrier partner and programs, there could be a change in appetite or how they view it. We think about, particularly in some of those underwriting programs where we have capacity, that we are putting on line, there could be wind, there could be quake, there could be other related things, a lot of it is how do we get more capacity to fill those needs in the future. So the limit may not be the -- we may have a certain amount of capacity and when we sell that capacity, if we don't get more capacity, then the growth is constrained. Now, we're not going to say specifically if there is a program like that, but we do have some capacity plays where that is possible. So we are always out looking for capacity to grow our programs, particularly in times of disruption.
Powell Brown: So just think about, in large accounts, obviously the numbers are much larger. So if you have an increase in those instances, many of those accounts have risk managers, which their job is to try to get the most comprehensive coverage from the most competitive price. So that puts additional pressure on that goal, if you want to call it that, if their pricing goes up. So I would say it's very much case-by-case and how that buyer of insurance thinks about the hard market or hardening the market, I should say, firming as I said, not hard market. They think of it as a hard market, but we don't. And so I would just tell you, I think it's more on a case-by-case basis.
Powell Brown: Well, as we've said, Mike, in the past, what we've tried to do is, evaluate the potential benefit of all the investment opportunities that exists for us. A buyback we talk about with the Board periodically and we evaluate what that looks like versus investing the money in acquisitions and otherwise. So we don't have a stated buyback policy. I know that drives many of you crazy, but we will continue to evaluate that in the future. But I don't want you to read into that that says, well, if that's the case, then they are definitely going to be buying back stock. Do not make that assumption. We will do it when we evaluate the intrinsic value of the Company versus the actual value of the stock at the stated time.
Powell Brown: No, that sounds good, but no. Sometimes you get paid less. I mean, sometimes you get paid less if they're renegotiating the fee because of competition or something else. But it makes life for our placement teams very exciting, maybe is the right way to say it.
Powell Brown: I mean, we have and will continue to look at opportunities that may exist in countries that we believe might present an opportunity for Brown & Brown. I would make a broad statement by saying, if you look at where we have businesses today, we now have a business in Canada and we have businesses -- or a business in London. We have one in Bermuda. And so what would be consistent with all of those countries? Well, they are Commonwealth Countries, number one, and in those Commonwealth Countries, they all have a rule of law. So I'm not saying categorically that is the only place we would ever do an acquisition. I don't like this comment of always never or can't. I really don't like those terms, but to this point, that's where we thought about it and if it made sense, we would consider that going forward. It's interesting, Meyer, that you would ask that because the competitive landscape for acquisitions in some of those countries is even sometimes more fierce than it is in the United States, if that's possible. Kind of interesting.
Powell Brown: I don't remember making a comment about higher increase in employee benefits although employee benefits -- healthcare costs are going up, but I don't remember making that in the...
Powell Brown: Yes, that's just on pricing for our customers, not us or cost on that, Mark. Just in general I think everyone sees in the marketplace.
Powell Brown: And then, Cecilia, we'll take one last question if there are any. Otherwise, we'll go ahead and cut off for today, please.
Powell Brown: I want to make one comment as we wrap up, Cecilia, for everybody. Thank you first off for your time today and I know that if you have any questions, then Andy will be more than happy to talk to you about those in detail or other people on our team. I want to make sure everybody understands that the Hays acquisition in our mind is an excellent acquisition and that is, first and foremost, because they got great people. So when I look back on acquisitions like Arrowhead and other larger acquisitions where we've got a lot of really good people, those have been very significant in the history of our Company. I think that the Hays team has a number of people like that. So I'd say that, because Mike Egan and Jim Hays have built a great business and there is a lot of other great people on that team. So I want to make sure that the last comment today is this. We are very pleased with where we are in our entire business. We are very pleased with the Hays acquisition and we expect great things from that part of our business in the years to come. And like I said, generally speaking, we don't see that many headwinds going into 2020 and we're all really pumped up about what that means for us and the Company now and in the future on our way to $4 billion. So we thank you for your time and we look forward to talking to everybody again next quarter. Thank you. Have a nice day.
Andrew Watts: Greg, Andy here, maybe one other thing just to think about that. Similar to what we did back in the first quarter of 2016, if we had a large technology investment, a multi-year, we would come talk with all of our investors about that. But we don't see anything like that on the horizon right now.
Andrew Watts: So I think just to clarify your earlier comment, I think it was the first quarter as opposed to the second quarter that we talked about. And number two, I think that there is -- I have Andy sitting right next to me and you guys will chuckle, but I always think that 606 clouds the issue versus makes it clear. But I'm not a CPA and I'm not a PCAOB. So having said that, I would tell you that we had just a damn good quarter and that means we wrote a lot of new business and we have clients that -- or some of them, sometimes our clients get purchased but we had clients that were buying businesses. We had exposure increases. We had things. It was just a really good quarter. And I also would say, I mean, to manage your expectation, Elyse, is this. One quarter doesn't make a trend and we've said that. I look at it -- if you look back at the organic growth of retail in the last four years and I might be off on the four years ago, but I think it goes something like this 1.8%, 2.7%, 3%, [4.7%]. We're pretty happy about that. And we think that that is a big reason that the stock price has reacted accordingly in addition to our acquisitions and are executing our plan on other divisions and this and that and all this other stuff. But again, we're really pleased with it.
Andrew Watts: Yes. So let's take the last part of the question first and then we'll come back around is, yes, that is correct. It is the movement on the total Company. So maybe a way to think about that is, once you've modeled in what you think the business will do ex that, then lay those potential adjustments in there. And then flow that over into retail on a proportionate basis. And then, yeah, on underlying companies, we talked about earlier, we were up ex-Hays about 20 basis points to 30 basis points.
Andrew Watts: Yes, we don't give outward guidance as you know, but we don't see any major headwinds coming at us right now for '20 at this stage. So we don't have any reasons why they would go backwards.
Andrew Watts: It was included, it's only for the 45 days, so didn't have an overall major impact just from a weighting standpoint in the quarter.
Andrew Watts: No, nothing unusual there, Mark. When we closed out the third quarter, we had anticipated -- we said there was -- more than likely the fourth quarter would have some noise inside of it. We anticipated that it would be a $0.01 loss in the fourth quarter. It came out to be $0.02 or excuse me -- yeah, $0.02. $0.01 of that is the incremental acquisition earn-out. So we kind of landed right on where we were. We weren't too focused on the individual margins by quarter for the business. We were really focused on the total just because as we went into it, we took our best shot at the quarterlies and when we look at the full-year, we turned out on the top-end of our revenues and kind of right in our margins. So we feel really, really good about how Hays performed this year.
Andrew Watts: So Yaron, on that one, so right now we're giving guidance of 5% down for the first quarter and you can do that versus 2019 for the same periods. And then also just when you're thinking about organic, one of the items, I just want to make sure we clarified for everybody is, we do not include contingent commissions or GSCs in our calculations of organic. I know some of the other peers put it in, take it out, back and forth. We do not include those in our organic, OK.
Andrew Watts: As I said, if you come back -- if you look at for the quarter, right, so we were -- we started at 28.1%, and we finished this year at 27%, so down a 110 basis points. We have picked up 90 basis points on change or the gains and losses on our disposals.
Andrew Watts: Correct. Hays was a drag of 150 basis points, and then we were down 50 basis points and that's where -- what we are highlighting is, for the quarter is our non-cash stock compensation cost and then the dilutive impact of the acquisition that we did in the third quarter, those offset the underlying margin expansion that we had for the quarter.
Andrew Watts: Why would you do that? We've already made the lap on it. No, hold on a second. We already made the lap on it, though, Josh. I think that's maybe where you got to keep that in mind, this is the last quarter that we are getting the full effect of it as we go into next year when they're more comparative.
Andrew Watts: But if this -- let's presume that the business doesn't do anything different, it's net. There is no increase or decrease in the margin then in fourth quarter of 2020 versus fourth quarter of 2019.
Andrew Watts: And then you've got some impact of also the third quarter acquisition that's got some drag on it. Again, you're only going to have that this year.
Andrew Watts: Again, here is what we would suggest is, ultimately your call on what you want to do, but don't get -- start at the full year first, OK, and get what you -- the guidance that we've given on a full year regarding how we think about the business, that will then help you by the quarters.
Andrew Watts: No remember, we said that we would anticipate that the GSCs will be down $8 million to $10 million in 2020 and that was because of the one-time GSC of $9 million that we got in the second quarter of 2019. Otherwise, we don't know of any major items out there right now.
Andrew Watts: No, I guess, we've never broken them out or looked at in that way, but they are balanced to cost both casualty as well as property.
Josh Shanker: So if you didn't have the gain on the disposal, I think you'd be at 26.1% not at 27%. And Hays is recurring of course, and so let's put that in. So that's how -- I feel that ex-Hays, I think you'd be at like a 26.1% plus 1.5%, so 27.6% I guess. Or ex-Hays you'd be at 27.6% ex Hays I guess, is what I'm -- am I wrong to think that underlying compressed during the quarter, I guess? I don't -- I'm trying to follow it.
Josh Shanker: Let me take it offline. I guess I just want to -- I wanted to walk through how the margins bounce back I guess for next year, but I'll take it offline. And I guess I'm not smart enough, but we'll figure this out. Thanks, Andy.
Josh Shanker: I don't know, yet. I haven't done my numbers, but I'm going to start at -- I think I'm going to start at 26.1% and figure out the third quarter impact on it, and whatnot. But it feels like the base place to start forecasting 4Q20 is slightly lower than where 4Q19 came in.
Josh Shanker: Well, that clearly matters. First of all, not just one year, but many years anyways is what matters. So, but let's continue this discussion offline. But I appreciate all the help.
