Powell Brown: Thank you, (Lisa). Good morning, everybody. We're here this morning in lovely San Diego with our board visiting Arrowhead and so it's 5:30 local time and we're glad everybody could join us. I'll turn it over to Cory for the financial report.
Powell Brown: Well, that's a good question. I think that our business, as we've always said, is a proxy of the middle market economy. And so what we're seeing, Keith, is our clients are cautious about increasing exposures on renewal, even if they know that they're going to be up. And so we've talked about that in prior calls. So I think that there's lots of uncertainty, particularly as it revolves around an election year. I think certainty is better than uncertainty. I've basically said that I think there are two things that overhang the economy. I've said this for the last 18 months that are unusual and different. One is here in America. One is not. I've always said that I think that the environment in Europe is worse than it seems in terms of the banking situation and that could have a blowback onto our economy in the United States and impact our business. The second thing is I still think that there's still a cropping up of the real estate market. I don't know the solution but in terms of Fanny, Freddie, Sallie, in terms of the mortgage environment, so there's a lot of work being done there as well. We still see pockets in our business which are very tough operating environments, places like Naples, Florida, which you probably wouldn't think of. And yet you would think of Las Vegas or Detroit. And so I wish that I had a crystal ball, Keith, on the economy. But we watch very closely and we're trying to obviously do what's in the best interest of our customers and sell a lot of new business.
Powell Brown: So basically depending on where you are in the country, what offices, we are seeing more growth in certain offices. Some offices it's just like anything else. In a larger organization you're going to have offices that have really good quarters and or be down a quarter or revenue can shift from one quarter to another. What I would tell you, (Yurin), that we're pleased about is the trend, assuming that the middle market economy continues to improve, is moving in the right direction and that is the growth engine of our business because you know 60% of the revenue last year. So I would say that we continue to look for incremental improvement in the retail space and we're working towards that for the next – in the future. And (Yurin), I think you've got to kind of reflect on where retail was. If you go all the way back to '08, '09, we were negative 8.7. Then we were negative 4.8 and then in 2011 we were negative 4.2 and now we're just basically back to flat with the retail division. So it's trending the right direction and, as you know, we're very tied to the middle market economy. And even though the middle market economy it just seems like it's found it's fee, it's not necessarily going to move up quickly but we think it will be a gradual come back. And I think that's positive because that is the largest division and I think there is real potential there.
Powell Brown: Yes, because don't forget the retail in total is just marginally up, which is a little bit exposure in rate. So just naturally those 50% that did exceed it generally are still playing in the same realm and they're getting the same kind of price increases. So the majority of it is new business.
Powell Brown: Well, if you remember, Sarah, we talked about – I specifically said in October on the call that I was prepared to take the margin down slightly or keep it flat to grow the business organically. We know that we can grow our business organically and increase the margin. The great part about it, as you know, is on every incremental dollar of revenue on the existing account, that can be very profitable into our business units, meaning I'm talking about exposure increases. I'm not talking about new business that's on top of it. And so we're working very hard to grow our business organically and improve our margins.
Powell Brown: Well, remember, as Cory articulated so nicely earlier, we have some additional expenses that are flowing through right now, which I’m perfectly comfortable with. And I've said that we're going to do things that will stimulate growth and reward performance. So that's a nice way of saying we said this is a one-year sales contest and that's exactly what it is. But we may do things in the future that will continue to stimulate growth. But no, there's not a stated internal growth number where margins expand. I know that you're referring to someone else that said that that's how it works for them but we feel good about our business in a normal, steady state. When we grow our business organically we believe we can get margin expansion.
Powell Brown: The $11.8 million, just as clarification, were closed in the second quarter. And as you know, Arrowhead was the largest acquisition that we've ever done and we're very pleased with the teammates. I have met a large number of our teammates. Of the 520 I've met, probably 480 of them here in San Diego, and we're very pleased with the team here. That said, there aren't many Arrowheads out there, meaning there's only one and we purchased them. I have said to the team here and I will say to the team or everyone on the call that if there was another Arrowhead out there or something similar, tomorrow we buy it. And so we've always said it's all about the people because good people develop and grow good businesses and attract more good people. It sounds kind of trite, I understand that. It sounds sort of basic management 101. But we really believe that. And so we continue to look at acquisitions of all sizes and shapes and there's lot of speculation by people on this call and others about all kinds of things that could happen in this industry. That said, the great part about it is that we feel really good about our company and we're committed to keep doing what we're doing for a long period of time and acquiring strategically good partners.
Powell Brown: Well, we consistently, as you know, we invest – we allocate 1% of revenues into a people category in which we invest in high-quality, new people who are not originally in budgets. And so we supplement that expense or offset a portion of that expense at the local level in sort of a partnership or a cost sharing basis through the local offices. So we are looking to organically grow that number and invest in our teammates around the country in different – in all four segments of our business. But, no, we haven't given that metric in the past but that's what we're doing.
Powell Brown: Well, I think that the answer is sort of a bifurcated answer. There are certain carriers that are sticking to their guns. Most of those are national carriers more so than regional but both regionals, too. And I think that if – we all know that the industry is overcapitalized to the tune of probably $550 billion. That was as of the end of last year. And so you have – it sounds good to have rate pressure, upward rate pressure for the near to intermediate term. But the reality is will it stick? And let me elaborate. I have said and will say today and in the future that I think that rate increases in the current – rate increases in the near to intermediate term can continue to go up. I think that the rate at which they go up moderate. That's a broad statement. On a specific statement, if you look inside the excess and surplus lines market, specifically the property, the cat property providers, if in fact there is no wind event this year – so by December 1, if there has not been a wind event, nothing comes into (Harith) county in Texas, nothing rips into Florida or Louisiana, nothing comes into the coast up in the mid Atlantic, I would tell you that I think there's going to be downward pressure on those rates next year. Downward may not be all negative. It might be just flat. But I don’t think it goes up as much because of the amount of capital that's chasing it. I'd like to clarify for you, Matthew, one other thing. The comment that I made was in the E&S markets and it was in binding authority specifically. So that is one place very isolated in a northeast region and so that could change depending on the experience of that particular market or those markets. But as a general rule, we're seeing flat to upward pressure on rates everywhere for the near term.
Powell Brown: Yes, I think that the way I would want you to think about services is not unlike the acquisition landscape. I think that it's kind of lumpy, not bumpy, lumpy. And so I don't – I think that you should – I don't think that you should think of it as just a one-year event but I’m saying I think it could be up but up less in the future or it could be up more. It just depends because of the opportunities and the services that they're providing to their carrier partners.
Powell Brown: We, Meyer, do a lot of business, as you know, with regional carriers already. And so that's going to occur on an office-by-office basis. Regional carriers typically don't have large property capacity or they may have constraints relative to the limits that they put up, even on a liability basis. So you could draw that conclusion but I don't think that that's categorically across the board fair.
Powell Brown: Well, remember, we don't, as you know, when we invest in someone, in an agency, we intend for them to be part of Brown & Brown for the duration. And as you know, sometimes people's attitudes or views on the world change and maybe they would be better served being part of a different team. We don't like people to go to other teams but sometimes it's better for both parties involved. So like I said, on $1,150,000,000 base, we're going to have some people leave periodically and we'll have some dispositions.
Powell Brown: Sure. We've got it. You’ve got an environment that is very unclear as yet and so you've got an environment that is probably going to be more highly regulated and absolutely could be a threat.
Powell Brown: Well, we don't know. That's the thing. I mean, once again, someone may – somebody may dictate the rates that they charge or – we don't know. It is unclear as of yet and as that information becomes available we'll provide it.
Powell Brown: Well, like I said, I would tell you that we were pretty darn pumped, about a 3.2% internal growth and the fact that we had growth in all four of our divisions was good. So I would say that's good and a lot of people feel really good about it and it's not just me. So I know that's not a very scientific answer but I would tell you that I think the trend is positive.
Powell Brown: What's interesting, Adam, as you know, we've talked about the three kinds of risks that exist. You have those that are always in the standard market, those that are always in the E&S market and then you have the tweeners and the tweeners actually tend to tilt towards the E&S market. I would tell you that a lot of that tweener business had gone into standard markets for a period of time and I do believe some of that is starting to come back not – this is not a gusher. I don't want you to get that impression. I'm just saying I think that the E&S marketplace is seeing more and more business opportunities today than ever before. Part of that is driven by this risk appetite. Part of that is also driven by some exposure increases in certain classes of business, i.e. some areas of the country that are seeing some construction improvement. So I would tell you that they're seeing a lot of accounts. I would say that's driven on a tweener class but I don't think it's a gusher yet.
Powell Brown: Well, Adam, your guess would be as good as ours on that because, as we've said, it's all about good people and the properties that become available. We're actively looking all the time. We are proactive in that process, as you know. And so we'd like to think that there would be a lot of opportunities for us to consider. But it would be purely a wild ass guess on my part if, in fact, I said it's going to be in, so-called, your definition of normal. But we think it's going to be – we think it looks good.
Powell Brown: Sure, let's make sure that we're clear. This contest is for one year. I've basically said that we want to do things that stimulate growth. In the future we'll try different things and we want to award performance. So we are more focused on margins than it seems to anybody else and we're going to continue to be focused on margins but we're going to grow our business organically. So as I said in October, I'm prepared to do things that will help drive both of those forward, Dan.
Powell Brown: Well, it's interesting. That, Ron, is very logical and rational and I’m not saying it's not correct. But as you know, our industry, the risk bearers, that has not been the case historically. And so if you look at the amount of capital that's been destroyed over the last 20 or 25 years, chasing returns, it's substantial. So I would tell you that I don't think the underwriting marketplace is rational all the time. And so I think that – I've said that the best estimate that I've got is we could see rate pressure for the near to intermediate term which I’m considering, for the sake of this discussion, to be the next 12 to 18 months.
Powell Brown: Well, I think what you've got is there is a – I'm going to call it kind of a – the carriers are in a conundrum. And the conundrum basically is they're looking for returns, the ROEs that would be acceptable to the investment community. That would be investment returns, in terms of on their investments so low, that drives that acceptable combined ratio way down. And what you have now is you have two things that are going on. Work comp is running a temperature across the board. And number two, property losses are little more than you might have alluded to early and let me be specific. Even though we haven't had an event, if you talk to some of the large carriers, I don't call it hurricane – I mean, tornado ally. I call it tornado highway. And so all of a sudden, the losses that have been incurred in Oklahoma and Arkansas and Texas and places like that, are more significant than people realize. Also, I point out there are certain very fine regional carriers that have had events which are not so-called name storms over the last year or two that have just clobbered them in places like the Midwest. And so we've seen some, I think in their vernacular, risk bearer, abnormal events which have impacted their underwriting results. I just don't think, Ron, when you have $550 billion of surplus and you have an industry, the risk bearers, which have done a great job of attracting capital when they need it after events, they've done a great job of destroying that capital in terms of chasing market – or chasing prices down, and the industry has not done a real effective job of returning capital to investors when, in fact, they can't get an appropriate return on that capital. So I’m looking at something that just, to add – this is from AM Best and ISO and III – cumulative underwriting deficit from 1975 through 2011, $479 billion. Underwriting losses in 2011 totaled $36 billion. That's the largest since 2001. So there is a little bit more to that story, I think, the underlying theme than a big event coming into Houston or Miami or Tampa or New Orleans.
Powell Brown: Well, your memory is correct, Brett, number one. It was one-third, two-thirds. Number two, you've heard us talk about that our clients – and I'm going to give you an example, a hypothetical example but not too far off. If you are a manufacturer of widgets and two years ago you did $14 million of sales and last year you did – a year ago you did $12 million and then last year you did $10 million, and so all of a sudden you've secured a contract to provide $2 million of additional widgets, which are not in the original budget, and you are going to do a minimum of $12 million of widget sales in this coming year. What do you tell your insurance agent what your exposures are going to do? I put my money on saying they're going to be flat. That means that they're going to be picked up at audit. And as we've talked about on this call before, if, in fact, that's occurring, there can be a lag from – it would be like 14 to 15 month lag, so you have people that renew their business on July 1st. Next July 1st when they renew, the insurance carrier has 60 days up to 90 days to audit their books and give them, if in fact they have an uptick in their business, an audit for them to pay an additional premium. So we've talked a lot about and, as you well know, that our business is a reflection of the middle market economy. If you go out to dinner in Orlando or here in San Diego or many places in between on a Friday night, you'd say it surely doesn’t look like the economy is in a recession or slowdown. Having said that, if you talk to those same people about their businesses, I don't understand the disconnect because their businesses are still struggling. And so if you – I know you heard in my comments, prepared remarks, that exposure units, generally speaking, are flat, generally flat. And so there is an embedded silver lining in what you're referring to and the embedded silver lining for Brown & Brown is exactly what you're talking about, exposure unit increases on existing clients and new business. So think of it this way, Brett. When you have a retail customer and we generate $10,000 of commissions on that account and it's down from a high of $15,000 four years ago, the incremental dollar back to $15,000, we don't have to add another person. They're not going to send more mail or correspondence to them. They're not going to handle the client differently. It's just going to be incrementally up. And so that's very positive for our organization and specifically what everybody's been asking about, which is the margins.
Powell Brown: Thank you, (Lisa). No further comments and we'll talk to everybody next quarter. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Cory Walker: We are. They are proceeding along on their goal as we mentioned that we expect for the whole year they'll be at the $40 million EBITDA. So they're doing very, very well.
Cory Walker: We don't – well, we track new business and we are making – we set up accrual on a quarterly basis and we can't answer that right now because it'll look at the end – we'll look back on that at the end of the year. But a lot of it.
Cory Walker: And Sarah, as I tried to explain, is that if you take those four or five items that are relatively newer cost, basically that's 1.1 percentage points on the margin. And then that one operation we have, ICG, adds another 40. So that's 1.5 points on the compensation employee benefit line and that basically moves us down to just without anything else that's roughly 50.3% versus last year's same quarter at 51%. So that in itself is a margin improvement. We do have a couple other unique things. For instance, like Proctor, they do an exceptional job in their area. But to compete with the big 800 pound gorillas in that space, several years ago we had beefed up their IT and they provide really superior service in that area to the smaller, mid-size banks and mortgage bankers. And for instance, they grew for the year to date roughly $2.2 million from new accounts that they had picked up. But at the same time they're having to beef up their IT area and really very much some of the best systems in the industry. But they've added $1.6 million of employee costs and benefits relative to that. So that's part of their growth plans and so that, even excluding the differential that I just explained to you. So overall, margins will continue to increase. This is just a transitional year and we're just focused on internal growth in the short term right now.
Cory Walker: Matthew, take this in the spirit it's intended. It's very different for every producer. Some producers are specialists where they'll write just construction or just healthcare, just as an example. And inside of healthcare, there would be a focus on nursing homes or assisted living facilities or hospitals and in the construction business it might be residential or inhabitational. It's condominiums and apartments. And so what you find is – and then you, conversely, you have people who are more generalists and they write different kinds of businesses all over the place. So you can have a manufacturing operation and a construction firm and a beer distributor. And so that's a hard answer to give. We don't track it that way in terms of what really makes it a comp over property over whatever the case may be. I would say that if you look inside of the books of business with the production force of Brown & Brown and you listen, as I know you did, closely to what I said on rates, you hear a recurring theme of comp pressure and property pressure. Those are the recurring themes. And so different states, as you know handle work comp differently. And Florida is a state where you have dividends and wealth sensitive programs but the rates are fixed. In a state like California, there's rate variability, so you could go up or down due to the deviating of the rate. And so you have more discrepancies in rates in California versus in Florida but I would content that the buyer ultimately gets the same benefit long term if they are profitable, meaning if they have low losses.
Cory Walker: And Meyer, I'd warn you to that as a general rule we don't feel like we lose that many producers that we want. And not all the businesses that we sell is – some of the business that we sell are people that we've asked to leave, too.
Cory Walker: Well, on the first question, I think it's probably fair to go and assume about he same level given all the same fact patterns they reoccur in. You know, it should be relatively consistent on that. So with that said, when you pull that out, I make the argument that you basically do have margin improvement, even at this level. Keep in mind the retail only grew a total of $400,000 net, 0.3, and I think that is an even stronger engine for the margin side of it. So, again, I think we've – outside these items I've listed, our margins will continue to improve.
Cory Walker: Yes, Adam, that grew roughly $2.2 million and Proctor was about $1.2 million of that. And then the other $1 million really came from a lot of all the other different programs in $200,000, $300,000 each chunk. So overall programs are all moving well and there's very few that were really negative.
Cory Walker: No, their margins are getting the expected levels. And they are in general on an operating profit a little bit higher. So that's having a marginal impact on it. I think you've got to look more to the normal nature of our retail and other businesses that have a fairly good leverage comp on a go-forward basis.
Cory Walker: No, I think it's not that much greater. So I don’t think it's not going to have a huge impact on the margins. And there are – there's different parts – Arrowhead margins show up in two areas: in national programs and also the services. In the national program parts, their margins are in the same range that our other programs are. If you look at the – in the service area, their margins are actually a little bit less in American claims management right now. So that would actually be more of a negative there. So you've got a positive and negative in two different areas.
