Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. Good report. We say internally the only constant is change. 2016 was one of those years. Changes in carrier appetite impacted our National Programs. The cat property market continued downward as more alternative capital was trying to find the home. The acquisition marketplace continues to be fully priced with some sellers expectations outpacing reality. With our new President there seems to be potential changes in corporate tax rates and in the ACA arena. Finally, with some of our carrier partners there were changes in their senior leadership. This sometimes leads to change in their risk appetite. All this change creates challenges and opportunities. We believe these challenge create great opportunities for Brown & Brown. Even with all these changes we are very pleased with the results for 2016 and as we head into 2017 we are realistic and optimistic about the year ahead. With that I'll turn it back over to you Cathy for questions.
Powell Brown: I think Elyse its Powell over. The one I think that the expense would be even across all four quarters and I do believe that it will drive incremental performance in the year of 2017. It's being it has been implemented effective January 1. So we believe it to have impact this year.
Powell Brown: We are but that's secret. We don't give growth guidance I'm sorry I know that frustrates you but the answer is yes but we don't talk about it publicly.
Powell Brown: Well Elyse let's talk about kind of how we think about capital allocation. And I think of it really in four buckets. Organic growth and margin, acquisitions, share repurchases, and having dry powder. So we think about it very long-term and so as I've said before, we constantly evaluate where we believe is the intrinsic value of our stock and compare that to where we're trading and we determine is it something that we think we should buy at that point in time. We have also been asked what happens if our stock price is fully valued and the acquisition marketplace continues to be fully priced or even goes up. And the answer to that is we stockpile cash on our balance sheet. So we constantly evaluate share repurchase as one of the investment options for the cash that we buildup. But as you know we don't have a stated amount that we're going to purchase on a quarterly basis, we're going to look at it opportunistically just like acquisitions and we're going to do it when we think it makes sense for the company.
Powell Brown: Okay. So I'm going to answer Quentin at several, several things. One, we had $9 million of incremental cat revenue in 2016, number one. Number two, as it relates to your questions which I think is a very good one, the expectation of more revenue I think is a very fair one, but what you might be surprised to know is there were a lot of people affected that did not have flood insurance. So there were areas in South Carolina and North Carolina and areas all around where you would think based on what you saw on the television that they would have national flood insurance and whatever, many of the people were not in flood claims and they did not buy flood insurance. So that was kind of how we look at it. And once again how, I think your assumption is a fair one, but those affected or some of those affected the most significantly were in areas they did not have flood insurance.
Powell Brown: Okay. So first off I think the discussions with our client has not dramatically changed prior to the election versus postelection of our new President. And the reason I say that is the conversation typically is focused around managing cost. Obviously some people talk about bending the cost curve and all these other things. I just make it simple, I just basically say how do you manage your cost in a thoughtful manner over the next several years it's not a one-year window. And so in doing that changes in ACA everybody is, doing a lot of speculating right now. Do we think there is going to be changes? Yes. Do we think it's going to be totally repealed? I don't know about that and that may be semantics in terms of how you define total repealed. I think the one thing that we all have to remember is there are certain taxes on Obamacare which in the event that it was changed those taxes around healthcare where we're going to make up that difference and the lawmakers in Washington I think are working on that but I don't -- I wouldn't want you to focus on commission, I'm sorry fee driven business versus commission business this year because it's purely speculative on our part. What we're trying to do is we're trying to help our clients large and small manage their total cost of health insurance and what this does, Quentin, is it creates more uncertainty which actually creates an opportunity for us to talk with our clients about options and how they can think about it and attack it going forward particularly based on whatever is the outcome of the changes.
Powell Brown: Okay, so Kai if you remember it was the fall meaning Q4 of 2012 where we saw the major uptick in our organic growth which was the end of the last sales incentive. That was a one-time only incentive. So we saw the organic growth go up substantially in Q4 but in Q3 and Q1 there were -- it didn't seem to be in the normal range it might have been slightly down for whatever reason you can speculate on that. But so from a standpoint of we did have good experience with the program the last time but it was a one-time only program that's number one, one-year only in 2012. Number two, the way we thought about it is this, everything that we try to implement at Brown & Brown, as I said earlier, is got a long-term alignment with our team and our shareholders and we believe that this fosters as we said earlier customer retention and additional new business. We do a pretty dam good job of new business. And I think that we do a good job of retention too, but we can always improve. And so this is an incentive which aligns that from a producer standpoint with the corporation. So we've been thinking about this for may be the last probably six months seriously because we've talked with all of our leaders about it and it was a decision that was made after a lot of weighing and measuring and we thought it was the best for the organization and for our producer force.
Powell Brown: Okay. So as it relates to the first part, we think that that will be a good opportunity for us to deal with, if in fact something occurs. So the way I look at it, any additional earnings dollars that we received as a result of a tax cut would just go into the bucket that we think about how we allocated for those four things that we talked about earlier. So I wouldn't say that we're going to do more of one versus more of another. I think of it as equal consideration and then we're going to try to invest in the best options for the company, that's number one. As it relates to tax rate, I think there is two parts to think about, yes, I do think you have corporate tax rate and then you have the potential for capital gains changes as well. And as we said earlier we believe that the marketplace is fully priced and so expectations of some sellers are unrealistic and with a tax cut either in one or both, I believe that those expectations would probably go up because the bankers will facilitate that. That said, at the end of the day, remember, Kai, we are focused on looking for acquisitions that fit culturally and make sense financially. And so therefore as you've heard we've only done $55 million of acquisition for the last two years and I would tell you that I'm comfortable with that because we didn't find ones that fit culturally and made sense financially. We found a couple that fit culturally last year but financially would not have made sense and that's not our plan. So that is kind of the way we look at it.
Powell Brown: That's great, okay. So let's start with the first part. As it relates to some of the larger firms that are kind of going into the middle market, the firm I think you're referring to is Marsh and they have put together I think the number is $1.02 billion in revenue -- in middle-market revenue but it's $12 billion company. So they have their own strategy whatever that is relative to their middle-market play. The way I look at it Kai is this, number one; we don't talk about acquisitions until we announce that we have a signed document, purchase agreement, and particularly something of size. But I would make the comment that if you just look at the top 20 insurance brokers in the United States, top 20 I believe six of them are backed by private equity. So if you just think about it just very simply in the next three to five years all of those will try to be sold. Now that I don't know what their option is does that mean they go public, most of the structures at present are not set up to be a public company but they would have to change or would they be acquired either by another PE firm or by a strategic acquirer. So I would just say that we try to position ourselves to look at transactions of all sizes and shapes and we focus on trying to find one to fit culturally and make sense financially. And so whether that's something that's a little bit larger or continues to be a little bit smaller we're open to looking at all of them assuming they make sense.
Powell Brown: Hi, Charles, I would say that kind of a broad statement is this probably two-thirds of the impact is volume of business and one-third is acquisition.
Powell Brown: So Charles, we implemented our current plan of 40/20 in 1982. And what we have always tried to do is sent producers to write lots of new business and retain the business that they have. And once when we started evaluating it and talking to other folks internally we thought that over time that this would be a positive to the company over the next several years. That said there's a going to be some more expense in year one that we won't overcome all of that expense and we understand that. So, as Andy said earlier this is something that we thought a lot about and we, I know you know this, but we don't make rash decisions. We think about how we can do this over the long-term and so remember the goal is to be even better at retaining our existing customers and writing more new business and we believe that this plan captures both.
Powell Brown: So I think it depends on the part of the country and the line of business. If you talk about Florida and construction I think that there's a lot of construction and a lot of improvement in construction today and I think it's even better today than it was six months ago. But that's not universal across the board. So I think it's hard to say categorically well they're up 10% or 5%. I would not say that. I would say it's very geographically -- it's geographic specific or geographic specific I should say.
Powell Brown: I think it's a combination of both. Let's back up and I don't remember the exact numbers Adam off the top of my head. But if you go back let's say 20 years ago and you say what portion of the market was non-admitted, let's say it was single-digits, low-single-digits. And today that number I think is somewhere just in the low-teens, and so there's been some significant obviously growth in the non-admitted marketplace. So the combination of our brokers and production underwriters out soliciting business because we have products which will help retailers not only write new business but retain their existing account. And number two the fact that the E&S market as we've talked about continues to try to evolve and not only show their relevance but grow and it's -- that's also impacted by this entrance of additional alternative capital. So it's coming into areas where they think there are high margin opportunities and in some cases there are unless there is a storm.
Powell Brown: Yes. So let's talk about that. We have Florida homeowners so you could have a negative potential impact in certain areas in Retail, you can have a positive impact in Wholesale, or in Programs. But it's all about product and do you have, what you have available and there are different segments of that more main street business versus the high net worth or mass affluent marketplace. So I think the answers are slightly different for each one of those areas. But it continues to be a very unique place to do business particularly for the main street homeowners business around the state.
Powell Brown: Think of it, Ken, think of it as if they and this if an, if, if they leave the money in the business and invest i.e. to expand the business then the exposure units go up which in turn our revenue and that relationship would grow. So if think about it let's say that you had a contractor and that contractor bought three new trucks. So the three new trucks go on to the policy and let's assume that they were able to get two new projects so their payroll which is going to be their exposure units are going to up because of those projects which is where they're going to use those three trucks that's good for them and that's good for us.
Powell Brown: Yes, I think that's really hard to tell and what I mean by that is we're in the solutions business and we present solutions and options to our clients and try to help them make the best decisions to cover their assets. Having said that, you know they can choose not to buy client coverage but it might be on an outlying, on two or three accounts. I don't -- I think if you pressed me I would say they're adequately insured as the whole. There are always scenarios where you want to talk to your clients about changes in their business and/or appetite, what they're thinking about risk appetite and you may sell additional lines of coverage or you have a different plan design, you go from a fully insured product to a deductible product of some sort on property and casualty. And they're retaining more risk. So I think I would just say that they are adequately insured.
Powell Brown: I think our clients those that we have spoken to feel like it's a competitive advantage to have is a broad statement, a competitive advantage to have a competitive health plan and so it depends on the industry, it depends on what is normally offered versus not offered. So if we're talking about Technology Company, their health plan design and expectation is probably much different than general contractor. It is much different. And so I think though generally speaking business owners feel like health insurance is something that they want to provide, they feel they have to provide it, they also think it is either competitive advantage or a disadvantage, a substantial disadvantage if they don't have it.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Cathy and thank you all for your time today and we look forward to talking to you at the end of our Q1. Good day.
Andy Watts: Elyse, what we would say is as we spent a lot of time with this plan and going through all the analysis which was multi-months to go through and looking making sure that we kind of evaluated all factors. We do anticipate a uptick in organic driven off two factors that Powell mentioned. And there will be an investment in the early years but then it starts to payoff over the next three to four years and we would cover everything back which is what we're looking for.
Andy Watts: Elyse, we would highlight two other things inside of there is one make sure you account for the loss on the sale of the book of business which is about $1.8 million. And then also we had mentioned the write-off on some software during the quarter that was about $1.2 million. So if you put those together that's why in our commentary, the non-cash stock credit of about $3 million is literally neutralized with those other two items. I think that might have been something that you were may have just missed on the way through.
Andy Watts: Yes, and Charles just on that one, when you guys are modeling for 2017 is keep in mind a couple of things if you would is that as we -- as you kind of look at the quarterly margins on retail, it would be probably not expect to see that level of drop every quarter going forward, once we make a lap around. Okay. So just keep that in mind when modeling it through. And then two on the Morstan acquisition that was a strategic acquisition that we did and we knew that we acquired the business at margins lower than our average but with the expectation that they will come up over the coming years. We mentioned it's performing really well. We're very pleased with it. So again over time we'll continue to -- excuse me get lifting our margin as Morstan continues to improve.
Andy Watts: No, Charles, no change in the philosophy. We had utilized both of the approaches in the past. In early 2014 we did open-market and then you after that time we do a lot of ASRs. In the fourth quarter of this year we just saw an opportunity to pick up some shares in the open-market and decided to go ahead and do that. I think we'll kind to continue to look all the different ways that are out there in order to hopefully run the most efficient and effective plan that we can from purchasing back the shares as well as doing in a cost effective manner.
Andy Watts: Adam, that's where we talked about volumes in the business, so, we're seeing a lot of submissions coming into us.
Andy Watts: So when the guidance we gave on the 50 basis points Adam that was a blended based upon the incremental organic. Lot depends upon how the program runs out. We've run a lot of different scenarios. But we think that's probably reasonable for what we know right now.
