Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, great report. I wanted to make a clarification. The dividend increased to $0.08 [ph], an increase of 6.7%. And I know you know that. In closing, we have really good momentum across the company and feel great about our business. I want to thank first and foremost our 10,000 teammates for all their contributions in 2018 to help grow our company and serve our customers and also for everything they’ll do in 2019. We remain optimistic about the economy, but as I mentioned earlier I think there's a reasonable possibility, the economy may slowdown in the second half of 2019 or in early 2020 and something that we watched very closely and we’ll keep you posted if and when we see that. We talked about premium rates earlier in the call and would say we don't expect any material changes in premium rates in 2019. There’s still a lot of capital out there that will keep pressure on rates and we just don't see them moving up. We feel really good about our acquisition activity in 2018 as we talked about. And today as I usually say, our pipeline is good. It's been that way for the past few years and we’re actively talking with the lot of people. We will remain disciplined in our approach as you've heard me say before when and why someone sells is different for each party, but we’re always out talking to people and when that time comes we would like to be considered particularly if there's a cultural fit. As we’ve said in the past one of the most important things we can do is invest in our teammates. We’re proud to announce that we're setting aside $25 million to help fund an education program for our teammates and their dependents. The interest income from this money will be used to fund tuition reimbursements, student loan repayments and scholarships for dependents of teammates. This new program will commence this year in 2019 and is something we expect to continue going forward. We believe this program will be great benefit and motivator for our teammates. Our goal is continue to grow the top line and the bottom line and do this in a disciplined manner. In 2019 we expect to generate over $500 million in cash. Again, something we’re very proud of. Our capital deployment philosophy is to invest this money into acquisitions, return it to our shareholders, pay down our debt and invest to where appropriate in our businesses. We will do this prudently with the objective of driving long-term shareholder value. With that, let turn it back over to Bryce to start the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Sure. Well, remember Elyse, as we’ve talked about, we don’t think – we don’t look as much at quarterly results. We look at the yearly results overall as a kind of a barometer to success. And so, we had a good quarter in Q4. We always like to write more new business, but we wrote a good amount of new business and we’ve done a nice job in retaining our clients as well. But we're very pleased with the 3.5% organic growth for the quarter. And as I said -- as I've referred back to the prior four years, I just look at the trend 1.4%, 1.8%, 2.9%, 3.0%. That's how I look at it.
Powell Brown: Yes. So Elyse, coming back to some of the comments we've made. So, yes, you're correct. On Hays and the guidance that we've given, so make sure you incorporate that. Keep in mind, our comment about the $8 million adjustment that we recorded in the third quarter of 2018. Again, that will not recur, so that will be an impact. And then think about also the guidance that we've given on services, and then also keep in mind the stock comps. So those are the primary ones. Okay? No other items.
Powell Brown: Good morning Kai. Thanks for the question. As you know, we've talked, we don't give organic growth guidance. We have always said in our business both the overall business and even in retail that we believe it's a low-to-mid-single-digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. So, the answer is we’ve got some positive things gone and we're going to have some headwinds too, and it's going to all work out in the end, but we're not going to give you -- we're not going to say like some others. This is what our organic growth is going to be for the year.
Powell Brown: No. It wouldn’t. I think those programs as we mentioned during the commentary is they are progressing along in accordance with plan. If you go back to our previous decks that we've talked about, they are progressing along. But no, they would not be enough to offset the other items.
Powell Brown: Okay. So the first thing you're asking about Greg, we call the producer incentive plan and the producer incentive plan is working in line with exactly what we thought it was going to do. So we're pleased with the results. And every year we look at how it's operated and we've been very pleased since inception with its results. So, we think that's a positive going forward. You talked about the tech spend and I think that tech, its an important point to make is we don't believe that there's going to be an additional or additional moneys in the tech spend that we're aware of or that are known. And what I mean by that is as you know there are certain states that are imposing cyber security or and/or cyber guidelines which may in fact actually increase that spend at some time in the future that we're not aware of to be in compliance. So you've heard us talk and others probably talk about the New York, the DFS regulations and compliance in New York, if you do business -- any of your businesses do work in New York State, that's an example. But as it relates to Hays the short answer is relative to the incentive plan and/or the tech spend we believe that their expenses anticipated are actually reflected in the guidance that we gave last year and Andy just reiterated.
Powell Brown: Sure. So, remember I feel -- we feel the best about our company today that we ever have in terms of the capabilities our teammates, the way we work collaboratively across the organization to the benefit of our customers. So, that's just categoric. I mean, I feel really and we feel really good about that. I think that there's going to continue to be some interesting opportunities that will be presented to us. I'm not foreshadowing something. Everybody -- I get a kick out of – Yaron, they say, well, when are you going to do your next big deal or what are you doing with the money on the balance sheet or what are you doing. And the answer is we're going to invest it wisely and when the right opportunity comes along we're going to make that investment. Case in point with the investments we made last year. But I just think that from a standpoint of -- I just think that we're well positioned to continue to steadily grow our business to improve the margin profile. And we just need to be mindful of those things. I mean once again I am not an economist by profession. I do have an economics degree from the University of Florida. I will tell you that there are lots of things that I look at that may not directly impact the U.S. economy but, by god they're going to surely indirectly impact the U.S. economy. And so there are all kinds of things that sit out there that a lot of people maybe they don't think about and maybe they won't impact ours. But that's part of my job is to think about things that could potentially impact our business and foreshadow those. I think it's pretty clear that if you talk to many CEOs in the United States, there is a feeling that sometime in the latter half of the year or early part of next year we may have a slowdown economically. There also happens to be a lot of questions around transitions with Brexit, Angela Merkel, Italy, China and the rest. And so trade wars and how that impacts our customers and their businesses and things like that. So, I think it's kind of a balance and I'm an optimist but I'm a realist, and I think that's reflected in our company. We are optimist and we are realists. And so we go in with very positive feelings about 2019, but we're just trying to make sure that you're aware that these are the things we're thinking about.
Powell Brown: Yes. Good morning. No nothing real unusual for the fourth quarter. Everything still right in line with what we were expecting. So it's progressing along course.
Powell Brown: Mike, good morning, let’s make sure we’re clear the producer incentive plan impacts a small group relatively speaking of people in the overall company. So that's in our retail segment. And it impacts a group of people that are on commission only. And so, having said that in a certain segment of the business -- having said that there’s impacts across the entire organization in terms of wage pressure. Here's the way we look at it. At the end of the day we're trying to attract, retain, reward and develop the most talented people that fit culturally with our organization. And having said that, we periodically come across people who we feel and I tell our teammates this, we can't -- it would be a mistake not to hire them. If they're not in the budget then you just figure it out. And so I think that it's just like anything else. It's not purely linear, Mike. And that's the reason I say that because I think -- we think of it about one person at a time. And so if that impacts all of a sudden 35 offices then it may have a -- it may drive our S&R up slightly that quarter or the next two quarters. But then they start making such a positive impact on the organization and helping us either retain our existing clients or write new clients. So I don't want to give you the impression that it's not a tailwind. I think that the producer incentive plan is working very well. We're very pleased with it. But I just want to remind you it impacts a relatively small number of people of the 10000 total teammates. So we're always mindful of wage pressure, but that means we need to grow the company both organically and through acquisition.
Powell Brown: Limited, and the reason is the amount of self-funded business and/or in many states the smaller market, smaller market depending on a state defined is under 50 lives or under 100 lives. The companies in many states have moved the way you're paid on them from a commission whereas you know Mark if the premiums go up you would get more income to per head per month. So the only way you get additional commissions would be if you add another head or another bellybutton and it's what they use, the term. So the answer is limited.
Powell Brown: Good morning, Josh. So what we said on previous calls is the margin on storm claim related activity is higher than our average. We have not said exactly what the margin is.
Powell Brown: And so you're going to see it -- you're just not going to see a margin movement on a couple million dollars of flood claim activity.
Powell Brown: Now the only the only piece in there is again when you're modeling it just keep in mind that we were making our core commercial program. We had not made the lap on it in the first half of 2018. So remember that program we started that up in July of 2017, okay.
Powell Brown: Yes. It does include contingent commissions and GSCs. And yes, they are in a similar percentage ratio.
Powell Brown: I think it depends on how the clients manage their exposure units. And what I mean by that is there are some customers which will adjust their insurance exposure units particularly on larger accounts right when they see that change and sometimes they won't. And so there inherently I would say that there would be slight lag, but you could see other people adjusting if I mean like I said I don't think this would be the case, but if it was a severe rapid downturn then could people adjust their exposure units being their payrolls or their number of vehicles on the road or whatever the case may be. Could they adjust the midyear? And the answer is they could.
Powell Brown: It’s retail business. And remember they have a very large employee benefits portion of their business which is why from a rev rec standpoint, that's moved into Q1.
Powell Brown: Yes, Bob, just make sure you look back to slide number 19 on Hays, because the phasing by quarter is really important.
Powell Brown: We’ll integrate the applicable offices at the right time when it's right for the business, but we're not driving down a plan that to kind of crash everybody together, Bob, that's not the goal. Again we're trying to keep all the momentum on the top line moving forward.
Powell Brown: Well, I think it depends on the -- how the rest of the market responds. And what I mean by that is if you have a big player in a segment as you referenced and they pull out or they double or triple or quadruple their pricing on that same exposure unit depending on how quickly the market would come in and fill that void is going to impact if it's going to be that positive for us or not. I would tell you based on everything that I'm hearing that there's plenty of capacity in many other instances to fill that right now. So could there be a certain class that I'm not aware of? Absolutely, there could be. But as a general statement I believe there are other markets who are willing and want and willing to fill that gap.
Powell Brown: Yes. We haven't talked about the production growth publicly. And we aren't going to do that in terms of how many we've added or how many have left or whatever. But we're growing our business nicely and it's reflected in the organic growth and we continue to always look for people that can help bring new customers in.
Powell Brown: Sure. Well I mean we have a way now to better look inside of our data and look at similar classes of business whether it would be in a state or in a region or across the country. And we are able to share information more easily which enables our teammates we believe to bring better solutions to our customers. So as we continue to migrate everybody onto this new one agency management system we think that that will only continue that that capability will be enhanced. So we put the first things in place and as we continue to migrate the rest of the offices onto that system we know and that it will get even better.
Powell Brown: Right now we are looking at another -- it's -- it would be between 2019 and 2020. And if you take -- if we didn't do another acquisition which we're going to, so that's a little bit misleading, but if we didn't do another acquisition the existing businesses that we have it would take till the end of 2020 to migrate everybody across.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Bryce. And we appreciate everybody's time today. We wish you a great day and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Andrew Watts: Hi. Good morning Elyse. Good question. Let me take the last one, and I’ll come to the first. The comment was associated with just retail, and as we look out to 2019 and just the implementation of rev rec, there’s going to be some noise between the first and second quarter, so that’s why our comment was -- whatever you anticipate the full-year organic to be, the average in the first quarter will be a little bit lower and will be higher in the second quarter, so it’s just kind of a waiting.
Andrew Watts: Kai, what we would suggest on this one is definitely do your projections by segment, don't use kind of just a blanket percentage because you'd be -- more than likely, you would end up getting a very different answer, because the performance in each other will be different in 2019 based upon the guidance that we've given.
Andrew Watts: Yes. The guidance that we gave back on the third quarter as we said it would be around 100 basis points. So somewhere in that range, depending upon if we're on the higher or lower end of the guidance that we've given.
Andrew Watts: Yes. So the guidance that we gave on it is, it will be an incremental expense year-over-year of another $3 million to $5 million in 2019.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Well, first of all, I think it's as competitive as it's ever been. So that's not -- that hasn't changed. The last count and it seems like there's always somebody new considering getting in, but there's somewhere between 28 and 30 private equity backed firms. And typically what we see when we're involved in these transactions and this is not new, Greg, is usually there are a group of firms that are involved on a pretty constant and consistent basis and you can many times throw a blanket over kind of the group of the offers there and then it comes down to cultural fit and how that might work. Having said that, periodically in those instances you have one outlier and that outlier might be a new private equity firm coming in or them buying into a new part of the country or they do something that just doesn't seem to make sense to us and/or the rest of the group seemingly based on the offers that are given. But I think the most important thing is cultural fit and we always talk about that. But there's a there's a lot of firms that -- the thing that I would say that's a little continues to amaze me is at the end of the day private equity can give an offer within like 30 minutes and just throw it out on the table and that's not the way we operate. And we think a lot about the cultural fit and the talent and the people and there are a lot of talented firms out there that wouldn't fit culturally with us and we wouldn't fit with them. And so we want to know that up front. And so we spend a lot of time on vetting that process more than anything else. And then ultimately if there's a cultural fit we usually think that we have a pretty good shot of doing the transaction. But it amazes me when you're just putting things together with baling wire and chewing gum that they just -- they put offers out there with boom, boom boom, boom, boom, so it's very interesting. It's just -- it's different from an operator standpoint to a financial consolidator, that's what I would say.
Andrew Watts: Well, the answer to the question is we have but it's a secret. And so, we will roll that out probably at the end of the Q1 because we are galvanizing all of our teammates around that theme. But what I would say is this, if you remember, Greg, and I appreciate the offer. When we were a billion dollars in revenue and we said we were going to be 2 billion, everybody said the following. How long is it going to take you to get there and what's the margin. And we basically said if we wanted to be 2 billion or to double overnight we could have done that in the last month, the last six months or the last year, but culturally that wouldn't have made sense. And more importantly it wouldn't have made sense for our teammates of which our teammate owns 30% of the company. So what I would tell you is this; when we double again as a company it's not the number of years that takes, it's the quality of the people, it's the quality of the people that we add. And so interestingly enough from a shareholder standpoint we believe that that applies to all shareholders not just teammates. That just is an interesting unique fact that you know that we happen to be large owners of the company which I believe is something that investors would find interesting. There's alignment.
Andrew Watts: I think it's fair. It's kind of interesting because I went back and looked real closely at their performance over the last several years and they've had one fourth quarter they'd have a really good fourth quarter relatively speaking and then they might have a slight down quarter year over year over year if you go back to 15, so you have up down, up down, up down. I don't want you to read something into one quarter performance in wholesale. That's a business that's had the most steady organic growth in our system over the last six years. And so I look at it and say they just didn't grow as much in Q4. But remember they grew 7.7% in Q3. They grew five point three and two and they grew six point one in one. So, there's a five seven over the entire year. I feel real comfortable about Tony Strianese and his team.
Andrew Watts: Yes. So good morning Mark, it’s Andy here. So think about those two in two different ways, okay. Is on the IT side, yes, you’re correct from a spent and thinking about it as a percentage of revenue. So that is correct. On the retail incentive program, it's actually not about the expense. If you recall back when we talked about the program is the goal there was to drive incremental organic revenue which therefore compounds over time. So the expense remains relatively constant. We're just growing off of a larger base. So what that really means is and that's why we said in our previous comments you would see some margin expansion out in 2019. That's how the plan works and is designed.
Andrew Watts: If total revenues grow faster than the increased stock comp, you are correct. Yes, that would be a margin. So the guidance that we gave on it was 3 million to 5 million. And if you look at the cash flow statement you can see we had about $33 million – $33.5 million of stock comp in 2018.
Andrew Watts: So, Josh, definitely look at how the quarterly numbers have fallen now because the impact of the new revenue standard has absolutely moved revenue and margin around by quarter without a doubt. And if you remember back we had the margins on some of the different businesses were different by quarter, some of that has leveled out, so definitely look at it by quarter now.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Go back. If you look at -- so here's probably the way to think about it. Look at the rev rec slide that we included inside there. So if we go back to and if you look at slide 18. So we moved $27 million of revenue into the first quarter and then 14 into on the income before income tax, it about offsets in the second quarter.
Andrew Watts: That is included of integration cost. So again we don't have restructuring cost. We've got integration. And what we said on our previous comments is, they are more heavily weighted to the out years. We're really just trying to get all of our teams together and figure out all the moving parts in it, but we're not. And again similar to our previous discussion the objective of this transaction was not to drive cost out, right. The objective was to drive the top line and grow the business. We will get some cost out but it is not a cost play.
