Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. As we look at the economy and outlook for 2024, we anticipate that inflation will continue to moderate downwards in the markets in which we operate. As a result, we're expecting the consumer to further drive demand for products and services and we anticipate most companies will continue to hire and invest, although at a potentially slower rate. Regarding the admitted markets, we believe rate changes will be similar to 2023. We think CAT property rates are nearing their peak. Therefore, we would expect CAT property rate increases for the first half of '24 to be in the range of flat-to-up 10%, obviously, subject to loss experience in construction type. On an M&A front, the overall market will remain competitive and we don't expect any material changes in multiples. We have a very good pipeline and are talking with many companies. As we've mentioned, cultural alignment is the key to our long-term success. Lastly and most importantly is our team. Our consistently strong industry-leading results are only possible through the dedication and determination of our team to deliver for our customers. As we head into 2024 and on our way to our next intermediate goal of $8 billion in annual revenues, we have great momentum across the entire company and feel really good about our position. With that, I'll turn it back over to Michelle, and open the lines for Q&A.
Powell Brown: You got to get closer to your phone or something. You're cracking up quite a bit coming through on the phone.
Powell Brown: No. Just the ones that we mentioned. So if you look, our commentary was that the remaining businesses and services will shift over into Retail. And then the historical will also restate for the businesses that move to Retail as well as sold moves into Programs. So margin profile is not radically different on -- between all the sold and the retained businesses.
Powell Brown: So the answer, Jack is, yes, they are having a positive impact. Remember, we have personal lines in all three of the major segments. And as you may remember, in many years past that was a headwind in the wholesale. And we've said that that is now a growing segment, which we're positive about is growing in Retail, and it's also growing in Programs. So we think it's a positive.
Powell Brown: So, Elyse, good morning, and thank you for the question. We, one, are very pleased with the businesses that have joined in England since the middle of 2022. And the businesses are performing at or above our expectations. And we have also said that just -- as we don't give guidance, but I would tell you that they perform in a very similar way to our domestic retail business. So we're very pleased and continue to do acquisitions there. So, Mike Bruce, who's the Head of our European Operations, and his team have continued to do small and medium acquisitions over there. And we're very pleased with the capabilities and the people that have joined. So, very pleased.
Powell Brown: So I know this -- you're not going to -- good morning, Greg. You're not going to like this answer exactly, but it obviously depends on the magnitude of the storm and how that impacts admitted markets versus non -- the non-admitted markets is different. But admitted markets, the Program business versus Wholesale business versus Retail business. And the answer is, it's very hard to estimate. So we can't run a model or we don't run, I shouldn't say that, we don't run a model where you put a big storm into Florida or into Texas or Louisiana and then it spits out the other side. The answer is we did have a great year in terms of profit sharing this last year. But as Andy said, we understand that it may have been an -- I'm not going to say an over-performance, but a very high performance.
Powell Brown: Sure. So remember, Greg, if you go back over an extended period of time, we've always said two-thirds of our growth is exposure units and one-third would be rate. That's how we've always described it since I've been in this position. So that's number one. Number two, the impact of rate is going to be different on different segments and locations in the business. If you're in a coastal community in Florida, the impact of property rate could be substantial in some of your growth. And that said, they could still be writing a ton of new business on top of that. Conversely, if you're in Denver, Colorado or Nashville, Tennessee, you may not have that big of an impact on rate. So you're already -- you already kind of called it. We don't give organic growth guidance. That's basically the answer. We have said historically that this is a low to mid-single-digit organic growth business in a steady-state economy. We have over-performed in organic growth the last couple of years and we're really proud of it. And I know each of you are trying to anticipate what all that means. And basically, the way we look at it is we have to first deliver for our customers. So we want to keep the business that we've got and based upon the capabilities and the good job that we do for existing customer base, we go out and we write a lot of new business. And so I think it's important to differentiate. I wouldn't want you to get so focused just on rate. I think it's more important that it is the activity which we do, i.e. the new business culture at Brown & Brown, whereby we are out always talking to prospects and to our existing customers. So we think that the organic growth profile for 2024 is good. We don't know what it's going to be and you don't know what it's going to be. And I know that's hard for you to model, but the answer is, remember, we've been doing this for 85 years and we have a pretty good understanding about how our business operates and the segments in the market that we serve and the capabilities that we have and that that we're building. So I would tell you that we couldn't be more happy with the performance last year. If you notice our performance against our publicly traded peers in that particular environment, we are at or near the top of that list while we've been leading margins and cash flow for many years. And so we're just kind of generally pumped on where the business is.
Powell Brown: We're very pleased with the way the business performed in Q4, and more importantly, for the year. So we're very pleased with the way the Benefits business is working.
Powell Brown: Can I also input something here, Rob, that you haven't asked? You heard me say that the margins, if in fact that didn't occur, would have been up 900 basis points -- the -- organic. Sorry, not margins. Organic would be up 900 basis points. The overall business, if you looked at it, would have grown 9.9%.
Powell Brown: Sure. So, Rob, I've only been in the insurance business now for 34 years. So I don't have the scope and impact of knowledge that my father does at age 86. But I will tell you, since I started in the insurance business, the industry has been talking about the under -- the inadequate pricing of casualty. That's since 1990. And the industry has not done a very good job of being able to increase the price on casualty. So I think we're going to continue to hear people on the risk-bearing side talk about the need for increased reserves and what that means is we need to increase prices and all that other stuff. But the simple fact is this, people are trying to balance their portfolios with the cap that they have in it. And as a result, casualty premiums are long tail in nature, and they're appealing. So I don't think that they're going to be able to get the pricing that they want or think they need, which is a nice way of saying that I would be surprised if you see a significant upward pressure on casualty pricing. They may talk about it, but I'm just saying that's 34 years in.
Powell Brown: Okay, so let's talk about employee benefits. Remember, from an employee benefit standpoint, you have a couple things going on. You have, obviously, you would think when you add a new employee onto a plan that generally would increase the commission or potential fee or something to that effect. There is a segment, a smaller segment of that book of business where there's sort of -- it is an amount per employee and it doesn't go up like a commission. So it's like a price per head. So I think of it in a weird way it's like a capitated plan a little bit. So it's -- that's the first thing. The second thing is in our Retail business of roughly $2.5 billion, we have about --
Powell Brown: Yeah, about 35% of the business is employee benefits. And that's a business that we have consciously invested in over the last, let's say 10 years. And when I say consciously invested, not only in the middle market space, but in the upper middle market and the very large space and are very pleased with the ability to serve customers in all of those segments. And we very much enjoy going out and trying to earn business and have been successful and think we can even be more successful going forward. So we think it's a great business for us.
Powell Brown: I want to make sure I heard that correctly. Meyer, can you repeat the question? Because there was a word or two that cracked up in there.
Powell Brown: Okay, so let's back up and say there's an enormous amount of business that's CAT exposed, that was already in the E&S market. They're constantly and consistently in the traditional admitted market. Carriers by name that you may follow or know, are evaluating their CAT property exposure and are making decisions whereby should they renew that on an admitted basis or does that in turn get picked up by another admitted market or does it go into the E&S market? So what I would tell you is that there's lots of business that flows in and out, I shouldn't say lots. There is a good amount of business that goes into the E&S market in '23, and I think there will continue to be a flow of business out of the admitted market into the E&S market in '24. Is it an equal amount? I don't know, but I think more importantly, inside the wholesale space, there's an enormous amount, an enormous number of opportunities for us to write business that still and has been in the past in the E&S space. So there's more than enough business for us to write in the existing space without one account coming over in the -- from the admitted market. I think that's going to continue because in my career and yours as well, you've seen more of a shift in E&S market, and I think admitted carriers will continue to evaluate their position in particular CAT-prone areas.
Powell Brown: Yeah. So I think that we continue to, as we said in our comments, see inflationary pressure and things trending down. And we do -- it's very interesting, Michael, that there is a more, I believe, optimistic view in our consumer base, even in light of some of the challenges that face us globally. So it's a unique dynamic and how ultimately people continue to think about investing in their business is yet to be determined. We have historically, over the past year, talked about, we use the term this quarter cautiously optimistic. I think that's a very, very good way to put it. But we've seen over the past year, people sort of pause on making major capital investments, i.e, buying the new machine versus doing some maintenance work. I'll be interested to see this year if our customers buy the new machine. And so that's yet to be determined. But there is definitely a feeling of optimism in our client base, not all of them, but I'm saying if you made a broad generalized, it is more optimistic. Yes.
Powell Brown: Well, let's back up for just a moment. I don't think that there's necessarily one customer type or one region, but I'm going to give you an example. But this is not only the capacity in this example. If you take a condo association in Florida, and for the last five years in a row, they've seen rate increases. They're exhausted and tired of it. And in some instances, the condo association will shoot the messenger, even though we are delivering the best product in the market. And so whether you apply that same philosophy to a manufacturer, a developer, an owner of nursing homes, a non-profit, whatever the case may be, I believe, Scott, sometimes people in the analyst community believe it's all about rate increases. And as Andy said earlier, it's -- it can be about rate, but really it's more about the absolute dollars that the insured has to pay. And so there is a lot of chafe when their exposure units are flat to down and their premium dollars are going up. That's the way I try to put it. And so there's not one class of business, I will tell you this, that our organization, if you make a broad statement, we can thrive in a market where the rates are going up, when the rates are sideways, and when rates are going down. Generally speaking, in Retail, it works in all of those. In Wholesale, it works up or down, generally flat is kind of a little weird, and it works in Programs. So that's kind of a very broad statement around your question on rates.
Powell Brown: I think if you want to think of it in a textbook answer, the answer is yes. But in practical application, I think it's a neutral.
Powell Brown: No, I don't want you to think about it that way. This is kind of how a lot of people -- well, I shouldn't say that. I think some people think about the brokerage space. One, it's a GDP plus or minus, but plus growth business, whatever that is. And so then you have to think about what does inflation do to impact GDP. And if you think about that a little bit. It's sort of kind of baked into how our business operates. But please don't lose sight of, the impact of inflation and rate over a long period of time, and when I say a long period of time, I'm not talking about a year. I'm talking 10 years, 20 years, 30 years in our business, we would say in a more steady state economy, it's two-thirds exposure unit, one -third rate. And those exposure units, whether they go up or down because of economic impacts, inflation or all of the above, we just have to continue to execute and sell more new business and keep the business that we've got. That's how we think about it.
Powell Brown: So the answer to that is no. What I would tell you is in the last, probably half of the year, but even in Q4 and into this -- going into the first part of this year, I think there continues to be an evaluation by admitted markets of segments of their books of business. So let's just look at it in three segments kind of like our business. So in Retail, they're basically looking at their CAT exposure and their loss profile, even on casualty and executive liability, and they're saying, what do we need to get off? What do we want to write more of? That's good. That sort of the impact there would be CAT capacity. If you go to Wholesale, generally speaking, those admitted carriers with their wholesale markets, you would think that they're growing and they could be growing substantially as a percentage, but it's a small portion of their overall premium. And then third in Programs, regardless of if it's CAT or casualty, they continue to look very closely at the profitability of those programs. And I have heard or seen a number of markets backing off programs that are not meeting their criteria for profitability. And so I believe that there's going to be a broad statement. There will be some more changes in the Program space because markets will continue to review profitability of lines of business because their results are going up and they're trying to bulletproof those for a long term.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Michelle. We appreciate everybody's time this morning. I was surprised we didn't get one question. So I will ask the question and then I will answer it. You know at Brown & Brown, we're a very goal-oriented company. We set goals. We achieve those goals and then we set a new goal. 12 years ago, we were roughly $1 billion of revenue and we set a goal to get to $2 billion in revenue. And in seven years, we took it from $1 billion to $2 billion. Then we set a new goal which was bring $2 billion to $4 billion. And five years hence, we actually went from $2 billion to $4 billion. Now we're setting a new goal of $8 billion in revenue. Somebody would have asked, when are you going to get there? And the answer is, we don't have a timeframe. And the reason I say that is if we wanted to be $8 billion of revenue, we could go out and do that, but it would not be in the best interest of our shareholders, which in turn, 22% of the company is owned by teammates. So there is incredible alignment in our organization in terms of our long-term goals and objectives. As you heard in Andy's remarks and my remarks, we are very pleased with the performance of 2023 and we are equally excited about the prospects for '24. We also know that at some point the economy will slow down. All right. So we acknowledge that. But it seems that that probably will not happen in the near term is that the next six to 12 months. I think one of the things that's buoying that is the presidential election. But there's a lot more that goes into that. So you're not going to want to have changes if you can help it in the economy. It will be interesting to see what the Fed does with interest rates and how all that translates into the business environment. With that said, I'd like to say thank you again. We are pumped about our business and the future at Brown & Brown on our way to $8 billion, and we look forward to talking to you next time. Good day and good luck.
Andrew Watts: Well, you got to remember -- so there's two pieces to it, Elyse, is it does limit our P&L exposure. So we said in 2023, it was about $25 million. So going into '24, it'll be somewhere between $15 million and $20 million, but -- and then it will also drive an incremental organic growth of $15 million to $20 million. So you got to put both of those pieces together, okay.
Andrew Watts: I think, yeah, if you go back, good catch on the third quarter. As we've talked about, we normally model in kind of 1.5 storms. You never know when -- what it's going to actually look like and I guess higher likelihood of it being in the third quarter. But that's probably a reasonable approach. So if you do that, you would expect for the margins to be down a little bit in the third quarter, and then just keep in mind the -- making the lap into the fourth quarter on the $19 million. But otherwise, those are kind of the bigger items. We did call out some adjustments to the contingents in second quarter on part of the lost development during the year. So those kind of be the -- I think, the big ones to keep in mind. Otherwise, no major changes in the seasonality of the margins.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. And Greg, keep in mind that in 2022, remember, we backed out $15 million in contingents in the third quarter and then -- which -- some of those with lost development not as significant as what was originally anticipated. Some of that got adjusted in the fourth quarter and then we also had adjustments in '23. So it really -- it's difficult on these to determine where it's going to be, the magnitude and everything else. So we would anticipate probably some sort of impact. The question is, don't know exactly what that would look like.
Andrew Watts: Hey, Greg, I also add to that. I think it's important to think about what happens in the marketplace through the lens of the buyer, of the insurance, right? And rate, while that's an important factor, that's not the only factor that drives the buyer, right? Quite often they're focused on the absolute dollar, right? Because you got to think about through their lens, they're managing a cost in their P&L. And so there's a lot of factors that they're going to take into consideration. We've talked about this over the past few years, right? So if rates are going up, right, they're probably adjusting their limits, they're adjusting deductibles. And same thing can happen if rates soften a little bit. Well, that may allow them to maybe increase some of their limits or back and forth. But think about it through the lens of premium, not just rate online. I know a lot of people are writing about this right now, but much -- in some aspects it's much more simple and much more complex than that.
Andrew Watts: It's pretty close on it, Rob. So that's why when we said that -- while we were down 40 basis points for the quarter, you can kind of run the math through. So isolating that, our margins would have been up quite well for the quarter, which we're very, very pleased about.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. It's -- so again, on the company-owned life insurance, this have an impact on our numbers based upon how the market moves either up or down. So when you see the market going up, right, it will impact the S&R and the offset is down in other operating expense. The impact on margins is basically almost zero. So for the quarter itself, it was a drag on the S&R as a percentage of revenue of about 150 basis points and last year it was about 60 basis points. So we kind of look at those both ways internally kind of puts our S&R substantially flat year-over-year, ex-COLI, so. And again, those are going to move around. That's not something that we're able to forecast because it all depends upon how the market moves and then it's the comparison to how the market moved the year before.
Andrew Watts: Hey, Meyer, on that, it's also probably always helpful is to bifurcate that between the commercial and the personal lines, because there's different kind of profile and activity underneath of there. Back to our comments, in the four states that we talked about is, we are seeing more personal lines into the E&S space, and we would expect to see that in 2024 until those markets calm down. And then it may seem some of the other carriers come back in, but that doesn't appear to be anything in the near term.
Andrew Watts: Yeah, Mike, for '24, we think -- at least, on the ratio of cash flow from operations, we'll let you guys drop in kind of what you think on the CapEx and everything, but we're thinking 22% to 24% on cash flow from Ops as a percentage of revenues, feels like a pretty good range for us.
Andrew Watts: Let's see. I don't know. We probably won't go that far out. But if we look at the captives as we generated $25 million plus last year, generated about $30 million in 2023, and then we've kind of given an idea of guidance of what we think it looks like for 2024. We're really, really pleased with the captives, with the growth we've delivered on the top line, as we mentioned, the alignment with our carriers and the returns that they provided for the capital that we've put into those. We're extremely, extremely pleased with them. So don't take that that means that we're going to do more of them, whatever. That's not the comment. But for the ones that we have, we're very, very pleased with the programs that they sit on top of. And again, they're sitting on programs that we think deliver some of the best underwriting results in the industry.
Andrew Watts: Morning, Grace. It's Andy here. No, we didn't give a -- an outlook on investment income. So we weren't going to try to hypothesize or predict what will happen to interest rates, at least for the -- all the governing banks and the markets that we operate in inside of. We figured you guys are pretty well positioned to come up with your own determination that's there, because some of it also is based upon just the amount of capital that flows through the organization and what we hold during the year. So those pieces can move up and down.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks, and good morning. Andy, you mentioned company-owned life insurance and I didn't catch what the impact was on the quarterly results.
Meyer Shields: Yeah, no, that's exactly what you needed. And then final question because we've gotten different viewpoints from different people. But when you look at the shift of some catastrophe exposed wholesale or, sorry, catastrophe exposed property business to the wholesale channel in 2023, is that basically like a one year shift, and now we're done, and if nothing changes, then that impact slows or should that persist in 2024 at more or less the same pace that we saw this year or I guess it's last year now.
Meyer Shields: Yeah, absolutely. One of the themes of 2023 seems to be a lot of catastrophe exposed property business moving to the wholesale channel from the retail channel, which is great news for companies with wholesale brokerage, and wondering basically whether that shift, as you see it, is mostly done or there are reasons to expect it to continue in 2024.
Michael Ward: Thanks, guys. Good morning. You mentioned the remaining portion of Services was moving to Retail. I was just curious if you anticipate holding on to those businesses or if there's any alternative plans.
Michael Ward: Great. And then maybe on the, in the slide deck, the macro commentary kind of seemed a little bit less cautious to us. Just curious if you might agree with that. There's a lot influx, kind of with the Fed and rates and inflation, but just curious how your clients are feeling if there's, I guess, a little bit more positivity or uncertainty, vice versa.
Michael Ward: Interesting. Thank you. Maybe one last one. Just on free cash flow. I think cash flow conversion for you guys was a little below 24% in '23. Just curious if we should expect that similar level into next year or this year, if there's any puts and takes there.
