Powell Brown: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning everybody. We’re pleased with our organic growth in Q3. It was in line with our expectations, and there are some positive signs within our retail division that you’ll hear about. Rates are up in many places, flat in some places, and rarely but periodically down, and we also closed one acquisition, as you know, in Q3 for $5.8 million in revenue. With that, I’ll turn it over to Cory for our financial report.
Powell Brown: Sure. Good morning, Keith. I will tell you that what we’re seeing is, number one, we buy businesses and invest in businesses because they have good people, and good people develop and run good businesses and attract more good people. And so over a long period of time, Arrowhead has developed a reputation for doing a very good job in running programs for our strategic partners that we work with there at Arrowhead. That’s the first thing. The second thing is they work, as you know, in three or four areas that are not easy to work in, so their four big markets prior to the addition to the automobile aftermarket program are California quake, both residential and commercial, non-standard auto, and workers’ compensation in California. So those are not easy classes of business to begin with, and so we have—so there’s lot of—it’s discombobulated in many of those markets which creates an opportunity for us. Then enter the opportunity with Zurich on top of that, which as Cory said is going to be a 20 to $25 million revenue piece for us next year, and we’re going to start getting revenue this month but we really think it will start flowing in really come 1/1, and that 20 to 25 will really start next year on a run rate.  And so there are also—finally Keith, there are some carriers who we believe see us as an option to efficiently distribute their product in a manner that maybe they would be doing it a little differently. That doesn’t mean it’s bad; it just means they would do it a little differently than we could with our technology platform and the distribution force and our agents. And so we think all of that is very positive, and we’re very pleased with the acquisition, and as you know we’re really pleased with organic growth at 13% for the quarter.
Powell Brown: Well if you remember, Sarah, in September at an investor conference, we said that we anticipated internal growth to be in the range of the first and second quarter for the second half of the year – that’d be Q3 and Q4. And as Cory said, actually when you look inside some of our numbers, we actually have improvement in margins in areas already, but in aggregate – remember, we say what it is, we take the good with the challenges – it is basically—as Cory said, it’s 35% EBITDA versus 35.4%. Well, if you go back into what Cory said, there’s just one line item that I would direct you to – that’s 1.9 million of additional expense that was accrued this quarter. That’s all you’ve got to look at, and so there’s already improvement.  And we believe that as we continue to grow, assuming the economy does what we hope Sarah, so if you’ve got something that we don’t know about, that’d be great; but we think that we can continue to see incremental improvement, and as we grow our business organically more quickly, that will help us lift the margins more quickly.
Powell Brown: The answer is we don’t know yet, but I said a year ago and I’ve said repeatedly that we would like to continue to do things that stimulate desired performance, and we are going to pay those people who help us drive this company to the next level. So you can interpret that any way you want, but I have said that our program is a one-year plan and we’re not going to be doing the same plan next year, but we reserve the right to do something that would stimulate growth in less dollars over an extended period of time.
Powell Brown: Well Greg, we don’t like to use the terms never or always; however, up to this point effectively we’ve never done a stock buyback except when you talk about an employee stock purchase plan, which is being technical. But we have always thought that we were better off to hold our cash and we thought that we would be able to deploy those in high quality investment opportunities to grow our business. So that’s a nice way of saying we don’t think that hard about stock buybacks. I would not like to say never or always, as I said again, but we’re focused on taking our earnings, paying out an appropriate amount in dividends and keeping the rest in the bucket so we can invest it in our business.
Powell Brown: Well here’s what I would say, Greg – first of all, we’ve been in situation where there has been potential changes in tax—or tax reform and changes before in the last several years and never seemed to get much lift. And so there’s a lot of commentary around the presidential campaign, as we would all imagine, and so I don’t believe anything, and we don’t believe anything until its done. But I would say that there is an increased interest in potentially combining with a larger firm like ours out there, and so we are talking to everybody as we always do, as I said earlier. The acquisition pipeline is always good, and you can ask me a year from now and it will probably be good, just like it was good a year ago. But people sell their businesses at different times for different reasons, and the good thing about it is we can buy them. We have the cash to do it, number one. We do what we say and say what we do, and we do it quickly; and so that’s known and people appreciate that. That doesn’t mean they have to culturally fit with us or anything else like that, but we are one that we can do it if we want to, and so that’s a good thing and we feel very positive about the outlook between now and the end of the year, and into next year. I don’t think it’s a next 90-day thing; that’s not what I’m saying. I just think that there’s a lot of activity, and we didn’t do that many in the third quarter and I hope to do more, and we hope to do more in the fourth quarter.
Powell Brown: Well, we basically said that on that 20 to $25 million of revenue for the first two years, that it’s going to be probably about a 10% margin; and then we think that that will move up into the more normal range. But we’re very pleased. There is, I think it’s 150 teammates that joined us through that. About 90 to 100 are in Kansas City. I was there a week and a half ago and met all of our teammates, and so we’re very pleased with that. And what also happens is as we grow the business, because Zurich has said they want to double the business in five years, that that will also help us lift the margin. So there’s a couple good things going on there.
Powell Brown: Yeah, no, no. We actually—there are other firms, as you have alluded to, that have created their own exchanges. We have taken the position that we’re not going to form our own exchange, and I’m not as familiar with those other organizations, what they’re doing. But we are not in the risk-bearing business. We do not want to be in the risk-bearing business. What we want to be able to do is evaluate options for our clients and propose solutions. One of those might be going to an exchange, and if in fact they go to an exchange, then we will probably get paid either in a traditional manner or maybe in some way that is yet to be developed. But we are evaluating the cost of going to those exchanges on behalf of our customers. We are talking about options when it gets to 2014, but as we’ve said before, we do not want to be a risk-bearer and we believe that there will be a multitude of options that we will be able to bring to bear for our customers. So we think options are good, as opposed to putting all your eggs in one basket.
Powell Brown: Yes, it’s progressing well. What I think it’s a function of simply—I mean, this is oversimplified, but pretty simply stated it’s the rate at which the renewals are going up year-over-year are moderating, and so remember you hear about rate increases in the standard market, and the pressure on rates on the standard market has not been going on as long as it has in the E&S market. So what I mean by that is using the investment community’s vernacular, they’ve been up year-over-year substantially in the E&S space, so the comps become a little tougher. Not bad – I’m just saying they become a little tougher, and rates aren’t going up as much, so that moderates the growth on the top line.
Powell Brown: Well, we did the acquisition of Arrowhead on January 9 of 2012, so effectively organic growth will actually start next January, meaning the first quarter of next year with Arrowhead.
Powell Brown: No, no, no. No, we have a residential quake program and a commercial quake program, and I don’t know where you’re picking that up but we have not—those were programs that—
Powell Brown: We are working on new programs there all the time, but just as a clarification, both quake programs are longstanding programs.
Powell Brown: No, no, no. Remember—well, like I said, when we acquired that business, we said and you may recall that we thought that business could grow at mid to high single digits. That’s what we said. So they had an exceptional quarter, number one. Number two, to answer your question specifically, what increases the buying habits of people buying earthquake coverage? Earthquakes. So if in fact there is an earthquake, the number of people that buy earthquake coverage will go up dramatically. You would find it interesting that in earthquake zones, I have been told by our teammates, that typically only around 13 to 15% of people in those zones buy earthquake coverage, and so in the event that there is a claim—I mean, if there was an event, more people will buy earthquake coverage. That’s number one. Number two to your question – why would people buy earthquake coverage from us, i.e. other than someone else, and the answer is we are typically the second or third-largest provider of earthquake coverage in the State of California, behind the California Earthquake Authority and possibly one, maybe two other non-admitted markets, and then us, meaning Arrowhead. And so longwinded answer of saying that they may have earthquake coverage placed elsewhere and they can’t get the appropriate limits, or maybe the terms and conditions on our program are better than the program that they have.
Powell Brown: Okay, so Josh, what you’ve just heard us describe is unprecedented. So I don’t know of anybody picking up a program—not that it hasn’t happened, but I can’t think of one off the top of my head. So I don’t want you to think that this is some emerging trend. We would love it to be an emerging trend with us and we are capable of doing it because we’ve got the platform to do it now; however, we have had a longstanding relationship with Zurich as an organization. With the acquisition of Arrowhead, that relationship almost doubled in size, and then on top of that this came on top. So we’ve had a very good relationship with that strong partner over a long period of time and it’s grown substantially in terms of volume over the last year via the acquisition of Arrowhead and us picking up this program to distribute on their behalf.
Powell Brown: They—well, let’s put it this way: we’re always talking to our strategic partners about how to grow our businesses, so I might say that could be a mutual discussion.
Powell Brown: And remember, Matt, just to go back, throughout this period of time, we’ve said that exposure units made up probably 75% of the economic downdraft when we came through the last four and a half or five years, and 25% would be rates. I would tell you that that’s typically the same. You can have little nuances where someone else earlier alluded to more accounts flowing into the E&S market in certain segments – yes, that helps on a temporary basis. But if you want the macro effect, we are a business, as you know, that is a proxy for the middle market economy, so as the economy improves, that helps our business improve.
Powell Brown: Yeah, well if you think about it – let’s go back to an interesting statistic and then I’ll answer that question. If you look at all the economic recovery since 1945 in the United States of America, the southeastern United States has led it out every time, and housing has been a big part of that relative to the construction and investment in our individual communities around in the southeastern United States. In this particular economic recovery, as you know, based on Federal Reserve data, the southeastern United States was the last of the Fed segments to lead out in terms of growth – that’s number one.  Number two, the construction business is lumpy in places like Florida specifically, and I go into offices and ask people, how are your contractors doing, and some of them say they’re doing well and they see upticks; some of them are down a little bit. But the prevailing thing, Matt, is this: they don’t have a lot of work in the pipeline nine months out, and that’s what scares people. That doesn’t mean there won’t be more work; I’m just saying they don’t have a good clear view into the next, let’s say, two years. In prior cycles, you’d have a one and a half, a two-year pipeline for really good contractors.  So I would tell you that the economy seems to be better here in Florida. People feel good. If you go to a restaurant, you’d see a lot of people in a restaurant out on a Wednesday or Thursday or Friday night. And the thing I like to say, and I know this resonates with you particularly in New York, is in February at 4:30 in the afternoon on a Thursday, it’s going to be dark and cold in New York City. On that same Thursday at 4:30 in the afternoon, it’s going to be sunny and beautiful here in Florida, and we have a somewhat more attractive tax climate here. And so what I mean by that is people are going to want to continue to come to Florida, and so that bodes well for the housing industry and people will have to build homes and condos, and so I think that’s a positive thing long term. It’s just slower in the recovery than any of us would like, but we’re just doing our part and trying to sell insurance and do all the best things we can for our existing customers and our new customers.
Powell Brown: I would say it’s similar, Matt, and let me give you an example. Let me give you a real example. I have a friend who runs a large contractor, and this is in the southeastern United States, and they were very large before the slowdown and they came down to maybe a third of their size, okay, at the peak. And now, they are probably about half of their size when they were at the peak, and they don’t have one thing in the pipe nine months from now – not one, and that scares them. It would scare me too. And this is a firm that is a very fine firm, and they literally—you know, mid-2000, they’d have two years of stacked up work coming out their ears. That’s just one example, but I’m just saying that’s not that uncommon.
Powell Brown: I would say, a broad-based statement, regionals tend to be more laser-focused in areas of the country that they are based in and that they have a lot of knowledge about, and classes of business that they feel really comfortable in doing. So yes, I think there continues to be a difference, and it can be pronounced, Ray, on some accounts and it can not pronounced on other accounts. So let me give you an example. Let’s pick a good one – you might have a food distributor. Not everybody wants food distributors, but if you had a food distributor and the national carrier wanted a 10% rate increase, and the regional carrier felt good about food distributors in their so-called region of the country, they may do it for flat, they may do it for 3%, 5%, up, or in some instances they might go down on the rate.  So I don’t think there’s one way to say—I hate to say that, Ray, because you can’t give any specifics. It’s more generalizations, but I would tell you that typically regional companies are more competitive than national companies if they want to be, particularly on certain classes of business in areas around the country.  I would say, the pricing—there’s not one statement, it’s 5% difference. It’s not like that. It could be the same on a bunch of accounts. They could be 10% less, they could be closer than that, but it just depends on the account, the loss experience, where you are in the country.
Powell Brown: No, no, no. The implication is remember, there’s been pretty significant rate pressure for a longer period of time, Brett, on the wholesale segment, and I was trying to give you the nuance of saying the rates in that segment are coming down now, and so the year-over-year comparisons are different. In the standard market, the rates have not been going up as long, but still rates are in some lines of business up, but they could be moderating too, we believe, into next year. That’s what we were saying.
Powell Brown: Well like I said, we have—like I said, we have as you know, an arrangement in taking over this program which would probably have the margins stay in that area with nominal growth. If the growth is quicker, then we don’t know what those are. We’re not trying to evasive, but we’re trying to basically say this is what we know.
Powell Brown: I could be wrong, but it’s somewhere in between the 140 and—let’s say, I’m thinking it’s 140. But one way or the other, it’s a very big program and we’re very pleased.
Powell Brown: Sure. Let’s start by saying where is it—there are some obvious and maybe some not so obvious places where it’s challenged, and then let’s talk about where you’re going to see upticks. Remember historically, people would say Florida, Michigan, the southwestern United States, all places that we have large concentrations of business would be tough areas to operate. I’ve said earlier that Florida is starting to see a little light at the end of the tunnel, and I think it’s better. It’s not good, but it’s better. In southwest Florida – Fort Myers, Naples area, the economy is a lot tougher down there than a lot of people realize and think, because you think that there’s a lot of people that retire from the midwest that are well-to-do and therefore the economy has to be good, and it’s just not that good. Conversely, when you say—you know, when I said in the midwest, which includes Michigan, we’re seeing uptick in exposure units in a lot of our offices – you know, 4, 5, 6, 8%.  So I think, Eric, to answer your question, I think it’s more of a broad-based scenario where we benefit from exposure increases in and around New York City. We benefit from exposure increases in the Pacific northwest. We benefit from in Florida anywhere. You know, the Pacific northwest was the last to go into the slowdown and they are probably one of the last to come out, and so places like Portland that have still a very significantly high unemployment rate, but businesses seem to be doing better there.  I would say the general statement if I made a comment on the middle market economy of America, and I’m not an economist, is this: what we’re seeing in our customers is that they are replacing newer vehicle with older vehicles, but they are not expanding their fleet sizes, and they are watching carefully and being very, very selective on how they invest in major capital improvements in their business.
Powell Brown: We don’t know the exact answer to that, but what is important, Eric, that you know is this: there are a lot of our teammates that have worked really hard over the last five years and they have kept every single one of their accounts, and the size of their books of businesses have shrunk because of shrinking exposure units. And so we did this for two reasons: number one, we did it to drive and stimulate growth, but we also did it for a reward for desired behavior in the sense that it’s been a tough five years in growing businesses, as you know, at least in our space, and so this was an opportunity to say thanks to everybody that’s pushing really hard in our system and give them a reward. So we haven’t broken it out, but I can tell you either way, we’re happy with the results.
Powell Brown: I don’t know. We’d like to think so. We’ve got some great leaders in there, but once again, it’s lumpier in that space and so I don’t know the answer to that. We think we can grow organically; we just don’t know if it can replicate those that have been released the last two quarters.
Powell Brown: Yeah, what we’re seeing is we’re beginning on some accounts to see additional premiums, which is positive, and we’re not seeing as many significant return premiums. So I’ve said starting early part of this year, Q1, Q2, that it’s really about a 16-month lag as you—well, 14 to 16 month lag, Chris, as you know, because if you bind an account in April of this last year, then it renews next April and the carrier had May and June to go out and do the actual audit, so it’s going to be 60 to 90 days after that that you have the additional premium. And all of those are not concurrent or April 1 or October 1. They come in April 15, April 1, April 30, any time you have an effective date. So I would say that the trend, if the economy continues to do what it seems to be doing, if it continues to perk along and go up, I think that’s positive on that.
Powell Brown: Okay. Last year we did $608 million of core revenue in retail. There was 190 million of employee benefits in there. This year, we’re probably on a run rate of about 230 in employee benefits.
Powell Brown: That’s number one. Number two, we think employee benefits right now is a very positive thing to internal growth. We are talking to all of our existing customers and specifically new customers about it because there’s all kind of confusion around healthcare reform and what happens when, and who does what and who’s responsible for what, and how do I get fined if this happens or do I get fined. And so a lot of it is we have to hold our customer’s hand, which is what we do, and educate them and walk them through the process to get them what’s in the best interest of their teammates. And so we see it as a very positive thing.
Powell Brown: No, pressure upwards – sorry. Upward pressure, I meant. Yeah, but I’m going to answer the question specifically. Of the $190 million of revenue last year, about a third of that business was ancillary business, so call that group life, group dental, group vision, disability, et cetera. Of that two-thirds that are left, just over half of that is large group – that’s in excess of 50 lives. So just slightly less than—let’s call it just slightly less than a third of that business is smaller group, and so depending on the part of the country you’re in, some of that business used to be on commission, and we’ve seen a lot of that move from a commission-based business to a per-head, per-month, so the only way we get more revenue is when they add new teammates. That’s number one. Number two, we are seeing in smaller businesses, particularly blue collar businesses, where people are just dropping the coverage. They say – I know this sounds crazy – they just say, let the government figure it out, and that’s real. I’m not making that up. So there are people that are good, hardworking citizens, but they basically say this is just too crazy and they just drop the coverage. We’re seeing that too.
Powell Brown: Yes, thank you Lisa. No additional remarks. I hope everybody has a wonderful quarter and we look forward to talking to you after Q4. Good day.
Cory Walker: Yes. It is accrued on a quarterly basis. This quarter, in the third quarter, we increased it by $1.9 million. We expect for the whole year it to be between 6 and $8 million, and I think we’re on track for that, so that’s it.
Cory Walker: You know, I’m not really sure I follow what you’re—oh, are you referring to the fact that we have retail as just one segment? I’m not sure I understand your question.
Cory Walker: Yeah, okay, I understand. I understand what you’re saying – that’s right. There was—we had three small programs that were in the program side that moved over into the wholesale segment, but basically at the end of this year, it’s over. You’ll basically have all the numbers. It’s not a lot of movement, but it was three small operations. 
Cory Walker: --and so that’s—but when you compare the internal growth numbers that I gave you, if you just take their numbers when they weren’t part of us and compare it to the third quarter numbers, and you do an internal growth schedule just for them independently, that’s 13%. And the growth of that came from primarily the earthquake program and the DIC, and part of that reason is, as you’ll remember, back in the late summer there was all these swarms of earthquake that kind of hit southern California, and any time the earth starts to move, you obviously get people that start saying, eh, maybe I ought to be buying earthquake. I’ve kind of bided my time; it’s been 20 years since the last earthquake, so you get stuff like that. So it basically is internal growth there, not new program development.
Cory Walker: Right, and the auto aftermarket, it will begin showing new revenue for Arrowhead a little bit in October, but it will really start in November and December. Now, from an official internal growth schedule, we will continue—whatever revenue they get from that auto aftermarket in November and December are going to be lumped into Arrowhead’s quote acquired revenues, and so won’t really reflect as internal growth for this year. Next year when Arrowhead now is with us 12 months, we’re going to be showing their total numbers as compared to the numbers that they reported in 2012, and that will be part of our internal growth. For the fourth quarter, we’ll do a similar thing we did just now, that we’ll tell you what Arrowhead’s internal growth was on a standalone basis so you’ll have essentially both numbers.
Cory Walker: And you know, the bottom line is that Arrowhead was able to show Zurich that we can better distribute their product and more efficiently and allow them to focus on the underwriting. And so it’s a win-win all the way around, so it worked very well.
Cory Walker: You know, I’ll tell you – we’re going through the budget process right now for next year, so quite frankly I don’t have that kind of detail yet. We’ll be going through that, but there are preliminary estimates. I’ll just have to stick with just the fact that it starts out at the 10% margin, somewhere between 10 and 15, and in future conference calls we’ll be able to give you a little better idea when we get through the whole budget season.
Cory Walker: No, we did have some rather large books that we did decide that it was best to sell at the beginning of the year, but you have those things here and there and it’s just this year was just a few larger ones.
Cory Walker: On that portion of it, because basically the carriers that used to pay us GSCs, they stopped paying us GSCs this year so they’ll calculate what the contingent amount would have been earned for this year and they’re going to pay it in 2013. But since it’s loss ratio based, you could have a big loss at the end of the year and therefore we can’t accrue it and we have to wait. So theoretically, if everything stays the same, we do what we think we should do, those GSCs that quote were eliminated from the current year 2012 revenue should naturally flow into the contingencies.
Cory Walker: Well yes, and exactly how much of that flows in is still in large part dependent upon how the clients process it. So clearly the $300,000 that’s down for this quarter just from prior year, and then some level of that will flow in higher, so it’s going to be somewhere above 300,000, up to a million.
Cory Walker: You know, as Powell mentioned, we’ve got about $165 million in premium in this program. The people that were Zurich employees that are now going to become Arrowhead Brown & Brown employees, that is a set number. We believe that we can double that program with the folks who are now joining us from Zurich plus the folks that are currently at Zurich. We can grow that without adding anything else, and so over time as we grow the program to double, the margins will move up correspondingly.
Cory Walker: Yes, on the internal growth dollars, I’m just using a hypothetical 50%. And then on the sell business, I’ve kind of thrown in at 80%, which may be a little aggressive but—
Cory Walker: That’s right, that’s right. You know, this is a little bit different than what I—the number I’m using here is kind of a conservative number, and I know that we had talked about how our leverage in retail can be higher than that on the first incremental dollar, and then as time goes on we may have to add another CSR or something like that. But for this purpose, I’m just kind of using some rounded numbers just to kind of prove out the margin growth. So you can play with it whichever you think, but that’s kind of what I’ve used right now.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: Hi, good morning everybody. I think most things have been covered. Just one quick numbers question and then a question about next year. With respect to Zurich, just curious if you could give us a sense in terms of (a) how the revenue progresses quarter to quarter, is there any seasonality in the revenue that we need to think about; and two, just for modeling expense purposes, how much of the expenses are kind of S&B versus G&A, just a rough sense? You’ve talked to margins, but just curious of the expense makeup.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: And then just with respect—I guess I’m thinking Florida more specifically, but I guess you could take this generally too. How important or material going forward is the fact that kind of the housing industry looks to be stabilizing? I say Florida because obviously that potentially has some implications, both consumer and business there; but more broadly as I kind of think about contractors, other small businesses that potentially cater to that end market.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: That’s helpful. And then that nine-month visibility, I’d just be curious how that compares to the beginning of the year.
