Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. The impact of inflation, increases in interest rates on our customers and the consumer are the key areas we're monitoring as these will drive the rate of economic expansion and investment. Like previous quarters, we expect business leaders to remain cautious regarding how much they will invest over the coming quarters. As we noted earlier, the consumer is still spending, and most of our customers are growing their businesses. From an insurance standpoint, we believe rate increases will remain relatively consistent through the end of the year. That means customers are going to remain highly focused on managing their insurance spend by either decreasing limits, increasing deductibles and in certain cases, opting for loss limits. Many of our customers have already done one or more of these items. Regarding our carrier partners, they continue to be focused on diversifying their portfolios and reducing volatility in their earnings. This is evident through cat capacity management and disciplined underwriting. As a highly diversified global insurance platform, we have delivered very good underwriting results by continuing to provide our carrier partners with access to distinct customer segments, we believe we're well positioned to maintain and possibly grow our capacity with these important partners. We feel great about our business as our team is executing and delivering at a very high level. We're making the right investments for the long term and remain focused on hiring and retaining the best teammates. As we continue to do this, we are able to leverage our collective capabilities to retain our existing customers and win more new business. In summary, we're very pleased with our results through the first nine months of the year, delivering organic growth of 11%, adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 170 basis points and adjusted earnings per share growth of 25%. We are well positioned and have great momentum as we head into the final quarter of the year. With that, we'll turn it back over and open the lines for Q&A.
Powell Brown: Well, Mike, as you know, we don't give forward-looking organic growth guidance. And historically speaking, we've said that our business is two-thirds exposure units and one-third rate. In certain areas of the business, particularly in coastal communities, rates might have a slightly higher impact. But as it relates to the question specifically on exposure units, we have not seen anything that would indicate a slowdown in those exposure units in the near term yet, but we remain ever vigilant as we kind of watch. But as Andy and I both said, we do see people being more cautious in terms of their willingness to make large capital investments in the business. I think they're pausing on a lot of those. So from a standpoint of lift in exposure units there, we're not seeing that as much. As it relates to sales of product, or construction revenues or whatever, it seems to be continuing as usual.
Powell Brown: I would caution you about saying faster growth. I think the way I would look at it is there's capacity, but the capacity is at a price. And so as I said earlier, carriers are very careful about managing their cat capacity. We view it as a positive if we can maintain our capacity that we currently have. And in some instances, if somebody wants to modify their distribution to us, i.e., modify down, we believe that we can fill most of that with other carriers that want to participate in our facilities or Wholesale or in Retail. But I would caution you, Mark, on trying to draw parallel that we've got a whole bunch of new capacity that's going to bring a whole bunch of new growth with that. I don't want you to -- please do not misinterpret our statements that way. I would say that we feel good about the indications that we've been given from our carrier partners about maintaining what we have. And as it relates to stuff that they want to modify their participation on, we feel good about replacing that.
Powell Brown: So Mark, I would tell you that inventory seems to be okay, still okay, but that's usually a nine to 12 month outlook. I can't comment beyond that, but there just seems to be a lot of activity. And so that's positive.
Powell Brown: Sure. We're just writing more net new business. I mean, I'm not trying to be funny, Rob, but we're executing really well. And we are maintaining our existing customer relationships, and we are picking up a lot of new customers. That's both on both sides, Wholesale and Retail.
Powell Brown: Yes, good morning, Elyse. So as you remember, we indicated that the headwind was kind of going to neutralize in the second half of the year relative to dealer services, and we did see that sort of neutralize in Q3. So we are very pleased with the overall business and even in dealer services. It's just getting inventory for our dealer customers. But I would tell you that, that was a positive for us compared to prior quarters this year, yes.
Powell Brown: So Elyse, I would tell you that the way we describe it is in the past, there might have been, let's say, two handfuls of early participants in looking at a business that have financial backing whereas now there might be a handful. That doesn't mean that there are none. It just means it's not as many people that are from that segment of the space, number one. And part of that is obviously due to increased interest rates and their capacity to put their money to work. Having said that, we have not seen an enormous downward pressure on multiples. I would tell you that it's -- roughly there might be 0.25x to 0.5x down. But on good businesses, people are -- they're still very competitive for good businesses. So we are just out there looking all the time. We are very pleased with the acquisitions we've made this year, and we're -- when and why someone sells, it's different for every transaction. But we think that there are lots of opportunities that will present themselves in the next one, two, and three years and beyond, but I think there continues to be good opportunities for us, and we really like our position, and we like -- and to your question specifically, the inventory is good. But remember, it's always good. But we're very pleased because it's still good.
Powell Brown: Sure. So I think that there fundamentally is a continued transition of certain types of business, not specifically and limited to cat properties that are rotating into the E&S market. So I think we're going to continue to see that into '24 and '25. That said, is there a time in the future where some of that business that rotates out might come back into the standard market? And the answer is yes, I believe that to be the case. But we've got to have a couple of years of good loss experience for the carriers because I think sometimes there are certain businesses that are because of location, they may be put into a box, and if you looked at them on a one-off basis, they might not necessarily need to move to E&S or all of it to E&S. So I think there's a continued trend towards it. But I also think that in a couple of years, there could be some slight rotation back.
Powell Brown: Well, again, we're not giving -- we don't give growth guidance on lines of business, just like we don't give organic growth. But we're very pleased with the way our employee benefits line of business is growing, and we continue to invest in the capabilities and we are writing lots of new business across the platform.
Powell Brown: Thank you all very much. We're very pleased with the quarter and equally excited about going into Q4. Look forward to talking to everybody in January. Have a great day. Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Good morning, Mike. As it relates to the third quarter, no, we didn't have any distinct kind of onetime items that we called out. Pertaining to the fourth quarter, the main items were the ones that we highlighted, which were the incentive bonus and the claims revenue associated with Ian. Still got fourth quarter yet to go. So we're still in storm season right now, so don't know actually how everything will play out. But those will be part of -- two of the bigger ones. And then, again, depending upon how storm season ultimately finalizes itself as well as we still got the back end of the year, remember on our captives that they also take a quarterly share on some of our West Coast earthquake programs. So that's the only kind of -- those are the unknowns that could pop up, but we feel good about kind of where we are heading in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Watts: Hey, good morning, Rob. It's Andy here. I think the areas where we probably continue to be challenged. By the way, we've always been challenged in this space is around just the cost of talent. And that's not been just a COVID issue. If you need good talent, which we do and like everybody else, talent is expensive. We are seeing some moderation in the level of inflation and the increases in comparison to volumes from a year ago, but you still see some of those pressures that are out there, but we work our way through those. And then we've got through most of the T&E headwinds. It doesn't mean that hotels and airlines aren't expensive. They are, you've probably been out flying lately or staying somewhere. It's still pretty expensive. But it feels like we've got through most of those headwinds in comparison to where we were a year ago on that front. And then we mentioned in the commentary about stock compensation that that's a headwind year-over-year for the business, both in Retail as well as Wholesale. That's not a bad thing at all. So keep in mind that the way that those plans are structured is they're driven off of how well we perform on organic and earnings per share. So the costs that we're taking through the current year is also reflective of the strong performance that we've had over the last couple of years. So we think that's a really good indicator.
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning, Meyer. Yes, it's a combination of two things. So if you recall in the third quarter of last year, since Ian hit on the 28th of September, right? We had recorded what we thought the development would be at that stage. And if you recall in the fourth quarter, we had made some true-ups because the development was not as extensive as it was originally estimated. We made a few more of those kind of throughout the year. But now we're kind of back to where, at least from everything we're seeing and hearing from our carrier partners that we're in a pretty good place on loss development. They got through most of the claims that are out there that we were on.
Andrew Watts: Yes. I mean, Mark, if your question is about rates on the EB space, no, we're not seeing any fundamental changes in the rate increases in the EB business. They continue to be pretty robust as we've been talking about for a number of quarters. It is different if you're on a fully funded versus self-funded plan. The pharmacy is probably the biggest topic that everybody is talking about today because of all the specialty drugs that are out there.
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning, it's Andy. That was really driven off of, we've expanded some customer relationships there as well as we've won some new relationships in that business, and that's what's driving the new claims. The way that we really think about the Services business is the actual transaction is onetime in nature, but the relationships are recurring in nature for us. And that's really what we try to focus on, and it's that business in general, that segment, you can't forecast by individual quarters, where you quite often have to look at averages just because of the way items kind of flow back and forth. But no, we were real pleased with the performance for the third quarter.
Andrew Watts: No, Mike if you were to back historically, we will increase our leverage modestly times when we have incrementally higher -- I'm sorry, Scott, sorry about that -- is you'll end up -- we'll have -- we'll take our leverage up a little bit when we have higher levels of larger acquisitions. And if you look at it, we de-lever on the back end at a pretty rapid pace. The organization itself will normally de-lever anywhere from 0.25x to 0.5x sometimes 0.75x during the year, and that's really driven off of just normal maturities that we have and then growth in the business. But if you go back over time, we'll run somewhere in kind of 2.2x to 2.4x on a gross-to-EBITDA ratio. And we're in our range and probably continue to moderate down. That doesn't mean though that we won't take it back up at some point if we find a really good acquisition for the organization. But generally, we're going to have a pretty conservative balance sheet.
Andrew Watts: Okay. We'll give Mike and Greg if they're in queue just a second. And if not, we'll go ahead and we'll call the call. We can always do a follow-up with them.
