Powell Brown: Thanks Andy. Great report. Let's talk about how we're thinking about the outlook for the coming quarters. We expect the economy and employment are going to decline for at least the next two quarters and then potentially increase slightly into the fourth quarter. This assumption is based on reports from many economists within our banking partners that are projecting a 15% to 20% unemployment rate in the second quarter. Keep in mind that per the CARES Act self-employed and gig workers are now eligible to file for unemployment. These individuals are generally not covered by sponsored plans. They will be more than likely not impacting our employee benefits or workers compensation lines of business. Also keep in mind there are many employees being furloughed that are filing for unemployment but are still benefit eligible. These are good examples of the complexities when comparing current unemployment figures to prior years and in estimating the potential impact on our business. These same economists are projecting GDP to decline 20% to 30% in the second quarter with growth starting to rebound in the third quarter but they're not expecting a recovery until mid to late 2021. Based on these assumptions, we believe the biggest impact on our financial performance will be in the third quarter but anticipate our organic growth could be negative in the second quarter. This is due to the fact that higher unemployment will take about 60 days before we see its impact our numbers. We believe the largest impact will be to our employee benefits and workers compensation lines of coverage as they are primarily driven by employment and payrolls. In addition, we expect our overall PMC business to be impacted when companies reduce their exposure units. Another dynamic of the work-from-home mandate is that we're expecting our new business to slow but retention to increase. We do not know if these will offset each other. The unknown right now is how deep and for how long the impact of COVID-19 will last. We hope that the CARES act and the action by the Fed will start to take effect in the coming months for Q2.  Regarding rates we think most rates will increased slightly in the second quarter but it's unknown what will happen to rates in the second half of the year until more is known about the impact of COVID-19. Taking all these factors into consideration our best estimate is that the full-year organic growth could be slightly positive or down low to mid single digits. This range is really unknown as we've made assumptions based on limited actual data. We will have better view over the coming quarter as to the depth and duration. Here's what we do know. We're a solutions provider. Therefore we'll continue to stay focused on providing risk management solutions for our customers and prospects and developing new and creative ways of generating new business remotely. We continue to talk with acquisition candidates and may close a few deals in the second quarter. For the next few months at least we expect there will be a slowdown in M&A activity due to the uncertainty around the future performance of businesses and what this might mean for sellers valuations. I mentioned earlier that we are continuing to innovate and serve our customers during these uncertain times. Out of necessity comes great creativity. We always try Brown & Brown to deliver as many new solutions as possible for the benefits of our customers, our teammates, our carrier partners and our shareholders. Lastly, as I started with comments about our teammates and their families I want to close with the same focus. We are a company of dedicated and hardworking teammates focused on serving our customers. Therefore, it’s our goal to always ensure they are safe and healthy. When we do this, it helps them to be great spouses, parents and teammates that focus on delivering innovative risk management solutions. With that let me turn it back over to Lisa for the Q&A.
Powell Brown: Okay. So good morning Greg. A couple things. First of all, as you know we have a pretty diversified book of business. That does not mean that we don't have a lot of a lot of things but it's just a broad spectrum across the United States. So I would tell you there are industries as you know that are dramatically affected; things like gaming, hospitality, restaurants, movie theaters, sporting events, you said oil and gas; anything in the theme-park, gyms, certain construction, transportation and quite honestly it's very difficult right now to determine the impact on each of those industries. We can make assumptions and that would be our best estimate at the present time. So for example, you might ask we do a lot of business in the automobile space. And automobile could involve dealerships, new, both – and RV. We do F&I business, we do a lot of things. So depending on where you are in the country that business has been impacted widely. So for example, in the Northeast it has hit much harder than it is in the mountain states as an example and so it's really I think too early to say Greg but from an industry standpoint there is no one industry that we have such an enormous exposure to that we need to call it out. Like I said, I just used the auto industry because it's a unique one and you read a lot about it but we have lots of governmental entities and we have lots of nonprofits and we have lots of construction and we have. So that's the first thing. The second thing is relative to the $64,000 question, which everybody expected would ask about and let's talk about that for just a moment. Number one, at Brown & Brown we have teammates. We don't have employees and we are part of one big high-performing, we call it athletic team and each team at the local level is run by a leadership group which evaluates how to invest in that business on a daily, monthly, quarterly, yearly basis. So we are defined as an organization and locally by our customers, our capabilities and our carrier relationships. So when I say that it is not our intent to have teammates get off the team during this period of time. That would be the last thing that we would be interested in. I will tell you this those assessments if that would happen would occur at a very local level not a broad dictate, we would not be dictating from above. It would be a local level decision on how to best serve our customers. So we are very sensitive around that topic right now as we always are because we got a bunch of great teammates and we believe that as this changes and whatever that means because your guess is as good as ours is we will be a stronger organization coming out the other side.
Powell Brown: Okay. So number one, remember it's absolutely happening because there are states that are mandating it Greg. So there are states, as you know where they are mandating a 60-day premium holiday or something to that. That's number one. Number two, we have on a limited basis certain customers particularly smaller customers but not exclusively, they're requesting rate relief because of exposure units going down. In some instances and some carriers are allowing us to adjust exposure unit down midterm in anticipation of the impact on their overall business. Now you asked the question about acquisitions and how we think about our business. Let's talk about the reality of life. The reality of life is, number one, we announced a loan protector which we think is a very good business and we were waiting for DOJ approval and we anticipate that closing some time in the second quarter. And we closed, as you know several other transactions in Q1. And so we're an organization that's always talking to people. And at the end of the day businesses are run by talented people and so they can have the best revenue stream or earnings stream that you could come up with but if it's not a cultural fit then it doesn't work and we don't want to do that and so the idea of consummating a transaction based on a video call where we never met the people that I just have a very-very-very hard time seeing that. But having said that we've been calling on lots of people for long-long periods of time. So the reason Andy talked about -- Andy and I talked about there is a lot is, the reason Andy talked about our liquidity is, I think that's really darn important and for those of you that were on the call 10 years ago before the slowdown 10 years ago some people used to get a little, they used to criticize us for being conservative and then we worked our way through that period of time and now we continue to be conservative and I think we're in a good position where we can invest in our business whenever we want. That does not mean we're trying to go out and buy a bunch of businesses during the downturn. It means that we have the flexibility to invest when we want.
Powell Brown: Okay. Again Greg, this is purely a guess and so I'm going to take two whacks at that one. Number one, if you look at it you could say huh, you may have fewer losses because of automobiles and things like that, not on the road for a period of time. So you could say maybe it goes up slightly but in some of these as there are growth components to them. So you have to have, you got to grow the business and have a certain performance. That's number one. Number two I think many of our large carrier partners and other carriers are looking at ways to help their distribution partners and what I mean by that is again, how we run our business and how a smaller independent agency runs their business might be slightly different from a cash flow standpoint, some of that other stuff. And so I do believe that the carriers will be looking closely at how can they take into account these extraordinary circumstances and mitigate the potential negative side of that, meaning like if there's a growth component, do they decide to waive that for the year. I don't know. I haven't heard of anybody doing that yet. I'm just speculating. So it's very hard to tell Greg but if you press me, I would basically say I think it would be down slightly.
Powell Brown: Okay. Mark, it's Powell. Couple of things, I'd like to first say that as you know business interruption is typically excluded or generally excluded due to pandemic and then on top of that there is a provision for a physical damage loss. So you got to keep that in the back your mind. So I would tell you that in a very small number of policies out there, there are some sub limits, but I mean very small as a percentage less than 1% if I had to guess but having said that again you would have to look at every single policy for every single customer but if you're talking about generally speaking in the industry of which our customers represent a good wide range of what's written in the industry as I said generally speaking business interruption has a pandemic exclusion and it also necessitates physical damage loss. That's number one. That's it.
Powell Brown: So Elyse, it's Powell and the answer is as you know, historically we have not given guidance and we're not going to give guidance on the divisions this time. We've done our best to give you an overall view based upon our best guesstimate today and if and when we have better information we would be able to give you a better answer but at the present time we've said what we're going to say on that.
Powell Brown: Yes Elyse, we talked about this in our last couple of calls that you can't always make a direct correlation to that, as an example, if property rates are up 5% that as a result organic growth is up 5% because of how companies are thinking about deductibles and again 5% might not be the trigger mark but for some reason you lay a 10, 15 or 20 on somebody because of their loss experience, they might change their deductibles and so those are the some of the dynamics that kind of play into the actual revenues and then the weightings.
Powell Brown: Well, Mark, it's Powell. I would tell you that, we write a lot of all of it and so a lot of our small customers, a number of them don't have the financial resources to whether six weeks working from home or as I say, when I go home and see the ingenuity has come out and the transition or transformation of particularly from small businesses to an alternative delivery model of value whatever it is that there are, whether it's takeout service that our restaurant to something else. I think that there are people that are just getting by, in some instances more so in the small businesses or if they have received some sort of financial assistance or its forthcoming, they're just trying to get to where we crank back up again, many of the medium and larger businesses barring those that are highly leveraged so and there are a lot of those too but they are typically been better equipped and a common response would be when we went into this into the teeth of it, we can make it for a couple of months but we got to get this thing cranked back up first part of the summer or middle of summer and because they had managed their balance sheet and their cash position pretty conservatively. So it's kind of all over the board.
Powell Brown: Hey Yaron, it's Powell. Number one, I caution you or anybody else to try to draw parallels between this event and any other subsequent event that has occurred historically because that is purely a guess. I just want to make sure that's up front. Number two if you think about our business, just at a very high level, just think about this for just a moment. We’ve had Arrowhead, Beecher Carlson, Wright. We've had Hays. We've had all kinds of other really high-quality organizations that span the entire size spectrum and a lot of that has been upper middle market and even into some large account businesses. Having said that I think another important distinction is, if we're just talking about retail for a moment the reliance upon the state of Florida as a percentage of revenue then as it is today. So if you overall of the company, it's about 20% of our overall revenue emanates from Florida but that's misleading because let's say almost 6% of that revenue is in NASH in a program that's outside of Florida for the most part. So all of a sudden, you have a more diversified, as Andy might say, portfolio of companies. I actually would tell you that we are not economists and by the way we are optimists by nature. We are simple sales people who live by the sea and we understand our numbers and we reinvest it for the long term and so what I would say is this is not V but whether it a U, or L or whatever that is, we don't know, but what we do know is in light of all of that, I want everybody to understand that we're really pleased with the first quarter and that our three biggest divisions had great quarters and we are writing a lot of new business. And we are going to be there for our customers. And so I actually think it, I would be very cautious of trying to draw a parallel between then and now because there are no similarities in my opinion. That was a long downward slide, over let's say 16 to 18 months and a very slow crawl out. This was an elevator drop down which included financial panic for many people. So you had a demand drop for services and consumable goods and you have the financial institutions and much stronger point of view. So I wish we could give you more on that Yaron because it would help us too but I'm just saying, I think it's different and if 68% of the GDP is the customer then and that's going to impact demand then how does the customer feel if they're unemployed, getting an unemployment check or they're furloughed or what and we don't know. They don't feel good I know that.
Powell Brown: Well, let's talk about just Q1 again and the answer is I think it's similar to the prior quarters but I would tell you that there continues to be a lot of activity. So I think the activity is saying let's say Q4 to Q1 but there's just a lot of activity in wholesale and so remember depending on the agent that we're doing business with some of those agents have not been able to transition to a work from home environment as easily as let's say we did or maybe someone else.
Powell Brown: Well, remember as I have said before generally speaking there is a pandemic exclusion in business interruption and it usually mandates a physical damage loss. And so we are talking to our customers obviously relative to how it is written in their policies and in instances that there needs to be some clarification, we may be obviously talking with our carrier partners on that and in some instances there have actually been claims filed. So it depends very much so on the customer and the policy.
Powell Brown: Yes. So let me, remember this is a purely speculative anecdotal statement because we're not giving forward-looking information and I would tell you that, remember we work 60, 80, 120, 150 days out. So remember we had inventory in the pipe that was April, May, June things that were working on. So I would tell you and I think this is an important distinction, I think that when you start to see the potential impact on new business and the reduction in exposure units for our existing customer base is May. So I want you to think about that statement for just a moment. If somebody has gotten through April and we are working with them and they say we think let's say their annual revenues are $12 million a year, $1 million a month and let's say for three months that their revenues were next to zero or 10% of the regular and they adjust that down then that would flow through in May and June and into July and everything and that's why we believe Q3 will have a potential bigger downdraft because you'll have three full months of exposure changes versus potentially two months.
Powell Brown: As I have said, it's going to depend on the customer but I want to make sure that pretty much every business owners thought about insurance. So that's number one and number two, they have also thought about cash flow. So I call it, the going concern theory, which is if you think about it if the carrier takes the position to just keep paying in the normal payments and we'll catch you at the audit, I would encourage, I would say that's not that good because the care, the client is thinking, I don't know if I'm going to be around in some instances when the audit comes around. So I have to manage my cash flow today and next week and next month and next quarter to get there. So I believe there is a slight delay Mark, but not that much. So to the extent that our carrier partners will allow us to make those adjustments midterm we are encouraging that and working with our customers to do that to help them get through this period of time.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. As we conclude, I just want to remind everybody of a couple key themes. We had a really good quarter and although some people may put that to the side in light of the recent events I want to make sure that everybody understands that we don't and we're really proud of our teammates and how they have delivered for our customers time and time again in what I would call difficult environments. Number one. Number two, and we don't take this lightly, we have a strong balance sheet and we're proud of it. We deliver the highest cash conversion among our publicly traded peers and we have access to a billion dollars plus in liquidity. So we think about things long-term and so could it be a little bit bumpy in the next quarter or two and beyond? Yes, sure but I'll tell you one thing we got our hands on the wheel and we're navigating through this situation and trying to work to deliver for our customers business solutions so they can live to carry on their businesses again. So with that I wish each of you the best of health and we look forward to talking to you again in the next quarter. Good day and good luck.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Hey good morning Greg. Andy here. Because we accrue for these on a go-forward basis now with ASC 606 it puts another level of complexity in. You saw that our first quarter we picked up additional contingents based on those we didn't qualify for the last year. At least we would not anticipate as of right now that going forward hopefully that will occur but that would probably not be our expectation at this stage. We're going to need to really watch this closely over the next quarter or two and just see what trends look like, feedback we're getting from carriers, again the lost comment is spot on the other side of it but its premium is down form and it impacts their profitability which impacts the contingents. So there's a lot of factors we're going to need to kind of monitor on the way through.
Andrew Watts: Well, I don't know I would say, materially on it Mike is what we disclosed as we made the $10.5 million revenue adjustment and it had a profit impact of about $5.8 million and as you've seen in the past normally the adjustments that we make around ASC 606 normally move with higher margins than the overall business. So that's pretty consistent and how it works.
Andrew Watts: No, it negatively impacted the margin, basically what it did is it basically slowed out about a 58% margin. We don't have a 58% EBITDAC margin.
Andrew Watts: No. Let's see if we can do an example here to try to explain how this worked because what we had to do is, we had to look at all current policies that are in effect through or enforced through March 31 and do a look back on all of those and of the adjustment of $10.5 million about 7.5 million or so relates to policies that we bound in the first quarter and then the residual relates to policies that we bound back in 2019. Here's how you want to think about what let's use worker compensation. So if we were to bind a policy and the estimated payrolls for that policy said that we were going to earn a $100 over the next 12 months what would happen is now at this stage if we think that the payrolls are going to decrease and we're now going to earn $80 what we need to do is reverse the $20 that we’ve recognized when we bound that policy. So in this example we did that in January. We then turn around and backed up to $20 in March. So that should represent all outstanding policies. What it doesn't account for Mike and the piece that we don't know and then the commentary we had is what exactly happens on renewal business over the coming quarters and the impact to the organic of that piece we just don't know right now.
Andrew Watts: Hey, Mike I want to just come back clarify one thing on your question just to make sure that we've covered it with everybody because you asked about would it be a go-forward impact. The adjustment that we made on the 10.5 again that's our best estimate based upon what we think may happen with unemployment and payroll for those outstanding policies. If for some reason that turns out to be different than what we anticipate could we have another adjustment in the second or third quarter incremental? Yes, we could. We don't know right now. Again, we made our best estimate at this stage.
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning Elyse. The other a couple things, we mentioned this during our commentary on the incremental, the higher IT cost down on the divisions that was really a just a shift from corporate down to the divisions versus how we reported it last year so that was a portion of it and then also during the first quarter we did make some adjustments to our SIP based upon estimated payout for those, the three grants that are outstanding. So those were the primary drivers in the corporate that made up the $6 million. As it relates to SIP, again we monitor that on a regular basis as you know and we will make adjustments up and down over the coming quarters based upon what we think the payouts will be both on organic and the earnings per share.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Elyse, that was a few different dynamics going on there. That was almost primarily all driven by new business and we saw that they had a great 2018, they had a good ’19, we lost a couple customers last year through M&A but we had picked them up covered most of that through new business. They're continuing that same trend. The dynamic right now in that space and you see a number of mandates regarding inability to foreclose on properties. So we're not seeing a lot of incremental placements right now but the thing that we like about that space is that it gives us a nice buoy around the organic growth because if the economy does go down those businesses take off which is really good.
Andrew Watts: Yes, the only segment that we had additional color on this quarter release was the Services segment just because of what we were seeing on underlying claims activity.
Andrew Watts: I think that's correct. Here is the thing that I think is very important for everybody to consider on this telephone call. In 2008 through 2011, you had a period of time where exposure units were going down and rates were going down. Today you have a different dynamic. You have exposure units going down and rates going up. And so there is, there are couple things you got to think about. There is one, that dynamic when people are strapped for cash and in event that you are trying to, if you are in the bunker mentality which is I just want to fight another day, I got to get through this then do you buy and we haven't seen this yet but I'm saying do you buy a slightly lower umbrella, do you buy a lower limit on your earthquake cover, do you buy less of a wind limit, what do you do out of necessity to enable you to get to that another day and so let's not forget that. That's really important and I'm not aware of any way for you or anybody else on this call to model that because we don't know. We're just telling you our sense of it and talking to customers ourselves and talking with people in our organizations that's a big thing for me. I want to know how our customers are doing financially and how can we help them. We want them to be an ongoing concern.
Andrew Watts: Hi, morning Mark. I think that's probably still one of the unknowns for us right now. As you've seen in the past there's not always a direct correlation between our organic growth and our margins. We've had quarters when the two of them moved in tandem we've had quarters where it moves back and forth. As you know, we try to manage the business and lead the business on a long-term basis not a quarter-over-quarter. Is there a potential for some interim margin impact potentially because how quickly this came at everybody through all of it but we try to really stay on top of all this every day it's why we have the margins that we have in our business but wouldn't be surprising if there's some downward pressure on the margins, on the full year as it relates to the quarters but we don't have a good view at this stage, just because we're struggling to get our arms around the revenues in all honesty. There's minimal actual data today for us to face any of our assumptions on that's what our struggle is.
Andrew Watts: Good morning Yaron. As you know, we've got a fair amount of levers inside the organization on variable cost and those are just, there's going to float up and down accordingly from anything that we pay on the commissions front. Anything we can look at, at the right time on compensation we will do but again we'll figure out how to step through that at the right time and as we said in our commentary that's going to really come down to the leaders and those individual businesses because how each of our businesses navigate through this uncertainty is going to be different and we're going to really rely upon our leaders locally to make the right calls inside of there. They do an excellent job of leading their businesses today, they have in the past. We've got all the confidence that if they will continue to do that in the future in order to balance off the needs with our customers, carrier partners with all of our teammates.
Andrew Watts: The other thing, just to make sure you keep in mind, you probably recall this -- the whole citizens effect that we went through during that time period. So you've got that dynamic going on 2007 exactly. So you've got that impact. So that's what drove it down but if you look at commercial lines rates and you probably begin to have went back and look at this but you've got 06, 07, 08, 09 and 10 during that time period all commercial lines were also down. So those are the some of the dynamics. You had construction significant impact. That's why we think this feels like a very, very different event to us maybe in some aspects that feels I'm kind of taking that ‘08 to ‘10 period and compacting it down into about a three or four week, I mean at least that's how it feels right now that's kind of some of the unknowns to us.
Andrew Watts: It's kind of same. I mean, like I said, I don't want you to get too caught up in, is it going to go up more so or down. I think the carriers obviously are very sensitive around limits that they put up and certain lines of coverage where they think there might be some potential exposure and I'm not talking about a BI claim, I'm just talking about other lines of coverage that might have an exposure and how they underwrite that, D&O, professional liabilities etc.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Hi good morning, Meyer. So maybe a couple ways to think about that is again we look at outstanding policies. So again it doesn't -- not that it's applying to all policies for an entire year and the reason why it's got more waiting in the first part of the year is any policy that we placed last year they would have upwards to 11 months that they've already had the previous exposure uses kind of underpinning in inside of there. What we try to do is in our commentary that we mentioned is, we leveraged a lot of what all the economists are saying, there are our banking partners or other information that we could get and utilize that to potentially at least project what unemployment could look like. Here's the variable is, we don't know what furloughing will do. So that's unknown. The data that is out there is from about three weeks ago and so that that's a piece we don't know exactly what Cobra effect is going to do on the employee benefits business. So that's also kind of a unknown and then this question about how many of those previous individuals that are now able to file for unemployment claims i.e. independent contractors or gig workers. Again it's going to inflate the number that is reported but we'll have more likely almost no impact on our employee benefits or our work comp businesses. So those are kind of the dynamics that we were juggling around in order to come up with an estimate.
Andrew Watts: So let's see here is on, as it relates to work comp and employee benefits is, yes that would be true in your statement if everything worked out perfectly which by the way is not going to work out perfectly, but yes that would be the case. The item that we don't know about right now is for other policies that we place. If it starts to become evident that there are the likelihood for significant return premiums in out periods, yes we are going to need to take a look at those absolutely but again we have no data at this stage to give us any indication that it's there. So we need to watch that one again, wish we could be more specific, man, there are so many unknowns in this current environment at this stage.
Andrew Watts: The answer is you were breaking up Elyse there. So if I don't answer your question exactly you may have to rephrase it but what I got out of that was the potential positive on reduction T&E expense in the organization and the answer is yes. We do believe there could be a slight benefit in Q2 and Q3 relative to travel. Obviously we are encouraging our teammates to talk with our clients. The best would be on video conference just like all the other millions of people out there trying to do that or on the telephone and then as and when states reopen and we believe that it would be safe for teammates to go out and see our customers we would, they'll be traveling there. I do think it'll be a cautious open from our standpoint and what I mean by that is I think it's going to be a lot of driving the cars as opposed to jumping on planes right away. But yes we do believe there could be a slight positive impact in Q2 and Q3.
Andrew Watts: Hey, Mark, just one other piece on that one is, the other dynamic is carries are probably being more receptive to mid-term exposure unit adjustments right now than potentially what they would normally that they would say well we'll catch it on audit. So that's just another dynamic that will probably play out during this time period. It depends on the carrier and depends on how they but we would rather make the adjustments to best indicate what the exposure units are now and so within --
