Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, great report. We had an outstanding 2021. We're well positioned to deliver profitable growth this year and are confident in our ability to execute.  As the economic growth starts to return to more normal levels, there are several issues that will influence business confidence in the economy, which include the availability of employees across all industries, the resolution of supply chain constraints, inflation, interest rate increases, resolution of global geopolitical matters and the continued management of COVID. How and when each of these play out over the coming quarters will influence the trajectory of the economy, how leaders invest in their businesses and exposure unit expansion. With that being said, we feel really good about our business and the ability for our team to perform well this year. From a rate perspective, we anticipate premium increases to remain relatively constant or may moderate downwards slightly in the first half as compared to the second half of '21. The main challenge for many E&S lines of coverage will be the availability of capacity, which may impact some of our growth in 2022.  A few comments regarding the M&A market. Until interest rates increase materially and capital becomes constrained, we expect competition and valuations to remain at peak levels. We continue to feel good about our positioning and have a solid pipeline to attract great companies to join the Brown & Brown team. Our continued disciplined approach of focusing on culture and financial alignment will be the keys to our long-term success of delivering shareholder value.  We think the market will further evolve in 2022 as it pertains to innovation and the experience for the customer. As a result, differentiated utilization of data, collaboration and technology to attract and retain customers will be even more important. The combination of these will enhance the underwriting process, provide more tailored solutions, improve the delivery of insurance and how we engage with our customers and carriers. We have a very talented team that continues to be focused on the most important deliverables to enhance the solutions we provide for our customers.  In closing, we feel great about our business, our capabilities and most importantly, our team. We're making thoughtful investments in allocating capital to drive long-term profitable growth.  With that, let me turn it back over to Serge for the Q&A.
Powell Brown: So we think about it in several fronts, Mark. One, there was -- if you know, GDP was, I think, 6.7% in '21. So we believe there will probably be a moderation in GDP slightly. So when you go back to some sort of normal level, yes, we believe so.  Two, inflation; 3, interest rates; and four, availability of employees to our customers. And so you put all those together, and we believe that it's going to be another good year, but as you said, we don't give organic growth guidance. And to have a year where we did 10.4%, we were extremely happy and very, very pleased with the performance. But we also understand that last year there were some unusual factors and how some of those moderate this year, how and when they moderate, we don't know.
Powell Brown: Yes. Let me make sure that we're clear. We talk mostly about CAT personal lines, but it's not exclusively CAT personal lines, there are admitted personal lines issues in California and Florida. So I think it's important, and those are big name companies that you might have your personal lines with that are taking what you might say, is dramatic action in some instances.  Having said that, I think that it is -- it places a lot of pressure on our teams to be able to deliver palatable product in some instances, particularly if you live in a buyer -- a burn zone or a brush zone, as I call it in California or here in Florida on the coast, particularly if you have an older home or not, the construction is not that good. That's a nice way of saying I think it will continue to be a headwind in wholesale, as we've alluded to. I think in retail, it's probably a push. That's how I would -- but a little bit on the negative, probably a little bit pressure in retail, but that's what -- Andy, were you going to say --
Powell Brown: So remember, we don't break out the growth by line of business in our retail segment. Having said that, I would tell you that we were pleased with the performance, and we continue to think that, that line of business, along with the other lines of business can perform very nicely this year. And so I don't -- I'm not -- I don't want to -- I'm not trying to take you off in one direction or another relative to retail and specifically employee benefits.  I think the important thing is this, I know that you want, everybody on this call is looking for organic growth guidance, and we just don't give it. And the answer is we were very pleased with our performance last year, and we know that we're well positioned for this year, subject to the things that I just talked about with Mark's question relative to GDP growth, inflation, interest rates and availability of employees.
Powell Brown: But as you know, we're not going to answer your question. I like your backwards way of asking it, but we're not going to answer your growth question.
Powell Brown: And as you know, this last year was a very active loss year for the insurance industry, not just in CAT-prone areas. And so although your thought process is logical, I don't think it's applicable in this instance because what you have is, you have things where terms -- I'm not a big fan of them, but things like social inflation, nuclear verdicts and things like that. I don't typically use those, but those are real. And so I would tell you that the industry, the carriers are doing better. And if, in fact, interest rates were to go up that would help their performance, but the losses and the loss costs continue to go up. And so we believe it will probably be more flattish barring something that we don't see.
Powell Brown: Yes. So Greg, I think what we're trying to do with this one is based upon the timing of receipts and disbursements to the -- from the customers and the carriers, we do get volatility in our cash flow from operations. And you can see that this year and specifically in the fourth quarter, and we've had these in the past, it moves around.  So what we want to be able to do with the new fiduciary reporting is we'll take that -- those movements in the fiduciary assets liabilities, put those down in the financing section. So therefore, cash flow from operations is reflective of our direct management of our working capital, okay?  So that's why we gave the reference of that 27% to 28% on a conversion. That's a pretty good range, we think, on a go-forward basis. But don't view that, “Hey, went from 31% to 27% or 28%,” that's a negative. That could flip right back around in Q1. That's the whole volatility factor of fiduciary.
Powell Brown: Yes, definitely by the quarter. So that's a full year guidance. But if you look back you'll be able to get an idea by the quarters when just based upon the EBITDAC that we deliver each quarter. You'll got a pretty good idea of how that will flow.
Powell Brown: Mike, the -- when we looked across kind of all of our blended effective state tax rates, they are inching up about 1% going into 2022. So that's why in '21, we have given the range of 23% to 24%. And at least what we can see right now, we think 24%, 25% is a pretty good range and that's barring if anything else happens at the Fed or State level.
Powell Brown: We do a little bit Mike, but honestly, probably by the time you take all of it together between the fiduciary, our other cash and then an increase in our borrowing. You're probably about to push anyway.
Powell Brown: So no meaningful impact in Q4. And no, it doesn't impact purchase price multiples. And I'm not trying to be funny, but I'm saying the short answer is it's still frothy relative to the M&A market.
Powell Brown: Sure. Remember, we do 3 things with the money that we earn. One, we reinvest it in ourselves, meaning hiring new people and investing in technology that can help drive not only efficiency but experience both for teammates and customers to a higher and better level. Two, we acquire businesses; and three, we return it to shareholders in the form of dividend. And sometimes, if we believe the stock price is undervalued, we would buy some back.  That said, we have and Andy and I have talked about, made some concerted technology investments over the last several years, and we'll continue to do so, but it's not as though we're going to make one big investment. And we are going to do that in a very thoughtful way in how we do that because any organization can only withstand a certain amount of change from a technology standpoint.  So nice way of saying it, we think it's all about people and the right firms. So we will probably do a mix depending on what becomes available. And if we find the right firms that fit culturally and make sense financially of hiring people, to add to our existing team and acquiring businesses that fit culturally and make sense financially.
Powell Brown: Yes. Let's talk about that. And you're referencing there was an article, I think it was last week, where there were several large admitted carriers that were pulling back on thousands of personal lines accounts in California, particularly high end and super high-end values. These are 5 and 10 and $15 million coverage A or the home value and up. So I was thinking about those, Yaron, in 2 distinct capabilities. Number one, the scenario is, in retail, it puts pressure on the organic growth of personal lines there if you're not able to find a replacement or if you do move it to wholesale, it's at lower commission. That's number one. And number two, the E&S market, the impact on the E&S market is independent although some of that business, you're right, will move into the E&S market. But there is such another impact in the burn area -- the brush zones and some of these other zones that there continues to be a downward pressure on that segment for wholesale.  So I want to make sure that I'm clear. Your assessment is correct initially, which is, yes, it could be more positive for wholesale. However, there is a bigger impact on wholesale in those 2 areas. So I don't think that, that group of -- let's make that up, 25,000 homes flowing in, is going to offset the other homes that are being impacted and potentially have to go to the fair plan. That's our impression right now. Now something may change. If one of those large carriers takes more draconian action, which I don't think they will, because there's only so much you can do -- the insurance regulator in the State of California will let you do at a time, because if they were to take more dramatic action if that was necessary, then the regulator may say something like you can't write in the state of California, which is not what they want.
Powell Brown: Well, let me make it clear. We're very focused on people that fit culturally with Brown & Brown. And so we are going to continue to invest in people that embellish our capabilities either existing or new capabilities and embody the characteristics of the team that we've assembled.  And so having said that, that does not mean that we are not impacted by hiring and the impact of wage pressure, but we are going to continue to invest in the right people when the right people come along, because usually, I think of it as it's fairly simple. When you meet somebody that's so good that you can't afford not to hire them then you just hire them, and we'll figure out how to make it work in the budget. And so that's the way we look at it, and we will continue to look at it that way.
Powell Brown: No. Remember, that's part of the reward plan you are paid -- as it relates to a producer, you get paid commissions, and there's also an equity component, which is a long-term wealth creation component that producers qualify for -- based on their performance. So it's a combination. It's not just a cash reward system. It's a cash and equity reward system.
Powell Brown: No, don't think of it that way, Meyer. It's -- remember, there's a lot of people who are teammates that are paid on a salary plus a bonus or whatever the case may be. And so with roughly 12,000 teammates. There's a lot of people that are on salary, so that would impact their income.
Powell Brown: Well, let me ask you this. If you have a year where interest rates are close to 0 and the Fed stimulates with trillions of dollars into the economy, at some point that starts to change. And so when that changes, i.e., you have a more normal or historical growth level. Let's talk about GDP for a moment, because our business is more of a reflection of GDP or plus or minus GDP, number one.  Number two, when interest rates do go up, it's not if. And then when inflation is present, and it's higher than the Fed would want to acknowledge, those all impact the organic growth in subsequent quarters or years. That doesn't mean we're negative on it, Meyer. That's not what we're saying. We're trying to be -- we're trying to moderate the understanding of what is the possible out there for anybody growing a big base in the coming market.  And so as I said, we were very, very pleased with our performance in 2021, that year is now over, and we're out executing in 2022. We think, as Andy said earlier, we don't think quarter-to-quarter, we think how do we do year-over-year, how will we do in the next 3 to 5 years, next 10 years, and we're very positive on that outlook.  So I know it's hard to answer that for you without giving -- without saying much more, but -- we are very -- we think we're very thoughtful around how we grow the business and how we try to present that to the outside world, including yourself. So that's kind of the take on it.
Powell Brown: Yes. No, I think our comment would be pretty similar this quarter as it was in the previous quarters on the advocacy businesses. We're seeing really good flow in. So that we view as a positive around just the health of the business continue to be challenged getting ultimate awards and everything else of the Security administration. Again, that's a cycle that we've seen in the past, but no cracks there on that front yet that's there. So that would probably be the item that would probably have the largest influence on the organic growth for services depending upon the direction that goes.
Powell Brown: Thank you all very much, and have a great first quarter of the year. We'll talk to you next quarter. Good day.
Andy Watts: Yes, Mark, I think we're probably also within programs just because that's primarily where we really see the impact on the quake and the wind programs depending upon what the capacity looks like in '22, that could represent a little bit of a headwind. There's a lot of discussions going on right now.
Andy Watts: I think you've hit on all of the key items that we evaluated. As we looked at '22 and trying to give the guidance for it, is based upon the overall growth of the business, the mix of the business inside, changes in variable costs, which will probably go up in 2022. And then just how we manage our costs through the year. I think we feel comfortable right now at this stage, as we mentioned, barring something unusual happening that we'll manage our way through increasing variable costs and should end up with margins around flat for 2022. Again, we think that will be a very, very good year, considering the 350 basis points of expansion that we did over the last 2 years. 
Andy Watts: Yes, it will probably go up a little bit, but again, nothing overly material. Otherwise, we would have called it out.
Andy Watts: And Greg, when we made that comment, we try to look across the 3 segments that participate in contingents and GSCs. And we're still not seeing movement in the wholesale space yet. I think your comment is one of shouldn’t we already, but honestly, we would have thought that a couple of years ago, and we still are not seeing a move. So that's why we think at least flat for right now seems like a pretty reasonable approach.
Andy Watts: Yes, Greg. On your first question, we just break out contingents and GSCs by each of the segments, which we do in the MD&A section. But we don't break it out by the different lines of business.
Andy Watts: Okay. I'll take that. So as you know, Mike, our goal is to grow our business and grow it profitably. So we're focused on profitable growth over a long period of time. So we don't have a lot of extra expenses that we're trying to take out. So we don't think of it as expense control, we believe that our expenses are controlled.  Having said that, yes, we are absolutely encountering wage inflation. And it's not just in areas that are bigger cities. It's kind of across the board. And where and how much that impact is occurring is dependent on a bunch of factors. But what we're trying to do is our business, as you know, is a very localized sales and service business where local leadership addresses compensation needs as they see fit in order to keep the best people -- to reward the best people for their efforts and doing a good job for our customers. So we will work through this.  We're not going to give a number and say, this is exactly how much it is because in different markets, it's different and we don't give an aggregate number. But we are working our way through it. We are absolutely subject to the pressures of it that anybody else right now is. I think that I've read recently that we're in a somewhere between a 30- to 40-year low in terms of labor shortage across all industries. And I'm not going to say that's indicative exclusively of our industry, but I'm saying the industry hasn't done a very good job of reinvesting in the teams that are there. We feel really good about our team, and we are going to continue to reward people appropriately.  And as you know, one of the fundamental trademarks of our business is wealth creation for all teammates. So all of our teammates are able to buy stock at a discount and they can -- they've been able to participate in the appreciation of the equity, which has helped them and their families. And so that's part of the overall compensation, not just cash comp and every teammate is able to participate in that. So we think that's really important.
Andy Watts: Mike, just a couple of things for you to think about there also is inflation is going to move up and down over time, as you know well, right? The ability to just throw technology at things just doesn't happen overnight. So if you recall, I mean when we started on some of the investments back in ’16, one of the areas inside of there was about how do we improve the experience for our teammates and the work that they have to go through and do each day. So we've been on this journey for a number of years. I think those investments that we've made in the past have actually helped position us even better for working through times like this.
Andy Watts: Yes, Yaron. I mean you've heard us make comments in the past that while the quarterly results are important, we're not in this game for the 90-day sprint, we're in this for the long term. And so that would be extremely unusual that we would make a trade-off on a good investment just to try to make a number for the quarter. That's just not how we run our business.  We think we've got good people or technology investments or whatever the case might be, we think that moves the ball forward over the long term, we're going to make those investments. That's a good thing for our company. That's out there. So again, we're not foreshadowing anything, just saying this is how we think about running the organization and how all of our leaders make investments in the businesses.
