Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a good report. In my opening comments, I mentioned there are still a few items that need to be resolved over the coming quarters. We will watch closely the successful rollout of the vaccine and additional stimulus to help those in need. Both of these items will influence the pace of economic recovery over the coming quarters.  From a rate perspective, we expect increases for the first six months of 2021 to be similar to those seen in 2020. Ultimately, the rate of increases will be driven by losses sustained in 2020 from the record setting number of tropical storms and the millions of acres that were burned. The question remains for how much longer and at what pace rates need to achieve the targeted returns. We think the market is getting near an inflection point over the coming year for certain lines that will drive some rate moderation.  The acquisition pace seems to be as active as ever, and competition between private equity and long term strategics remains. We continue to believe the aggressive pricing for deals like PE [ph] will not abate anytime soon. However, we're well positioned with our low leverage and the capital on our balance sheet, as well as access to additional capital on our M&A activity. Our pipeline remains good. And we will keep our disciplined approach to M&A as it's proven to be very successful. But as you know, we don't count anything until it's closed.  Finally, technology innovation continues to be at the forefront regarding creation of new products and enhancing the experience of our customers. We will continue to digitize our data, automate and prioritize technology investments around the following, optimizing and enhancing our data and analytics program, expanding our digital delivery capabilities around products and services, and engaging in initiatives designed to drive greater efficiency and velocity through our underlying processes. As we deliver on these goals, we will see new opportunities for growth that will serve our customers even better.  We had a great 2020 on many fronts and have good momentum heading into 2021. I am extremely proud of how our team has served our customers through extremely challenging times. We have a great team in a highly diversified business, those that performed very well in the past and we expect they will in the future.  Ultimately, our financial performance is only possible through the combined efforts of our nearly 11,000 teammates and their commitment to serve our customers.  With that, let me turn it back over to Holly for the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: I know that you've heard us say before that we don't give growth guidance. As we know that we've said, we think our business is a low to mid-single digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. But we wanted to clarify that because there's a lot of talk out there around variable expenses and how you capture or don't capture or whatever. And I think the results this year are a testament to how our system works, which is, at every office, the leader that runs those offices, she or he is responsible for that P&L. And by doing so, they control the expenses that were controllable or variable at the office level. And then, as those individuals are able to go back and travel or serve our customers in a different capacity, we will incur those expenses again. And so, it's not as though we're going to be able to give you – you meaning you, Elyse, or any other analyst – a specific number because that's not the way it works. It works at the very local office level. And we didn't have any extra stuff that we were paying before we thought.  So, I'm sorry, I can't answer your first question because we don't give specifics on organic growth guidance. But I just wanted to give you that kind of feedback on the variable cost.
Powell Brown: We're very pleased that the team in Ireland has joined. And I would tell you that O'Leary Insurances is very similar to our organization maybe 20 years ago. It reminds me greatly of us and how they are involved in their communities and they serve their customers and their relationships with their carriers.  So, as a general statement, and this is a very general statement, we, number one, obviously, like the Irish marketplace. Two, we like the fact that some place like Ireland or England or Canada has a rule of law. And so, when you think about that and we think about places where people have built and grow good businesses, and we will continue to look in those areas.  Now, please don't take that comment out of context, Elyse, that says we're now on international spending binge. That is not the case. We evaluate every transaction in a very similar way. And it starts with cultural fit, and does it make sense financially.  And if those two things – if there's a cultural fit, we usually think there's a way to make something work. And so, vetting those and getting the right ones and doing all that, it's just like doing it here in the United States, it's just 7,000 miles away or farther.  And so, we will continue to look at businesses in areas like that. We have looked over the years. And for whatever reason, we haven't – we bought the business at the beginning of the year in Vancouver, Canada. We've looked at businesses in Canada before. And for whatever reason, it just didn't work in the past. And they were good firms, it just didn't work out.  And so, I think that it's another opportunity for us. But I do not want anybody on this call to think that this is some new flavor of the month or something. It's absolutely not that. And we will continue to look for firms that fit our criteria and continue to tell the Brown & Brown story because we're a forever company. And that's appealing to some people. And so, we're really excited about it.
Powell Brown: No, there's nothing that's changed. The competitive landscape is equally as competitive overseas as it is in the United States, be it in North America or in the British Isles. Number one. Number two, I think that – there are lots of people feel that we talked to over the years that are not ready to do something when we start to get to know them, which we believe is a great time to get to know them because they get to know us and we get to know them. And then, over the years, they see how we act as a company and we see how they act as a company. And then there might be a fit down the road. So, I would tell you, we always think that good people attract other good people. People don't work for companies; they work with and for people. And so, having said that, that is absolutely the case in those two acquisitions. And we will continue to look in areas that present exciting growth opportunities and expanding our capabilities. And there's all kinds of things that come out of it to the positive.  But there's nothing that like just all of a sudden said, we're going to pay more or we're going to accept this. Nothing has changed in that regard. 
Powell Brown: Yeah, I think it's choppy, like up and down and up and down. Here's the thing that, Phil, you can't fully put your finger on. And so, there are businesses that have – as an example, they have furloughed people. But by furloughing people, they're still on their employee benefit plan as an example. And now, let's say that company has brought back half of the people that were furloughed when they terminated the other half, all of a sudden, you actually have a reduction in exposure unit in that example. And so, it is not as though we have clear line of sight on what every customer is going to do in that regard. So, remember, I think of new business as new new business, a new customer to us and a new line, just a new customer to us, this new business. But you can have an existing customer where you write a P&C and then pick up the benefits, or write the benefits and pick up the P&!C. And I don't consider that a new customer. It's a new line.  But I think the important thing is, remember, we have always talked about our business is a reflection of the middle and upper middle market economy. And so, if you think about all the customers that we touch and have the good fortune to work with and earn their business every day, some of those customers are looking at their business differently today than they have in the past. That could be positive or negative. They could be adding 15 people or they could be releasing 50.  So, the reason we say the choppy part is there's all kinds of variables outstanding. First question. Are people wanting to mandate that their employees get vaccines and come back to work? Well, based on the studies that I've seen so far, about 75% of the companies out there that I'm aware of have said no to that. Okay? So, how does that impact work going forward? What about people that have been hanging on by their fingernails and then all of a sudden they say, we're just going to be done, we're going to hang it up?  We don't see something that indicates that. But I can tell you we are paid to think in advance around the corner, and we're trying to anticipate what could happen in the next three or four quarters. 
Powell Brown: I think National Programs is a little different than retail in regards to, they may have a limitation or run into a limitation based on their ability to provide capacity, if they – because the demand outstrips the supply. That is not the case today, but I'm saying that could be a – that would be a different kind of, my term, governor for organic growth for them going forward in a wind program or a quake program or something type of program. And so, I say that, because, remember, we're underwriting on behalf of the carrier. We've been delegated the underwriting and forwarding. But there's one carrier or, in some instances, multiple carriers. But in the case of retail, we have access to the entire marketplace. So, virtually, every carrier, we have access to. So, if one carrier, Carrier A, doesn't want to do it, Carrier B and C still may consider it. So, we're very pleased with the growth of National Programs. We do think that there were and continue to be some interesting dynamics in terms of significant rate increases on cat exposed business that would drive some of that growth. And one of the things that we've said, Mike – and we haven't seen it yet, but we've talked to these people and some of these people that there are other providers of capital that are either coming into the marketplace or are in the marketplace that if, in fact, everything else stayed constant, which probably won't be the case, but if they did, in their new capacity, that's either going to moderate the rate increases. Or in some instances, it might even reduce the rates just slightly.  So, I'm just thinking about – if you have a condo in Miami and the thing has gone up 15%, let's just make this up, or more for the last three years, and then all of a sudden somebody comes in and they give a flat renewal to get or even slightly down maybe, you could see that. And you have this very unique time. We think it's obviously – it presents a lot of opportunities and challenges all wrapped up in one.  But I would just tell you that the growth that National Program has enjoyed and delivered, in our opinion, is number one spectacular. But two, we don't give growth guidance, as you know. But I would say that their performance was even higher than we anticipated for 2020. So, I say that just to kind of give you a sense of it because it's a great business. And the market will turn one day and that growth rate will slow down some and things like that. 
Powell Brown: If I could just ask you to repeat, like the last three sentences there, which was I heard about the CoverHound and the investment, but I couldn't get the very end of that, which was really the crux to your question. If you could repeat that, please. 
Powell Brown: I think that you have to expect the spend to be similar going forward because we are very pleased with the CoverHound acquisition and the team and the technology that comes with that acquisition. And we believe that there are multiple places that we will be able to use that in our different divisions. However, we have contemplated that the tech spend across the other platforms will continue as stated until and at which time – or I should say, if we determine that the technology in CoverHound is transferable – or expandable maybe is better, into a capacity and one of the divisions that we're not aware of just yet. That's how we answer that. 
Powell Brown: Yeah. The markets that they do business with are markets we already do business with, Yaron. It is, conceivably, in some areas where we may not have worked with them before. 
Powell Brown: Some of them have done well in certain areas, and a lot of them are taking gas. And what I mean by that is, if you write business in California, they've been burning for the last three years, as you know. And if you are in some of the coastal areas, there are some losses that occurred, Greg, as you know, here in our fine state, one and two and three years ago that are developing, further developing with the involvement of public adjusters and things like that. So, I would tell you that, particularly in certain segments of the personal lines market, it has been tough. And so, that's the area that typically would come to the E&S market, and then the E&S carriers experience – it could be in our book, or it could be in the overall experience, leads them to potentially pull back in certain areas or their reinsurance costs have gone up, or both.  So, this is not something that is unique to Brown & Brown or Brown & Brown Wholesale. It's kind of unique to the industry across the board. 
Powell Brown: All right. Thank you all very much. Have a wonderful day. And we look forward to talking to you after the first quarter. Goodbye.
Andrew Watts: No material one-off items other than the pieces that we had called out inside of there. So, primarily around the variable cost and then the gain year-over-year. So, we'll continue to manage those as we go into 2021, just as we did during 2020. And we're always focused as an organization as, how do we grow our top line and grow the bottom line profitably and balance that. So, we did really well during 2020. And we have confidence that all of our leaders will be able to do that in 2021.
Andrew Watts: Phil, you also realistically probably see choppiness in the businesses. Think about through the lens of a business owner and their level of confidence knowing what could happen over the next quarter or four quarters, and then how they invest in their business. And that can be anything from kicking off a new capital project for a building, acquiring another organization, making some sort of an expansion, whatever the case may be, depending upon that level of confidence, they may decide just to delay that by 90 days. And that's just not uncommon. And we saw some of that from the second quarter into the third quarter and the fourth quarter where things just move around back and forth. And that's really why we say it won't surprise us if there's choppiness because we just don't think that there's a consistent level of confidence yet in the marketplace, and we just think that going to take some time to work out during 2021. 
Andrew Watts: We might be talking about this on the third quarter earnings call. There's one word, we're extremely, extremely pleased with the organic in the fourth quarter. Definitely, over our expectations. We'd love to see National Programs post another 12%, 14%, 15% every quarter in 2021. We don't know if that is realistic. So, we wouldn't want you to set your expectation in the double digits. That would be great if it happens. But there's a lot of different dynamics in the marketplace. So, just want to make sure you kind of moderate as to how you think about the growth and we're very, very excited about our capabilities in that space and how we can deliver.
Andrew Watts: Mike, we normally break out larger acquisitions [indiscernible] fall into that category. Both of them do have margins below the average for the organization. But we've taken that into consideration when we gave the guidance of flat to up slightly for 2021. 
Andrew Watts: Why don't we just see if we can just hit this head on, so there's no misconception out there. So, if there's a concern that with us talking about innovation and technology that we're going to make the big investment and take the margins backwards, you can go ahead and leave that concern. In 2016, in the first quarter, we talked about our investment program and we laid out a very clear path as to what are we going to do with our margins on the way down and on the way up. And hopefully, we've been really, really clear on that. It's also in our investor deck.  If we have a situation like that in the future, we will talk to all of our investors and all of our analysts. What we're really saying is, we think we've got appropriate spend inside the business. We will balance between, we'll call it, the BAU stuff and innovation through the organization. But we do believe that innovation is very important in how we can serve and engage with our customers and our carrier partners. We will continue to do that as an organization.  Not all of it will be CapEx. Not all of it's going to be OpEx. There's going to be balancing back and forth because sometimes, as part of that, that leads you to partnering that Powell talked about. That's going to flow to OpEx. Some things, we'll build ourselves. We can work through all those. And again, we've incorporated that into all the guidance, at least that we've given for 2021. If other opportunities pop up during 2021 that we need to change our view because we think it's something really good for our business long term and delivers appropriate shareholder values, then we will absolutely talk to everybody about it. There's no looming big investment out there. So, we just want to hit that one head on. 
Andrew Watts: One of the things to keep in mind on the cash flow is we do get movements up and down based upon what happens with the fiduciary assets. And so, as those kind of – as our fiduciary assets – again, keep in mind on those, that's the premium that flows through the organization for all the billing. So that can move up and down.  If you look at last year when we grew free cash flow significantly faster than EBITDAC as well as the earnings per share, so I think last year, we were at on a free cash flow close to about 15%. I think, this year, we're about a 7.6%. So, you will see some movement up and down inside of there. It's the reason why we focus a lot on the cash flow from operations and the conversion ratio. We were just shy of 28% this year. We were just a little over 28% last year. So, it's going to kind of hover in that range. But we're really, really pleased with the cash and the way that we were able to convert our revenues again in 2020. 
Andrew Watts: Just to go back, we had quite a few movements this year, both up and down. If you remember, back at the end of the first quarter, we had taken down a number of the earnouts because when we were looking at the potential projections based upon what we were all staring down, at the end of March on the economy, we said, well, we're clearly not going to make those numbers, and so we reduced those. Then we get to the end of the second quarter and the outlook looks completely different. And then, by the third quarter, it looks different again. We took them all back up. And so, you are going to see unusual swings on a full year. Actually, we didn't really have a lot of movement you can see around. That's part of this unknown about this economy because what we have to be able to do is incorporate the best information that we have at the time of doing the calculations as to what we think is going to occur over the remaining earn-out period. And that's what we tried to do this year.  Let's say, if you go back and look over time, our actual adjustments on a full year basis are actually pretty minimal, considering the size of the earn-outs that we have as well as the purchase price.  So, we think, overall, we do a pretty good job. This year is probably a little bit of a different one just because of the economy that we're in right now.
Andrew Watts: They've all performed pretty well, Greg. And I guess maybe one way to look through that is what has been the net charge or credit back into the P&L. And to our earlier comment, it's really not been material over the years as a percentage of the overall. And so, what we try to do is establish that initial earn-out to a level that we believe is usable, again, for everything that we know at the time of doing the transaction. And ultimately, we would love to see all of our sellers and our new teammates completely max out their earn-outs. We would love to see that. And the reason why is because that means that the business is performing well. Many of them do. Some of them don't get all the way there. But we're very, very pleased with our success rate on our acquisitions, how well they perform versus original expectations, and ultimately, over the years after they've become part of the team. 
Andrew Watts: Let's tackle cash first. So, Greg, if we go back to our earlier comments, the $700 million issuance of our ten-and-a-half year bonds in September, that was the primary driver of the cash going up. And as we talked about during the previous call, the reason why we accessed the market back at that point, it is, we thought it was a very, very opportune time to go get very low cost of capital as an organization. And as you know well, when you need it, it's expensive. When you don't, it generally isn't. And we thought we were just in a great position as an organization, the markets were extremely, extremely receptive for us to issue bonds at just a little over 2.5% or 2.25%. So, we're very, very pleased with that.  That doesn't mean that we issued that because we've got big pending acquisition. And so, we're going to do a big buyback as an organization. Not at all. We talked about the fact that, with that capital, the access, what we'll generate, we feel really good about how we can invest in our business. So, we may have "some negative carry on interest," but we think that's definitely worth that potential slight negative carry to have the access to that capital that's out there. So, that's just a thought on that front. The other piece on the cash and cash equivalents is, keep in mind, that not all of that is Brown & Brown cash. So, historically, it's generally been about a 50/50 split between our money and the fiduciary funds rolling through. That is much more weighted toward Brown & Brown at the end of the year.
Andrew Watts: It shows up in two places, Greg. In states or carriers that require that we need to put customer funds in specific accounts, then that money sits inside of the restricted cash and investments. In those states that do not require it or carriers, that just sits within Brown & Brown cash and cash equivalents.
Andrew Watts: We don't have significant working capital requirements inside the organization, Greg. But we normally say, keeping a couple of hundred million dollars of real Brown & Brown cash is sufficient for the organization based upon how much we deliver on a quarterly basis. And we are looking at cash flow projections every month, every quarter for the business. We know what capital allocations that are out there. So, we can work our way through all those actually pretty easily. And then, if we ever have a situation where we need capital in the quarter, that's why we have a revolver, so that we can draw on that in the past and then we can pay it back down. But we're very, very in tune with our cash.
Andrew Watts: The accounts payable, if you look at that, that's the shift in – if you look down on our other liabilities, you can see that they actually went up, but one of the items we've been and we've got some earn-outs that are coming due in the next 12 months, that's what shifted up in the accounts payable.
Andrew Watts: It is not a source of working capital, your question, Greg. It was just a movement, which was other liabilities. Okay? And then, Holly, why don't we – we're at 9:11, why don't we – we'll take one more question today. And then, if anybody else has other follow-ups, we can always just take after the call.
