Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. Great report. Before we get to closing comments, we wanted to talk about our new Core Commercial Program that we’ve launched in partnership with QBE. This is now our third lift-out of a program, in 2012 we lifted out the automobile aftermarket program from Zurich and 2013 we lifted out the non-standard auto program from Everest. We believe it is our proven track record of running efficient programs, our underwriting capabilities, our technology, distribution and our talented teammates that enable us to help our carrier partners seek better returns on their programs. We’re excited about the potential for this new program as it gives us a broad based business owner policy and a commercial package policy. This program will be licensed in all 50 states and will generally target middle market companies with annual premiums of $100,000 and below. We’ve also increased our nationwide independent agency distribution and we’ve added more than 50 new teammates. As part of the lift-out we have a long-term commitment from QBE as they like the business and the potential outlook. From a financial standpoint, we will recognize revenues of about $6 million to $8 million in the second half of 2017 and we will have a net P&L investment of $1 million to $3 million. In 2018, we expect the revenues will increase to about $15 million to $17 million and our net P&L impact will be an investment of $2 million to $4 million. During this time period, we will be building our technology to support the program, then when we transmission off QBE’s technology platform, the margins by the end of 2020 will be in line with the overall margins of our National Programs division. In closing, we remain optimistic about the outlook for the remainder of the year. The economy appears to be moving upwards slightly and rates appear to be moderating slightly. Our new Core Commercial Program will give us some organic growth in the second half of this year to help substantially replace the Cat claim revenue from 2016. We’re working hardly at a lot of our core technology programs done by the first quarter of next year and further work to implement our uniformed retail agency management system. We were successful in closing a couple of acquisitions before the end of the quarter and we continue to look at a number of transactions that help us grow -- further grow and expand our capabilities. We have a lot of great activity going on throughout the company and are making progress in many of our initiatives to drive the business forward. I would like to thank all of our teammates for their efforts. We appreciate everything they do each and every day for our company and our team. With that, let me turn it back over to Tracy for our Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Okay. So, Elyse, as you now, we don’t think one quarter, you can have ups and downs in a division or in our business. Having said that, as you heard me say the average for the first half of the year was 2.5% organic growth versus 1.3% organic growth last year. So we are pleased with the overall performance, retail and the direction that it’s going. We were down a little bit this quarter and so, in your vernacular, we grew 3% in Q1 and we grew 2.1% in Q2. As you know we don’t give organic growth guidance and we haven’t in the past, we’ve said that we believe that the business is a low-to-mid single-digit organic growth business and a steady state economy. But I know you are looking for some nugget of information and there is not really a nugget, when I say that, it is, we are continuing to execute the plan, we are doing better by a factor of almost double this time this year versus this time last year and we continue to work to improve it. So there is not one thing, it’s just we are down a little bit versus the first quarter in Q2.
Powell Brown: That’s correct – yeah. We – it is intended and will be an ongoing program. And you are correct and how you stated that, yes.
Powell Brown: Well, remember, in any time you have a transition when it comes from a carrier and/or platform. There is a little bit of transition time. So ultimately, I believe that there – we’re not talking about the growth numbers just like organic growth, but we do believe that the business can grow and we are excited about their risk appetite and working with the independent agents that they have actually already developed the really, really good business with. This business is primarily based up right outside of Madison, Wisconsin, and so we have a bunch of new teammates that have joined there and once it gets into our system, we’ll be able to comment on growth and how it’s doing, just like, if we are talking about those that are contributed in the program space like winter place and the earthquake just in this particular quarter.
Powell Brown: Basically, it will be very similar to what we’ve said, which we are expecting next year full year revenue of $15 million to $17 million. So stated more simply with little or very little or moderate growth in the program we think that that occurs in the margin...
Powell Brown: Well, since as you know they’re private equity owned, we don’t have a good visibility into their organic growth profile. I don’t know what that will be. Obviously, they bought I think was 40 businesses or 40 offices out of Wells Fargo before and I think that that has been successful for them or was successful for them, obviously enabling them to pay whatever they did which was a big number for the Wells Fargo business. And so, it -- only time will tell. I would think that they’re going to have quite some time to integrate that, but I could be wrong. We run into them periodically in the acquisition space. It’s just like a number of other firms. There is about 26 private equity backed firms as you know, Kai. And on any given day, any one of those people can pop their head up and pay a big number for an opportunity. But, once again, banks depending on how it was run in the bank, there will be probably a transition and how they did it at Wells and how they’re going to do it under Mike Sicard and the rest of their leadership probably going to be a little different. So they’re going to have to just work through that.
Powell Brown: Okay. So what I would tell you, Sarah, good morning, is in each of the lift-out opportunities and everyone’s a little different. But we were talking with our carrier partner and they had been evaluating either the cost structure, the profile of the business, the direction of it, whatever -- it could be a bunch of variables and they basically said, would it be better for us, this is the carrier, to actually partner with somebody like Arrowhead, Brown & Brown, in order to distribute this and be more efficient across our system. Can we get better results partnering with Arrowhead then we can ourselves. So having said that, that’s how each of these and in different ways that’s sort of come about. Also as and I can’t stress this enough, the quality of our teammates in Arrowhead and across programs, we believe is second to none, number one. Number two, our technology we believe is second to none. Number three, we’ve done several of these, so we have a history of doing this successfully, which is unique. And to your second question, we believe that as a result of all the other capital, I don’t even call it alternative any more, other capital out there and the way carriers are thinking about trying to write new business that there are a number of carriers that have very high fixed expense structures, which will have to evaluate other opportunities in the future. So do I think there is an opportunity for us in the future, yes. Do we know of one, no. Do we have one right on deck, no. And if you think about it, they’d happen like once every couple of years. And so it’s a long process, this isn’t like something, somebody just decide to do there, it’s an incredible amount of work that goes into doing what we’ve talked about. And I’ll tell you, I talked to six or seven of our teammates yesterday that were directly involved in the heavy lifting of move – of this partnership with QBE and they did an exceptional job. And so, like I said, we look out at it as an opportunity, we’ve done this now three times, this is a third. We would like to think that there are opportunities in the future but only time will tell.
Powell Brown: Okay. So, let’s say that you have a large standard insurance company. You pick the name, I won’t name anybody and their fixed costs, their expense ratio is 35% to 40% or 32% to 40%, and they know to be competitive going forward. It probably needs to be more like a 28%. I just pulled that out of the air. And so with the same amount of losses is there a way for them to let us put it on our platform and run it more efficiently than they. So I know you know this, but home office, overhead loads and charges can rack up or erode a margin in a program in a big company. And so when you bring that to us, it’s fully allocated and it operates on its own more efficiently, and we can drive some of that efficiency through our technology, as Andy talked about, our investment in that technology will enable us to bring profitability that over time, more profitability to it. So, like I said, you know more about insurance company financial structures than I do. But I can tell you, running a very high expense ratios presents a challenge for all of those leaders going forward and opportunities for us.
Powell Brown: Hey, Josh, you think, we would just clarify. The other reason why we also break this out is, I would say, almost all of our analyst, I can’t say every one of them, but almost every one of them do not forecast any adjustment for acquisition earn-outs. Some put some of the interest accretion inside of it and some put zero. So if we don’t break this out, we’re actually comparing an apple with an orange then.
Powell Brown: Well, remember we have – there is two parts to that business, there is binding authority and there is transactional brokerage.
Powell Brown: And we with a very good team of people in both segments of that business. As you heard me allude to earlier the Cat property rates are not going down as fast, they still are going down, but they’re not going down as fast as they once were and we continue to do a good job for our binding authority partners across the country and it’s quite honestly a lot just getting in, a lot of opportunities and binding a lot of those opportunities, I know that sounds pretty basic. But Tony Strianese and his team, Kathy Colangelo and Neal Abernathy, they’ve done a great job of putting the great group of people together and giving them the products to sell to their retail customers. So, we’re very, very pleased with wholesale, not only this quarter, but that’s the highest growing business in our company in the last five years or six years.
Powell Brown: Yeah. The answer is, I don’t know the right at the top of my head the volume of submissions. I know that it is an enormous number. But I can’t comment, I am sorry, I don’t know how much it’s up or down. I can tell you that it is categorically up though, I could say that for sure…
Powell Brown: Yeah. They’re both doing well. Remember, the bigger the premium on an account, the more attention that it attracts, and therefore, I think, it’s fair to say, it’s probably under the most rate pressure. So a $1 million premium is going to be different than a $4,700 premium.
Powell Brown: Well, hypothetically we don’t really give guidance, but it’s doing quite well and we’re very pleased with it, how’s that.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Tracy. Thank you all very much and it’s great to talk to you. We’ll talk to you next quarter. Good day.
Andy Watts: Hi. Good morning, Elyse. It’s Andy here. No. As we’ve really said on the previous calls, we don’t have that level of visibility. We would expect them to continue to probably be flattish just based upon kind of what we know out there. It just depends up on performance every individual carrier partner and/or how it’s currently going underneath on there, so they do kind of moderate up and down.
Andy Watts: Yeah. Those will be the three main areas. Just again, keep in mind, the programs and as we mentioned before, when we’re going through the carrier changes, as well as the flood claims, those generally come with higher margin associated with them, so that will put pressure on the margins in the back end of the year.
Andy Watts: Okay. So, first off, we’re very pleased with what’s happening with our producers across the platform. So, that does not mean that they weren’t working hard before, because they were working really hard before. But there is also a monetary reward attached with a desired performance of growing their book on a net basis 5% or more. So, we’re very pleased with that, number one. Number two, as it relates to the organic growth and what we think it will be purely speculative right now versus what the actual outcome is, Kai, for the year. Here’s what I would say when we went in. There are some producers that grow their book substantially every year. So, I don’t think that the additional incentive is going to drive a different behavior. It will reward them more for that desired behavior. Then there are other producers who may not be able to grow their book as much each year, which may give them further incentive to do so and ultimately only time will play that out. But you could have somebody who has had their book flat or just up slightly or down slightly over the last couple of years for a whole bunch of reasons and maybe that helps them drive their book forward to give them additional growth. And so we have -- we do not talk about the anticipated organic growth associated with it just like we don’t give organic growth guidance on our business. I will say, you could draw a parallel, I’m not saying you should, but you could a draw parallel that are average organic growth in Q1 in retail is 2.5 this year versus 1.3 last year. That might be something you could do, but I’m not saying you should. But ultimately at the end of the day, our goal is to grow our business more rapidly organically and profitably, and we believe this is part of the solution to doing that. We’re very pleased with it.
Andy Watts: And Kai, when you are thinking about the out years and our comments on margin is most of that is actually associated with moving on to our technology platform that’s where we get the benefit out of, it’s not off the significant growth in the revenues.
Andy Watts: I could not give you that answer right here on the spot, Josh, if we go back in history. But we can figure that we’ll go back and look at. Here is what happens on all of these and I think your point about high performing teams is well made. When we go to the acquisitions, we’re looking at the quality of the team that we’re bringing on, as well as the historical performance of that business and we’re setting the expectations accordingly. One of the things we don’t do is, we don’t give everybody away a layup when you come in. That’s just now how we operate. And so as we go through we’re trying to project generally over that earn-out period, two years, three years. What we think that business is actually going to produce, some business is do come in and just absolutely crush it and they’re well over our pro forma. So therefore we take a charge to the P&L. If that’s a highbrow problem, if they’re well over our numbers. But we try to get that as best as we can. Sometimes we miss it a little bit on either of the side. So, and that’s why you can’t see it up and down. But I don’t what you to think or we don’t want you to think that we’re walking away from GAAP that is absolutely not the case. We still believe that GAAP numbers are very important. It’s just these are – it could be the one area where we’ve got the most volatility up and down.
