Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. As we close out '22 and look forward to '23, we have a couple of observations. First, last year was another very successful year for Brown & Brown. We delivered over $3.5 billion of revenues growing 17% had our largest year of acquisitions while expanding our footprint and capabilities in the U.K. market. We invested in technology to help improve the experience for our customers and teammates, grew organically at over 8%, delivered strong margins, again, even with higher variable costs and the impacts of Hurricane Ian, as well as generated over $880 million of cash flow from operations. We're also in a strong position from a capital standpoint and we'll continue to invest in our capabilities in order to best serve the needs of our customers. Regarding the economic outlook of 2023, well, there's a lot of uncertainty regarding inflation and labor shortages, we expect further economic moderation as the impact of higher interest rates take effect. From an insurance standpoint, we're anticipating admitted market rate increases to be relatively consistent with last year, we expect CAT property rates to be up 10% to 40% or more for at least the first half of the year, as well as capacity to potentially be constrained. It's not potentially, it will be constrained as the market needs to fully digest an impact. The impact of Hurricane Ian, as well as other insured losses. In addition, professional liability rates should continue to moderate downward. Regarding recent acquisitions they're performing well and we are expecting good profitable growth in the coming year. On an M&A front, we have a good pipeline and we'll continue our disciplined approach to finding great companies that fit culturally and makes sense financially. In summary, we feel great about our business, the diversity of our capabilities and our ability to help customers with risk management solutions that best fit their needs. Our team of almost 15,000 has good momentum, and we're looking forward to another strong year. With that let me turn it back over to Norma for the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Okay. Let's start with the second part first. Let's talk about employee benefits. Employee benefits overall performed really well for the year and we're very pleased with those businesses. And as we said in our prepared remarks, that was actually really only in one or two businesses that had a setback. Having said that, I think that EV will continue to perform well in the system. We don't give organic guidance on that and we don't break out lines of business, but from an employee benefits standpoint, feel really good. As it relates to the CAT property pricing, the variable there, Greg, as you know is not as much our -- I mean, it is there are certain limitations on ability to present limits in some instances. But it's more of -- in my opinion, it's more of an affordability issue. And so, if you think about if you've been giving rate increases, let's just say to yourself on your own personal lines homeowners, if you've got an increase of let's say 10% a year for four or five years in a row and then all of a sudden we came on the fifth year and gave you a 25% increase, there is a -- the buyers are tiring of that. And so, having said that, availability of capacity in this market is unlike anything I've ever seen, I've only been in the insurance industry for 33 years now. So, there's a lot more to go, but I've not ever seen anything like this and we will continue to provide solutions to our customers. But sometimes the example I think we used last time and I would use it again is, if you have an entity, and they're paying $800,000 for their property and the renewal is a $1.8 million, and they say, what can we buy for $1 million, which can't buy anymore insurance, we can't afford it. So, we're seeing that more and more, Greg. So, the CAT pricing that is going to -- is it more of a wildcard. The other thing that we're seeing is in the CAT capacity and accessing it in some instances, there is commission pressure downward on some of those placements now. So, a lot of people just think, well, as the rate goes up X, then you're going to -- your commission goes up X if you're on commission as opposed to a fee and that is true sometimes, but in this case, they might cut your commission one or two points, and so we're seeing that as well. So that's a harder one to answer, Greg.
Powell Brown: So, Rob, first of all, we think that based upon everything we see they are positive for the operating environment for risk bearers and for insurance in the State of Florida. I'd like to point out that we anticipate that the trial bar will challenge those. So, I don't think those go in place easily. So, I don't know what that means relative to timing and adoption, relative to the marketplace what our governor and the State of Florida is trying to do fundamentally is create; one, viable; two, competitive; three, sustainable marketplace. And the State of Florida is not really want to be so-called in the insurance business. But with this disruption, they will have to be bigger in the insurance business for the next several years. So, I believe -- we believe that this is a multi-year transition to bring the Florida marketplace specifically personal lines in Florida back to that kind of environment. So, it will probably take three to five years to have some additional participation by the State of Florida, i.e., what they're proposing in this and it may need more going forward. But it is not the intent of the Governor to expand their participation, i.e., as being a state risk bearer. So, it's hard to tell because you got challenges ahead, you got other things. But what we really want and need in the State of Florida is relatively affordable homeowners' prices for all-sized homes. With the coverage A home of $200,000 versus one that's over $1 million, and everything in between. And so, there's a lot of disruption across those -- all those sizes.
Powell Brown: So, the way I would just look at it is if you think about an environment which has had rate pressure up for the last several years, and in some cases dramatically more in the public markets, they're coming down substantially because it's a very competitive environment and one might speculate, Weston, that people that are reducing their catastrophic property exposure would want to write business elsewhere and where might they do it and they might say in casualty or professional lines. So, I think it's important to think of that as a headwind, slight, but a headwind on that segment of our businesses, because I think it will be down. And in some instances down a good bit.
Powell Brown: For the three -- combined. Yes. All the businesses are performing in line with our expectations. We talked a little bit about some of the seasonality during the earnings call last quarter, but no, they're all kind of right in line with what we expected.
Powell Brown: Yes. No. I would say, Michael, it's probably a net positive but slight net-net positive, and the reason I say a hedge with a slight is because of changes that we can't see in the market yet i.e., limits for -- limits being reduced by carriers or some potential for any commission pressures or anything of that nature, but -- and basically also clients just basically raising their hand and saying look uncalled. And I know that's tough, but it's true because we are the deliverer of bad news when it comes like this. So, it will be -- I think it will be slightly positive that is how I would want you to think about that.
Powell Brown: So, let's talk about your comment around wage pressure. We're not immune to wage pressure and I think that's a very important thing. And one of the things that we find just like anybody else out there in our space is the war on talent is very competitive and people are looking for people not just salespeople, but there could be service people, or marketing people, or administrative people that administer claims or things like that. So, it's a very competitive marketplace. So I don't want you to think that we're immune to that because we are far from that. That's number one. Number two, when we say T&E pressure, it's not as though we think there's going to be so much -- that much more travel and entertainment. We think that the -- if you do the same, there's just significant pressure on, let's just say an airplane ticket or a hotel depending on where you're going. And so, that's where we're seeing that pressure. And so, our business is not unlike many of the other businesses that you know, or follow, or all of the above, it isn't an inflationary environment. The pressure here although it is high is not as high as it is in England,, and in Ireland that wage pressure seems to be higher there. But we're working through that as well. So, that's kind of what we mean by that, Michael.
Powell Brown: No. We haven't seen anything interestingly enough in California. As you know, they don't get a lot of rain to begin with. And so, when they do get a lot of rain, they get significant flooding, and there are not a lot of people that buy flood insurance in the State of California. So, it's no. We don't see that.
Powell Brown: Okay. So, first off, I would say the -- I look at it a little differently than benefit more or not. You didn't use this term or suffer more maybe the and things for that. Let's look at retail for a moment. Retail has the good fortune. We deal directly with the customer. So, you're going to have a lot of heavy lifting relative to delivering those particular increases and you may have, as I said, you might have commissioned reductions in some instances. But rates going to go up, and I'd say that it's mildly positive relative to organic growth in that business. In wholesale, it makes their jobs, property brokers significantly more difficult, and trying to fill out lines of business. So, if you had a $100 million line and it was handled by one or two markets, and then now that market, it took 80% of it is pulling back or cutting their participation you got to put six or seven markets in to get your $100 million. That said, there will continue to be pressure there as well. And I think that there is more -- the most conflict if you want to call it that in placements will be in retail and wholesale. In National Programs, it's a matter of capacity availability. So, as you know, there are a number of carriers out there who have allowed their capacity underwritten by a number of different type of MGAs and MGUs, and a number of those were not profitable, not just last year, but over many years before. And so, there is -- what we consider a flight to quality. And in the sense of our underwriting facilities, we're very pleased with the results that we've delivered prior to -- excuse me -- last year and including last year with the losses and Ian and Nicole. So, I'd say that in programs it's a different thing, their growth potential is limited by availability. It's not a conflict of, in the other two, there is the hand-to-hand combat of getting people to actually put limits up and do it in the underwriting facilities, we have that authority and we can do what we can do, but we're limited by the capacity. So if in fact, a market or markets decides to cut back on their capacity they give to us that will impact our ability to grow. And conversely, if they decide to change their commission level and that would impact our ability to grow. The one thing that I do want to mention, I think it's important for everybody to think about this. Things are never as good as they seem or as bad as they seem. And what I mean by that is, even though the CAT market is very challenged right now, there will be a time in the future where it improves. Now I'm not foreshadowing something, because we don't have a crystal ball. That doesn't mean 12 months from now, we're going to have X or Y or Z, that's not what I'm saying. But there are certain markets that are approaching it in a way that they are looking very opportunistically at it. And then there are other markets that are looking at it like a long-term partnership. Obviously, we would prefer the latter as opposed to the former. But we're out looking for capacity globally. So, I just want everybody to kind of know that this pressure too will pass at some point.
Powell Brown: No, no. I think when you say the M&A activity is slowing, remember, we're talking about the industry. So, as you know, private equity has been a very big participant, and the number of private equity announced transactions in Q4 was down substantially over the prior quarter, and or Q4 of the prior year. I think that there is an interesting sort of -- we're kind of at this unusual clash point if you want to call it that, which is the market with increased interest rates and buyers would like to see a slight decrease in multiples paid. And yes, there are businesses, some of which are owned by private equity that we'd like to monetize their businesses at what were historic levels or multiples in anticipation of other opportunities for them. Or maybe better said, maybe they think there'll be pressure on multiples going forward. So they want to get out at a higher multiple, if possible, then they might think of in a year from now. I'm just using that as an example. So, I think we're going to see a lot of activity in the next 12 months. The good part about our business is we're focused on the long-term and long term to us is not one year or three years, it's a very long-time. And so, we're looking for businesses that fit culturally make sense financially, and we believe there will be those businesses out there, but in the interim period, as Andy said, we're aggressively paying down our debt. We're investing in teammates and focusing on growing our business organically.
Powell Brown: Yes. So, thanks for the question. That is somewhat of a moving target, but at the present time, we think a good outcome is flat in terms of no reduction in capacity. We may have certain of entities or businesses where they would maybe be trading some capacity or debt -- net down on a net basis, just slightly, but right now, we think it's pretty neutral. And from our vantage point, we view that as a win. So, I'm not aware of something and you specifically asked about a flood or a quake, but that could involve our wind facilities as well. But the thing that we talked about last year, and we've talked about in prior years, but it's even more magnified this year. Our growth opportunities and National Programs will be directly -- not exclusively, but directly linked to the amount of new capacity that we're able to secure. And so, if in fact, we are not able to procure any new capacity that's going to be a slight limitation on the organic growth that does not mean that we can't grow organically, it just means that we will grow more organically if we are able to secure more capacity, which we're looking at globally.
Powell Brown: Well, I'm going to answer your question two-fold. Number one, I want you to think about what a captive is. There's really three parts to the captive. There is the loss, the retention amount that you retain on any one loss that's just losses. There's number two, which is the reinstatement premium, which means you put the program back in place for a subsequent event. And the third would be if you had any profit in that period of time in that captive prior to them being distributed. And so, what I would tell you is that we are very mindful of the way we invest our capital, and we are looking for returns that help us grow the business. So, what I would tell you is, if we did not think that those were reasonable long-term investments, we would not make them. And in the event that the economics turn against us, meaning cost, inputs, or things make them not viable then we just won't do them.
Powell Brown: And the $13 million, Mark, is up to -- that doesn't mean it would be $13 million. And so, there is a very important distinction, it can be less than that or substantially less than that.
Powell Brown: No, I don't think so. I mean, remember, if you think out a little bit sort of speculate on that the outlook on that industry, I think probably inventory levels will probably lift a little in the third quarter and beyond in the year. Also in light of the economic environment that will probably be some more incentives, I don't know that, but incentives put-in-place to move units. So, if the inventory is there, and I use the most important thing, is we can't fully predict that. We think you're going to see some uptick in that, but slight.
Powell Brown: Sure. So, remember GRP is England and Ireland, both Republic of Ireland and we have businesses already in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. And BdB, we do business in -- excuse me, Italy, meaning we are the largest producer of Italian business into Lloyd's. That's over 50% of that business and then we do business in France and in Belgium. And we also do business obviously in England into the London marketplace. So, what I would tell you is that in England it's not dissimilar to hear, which you see a lot of pressure on wages and cost of living, i.e., fuel oil and things like that. And so but from a comp -- from a customer standpoint, we have not yet seen a significant down draft on their buying habits. So, what I would tell you is, we think that the economy seems to be moving along in a fine way there as it relates to our exposure although it would be -- it's much smaller in Western Europe, we're not seeing any other unusual trends either remember Lloyd's is a big market globally. I think about 50% of their premium writings are in the United States. But the other 50 are worldwide. And so, we are continuing to have nice growth inside of our business -- our Lloyd's brokers, which we have now three. And so, we're very pleased that decades-long Meyer and BBB.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Norma. Thank you all very much. We appreciate your time and energy. We thought last year was a really good year and we're excited about the future. I think my final comment would be this. As it relates to trends we don't think that trend is one quarter and we don't measure the outcomes of business over a quarter. We look at years and multiple years and so as it relates to each of our three largest segments, we feel good about going into next year. There are some limitations, i.e. because of market constraints and economic constraints, but we're going to work our way through those. So we look forward to talking to you next quarter. And have a nice day. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Sure. Well, I think what we're trying to say on that one, Greg, is we don't see any major headwinds or tailwinds going into the year. We do have like most everybody else unknowns around what will happen with inflation and T&E, but we'll work our way through those pieces. I don't see any major incremental investments that we're making in the business that we need to call out externally, we're always making investments in our business, but we do that each year through everything. We do anticipate that T&E will be up year-over-year, just not to the extent that what we saw '22 versus 2021 right now. So, and that was really why we gave guidance going into 2022 because that was a big variable, but right now, we're not seeing anything specifically that would impact the margins in 2023 versus 2022.
Andy Watts: No, Robert, maybe the way to think about it, is we had a few businesses last year that just had absolutely outsized performance in the fourth quarter. One of them was a newer business that was starting. So, it was in growth mode. So, that's what makes the year-over-year comparison in the fourth quarter difficult. But as Powell mentioned in his comments, we feel really good about how our businesses are positioned and how they performed for 2022, don't read more into that in the fourth quarter there's no reason to.
Andy Watts: So, I think -- I think, Rob there's two pieces inside there. So, one of the things we talked about on the growth bonus that was about $7 million, and as of right now, we don't see that recurring into 2023. And again that is inside of the organic calculation, not in contingent commissions. And then, we didn't give guidance on contingents by the individual segments. My comment was just overall for the company that at least as of right now we see relatively flat in 2023, but again all depends upon loss experienced during the year and overall growth and profitability.
Andy Watts: Hi, good morning, Weston. Yes. The EB business does have some seasonality to it, and it's generally a little bit -- if you look across the quarters first, normally it's a little bit more weighted to Q1 and that's just because of the way in which revenue is recognized in that business. And then you normally see it, the fourth quarter is normally one of the lower that your kind of just naturally how that business participates. From at least the -- some of the headwinds and what we've talked about in the fourth quarter, some of those may carry over into Q1, but don't see any issues on a full-year basis similar to our comments about how we thought about the business for 2022.
Andy Watts: So, one of the items that we saw in the third -- during the fourth quarter, is we did recognize about $3 million or $4 million that we had anticipated we would not recognize in the fourth quarter. If you remember back to the call, we said we had backed out to the third quarter call. We had backed up $15 million year-to-date and said, we probably would -- therefore, not record in the fourth quarter. Development was not at the extent that we anticipated at that stage, which is that positive. And so we recognize those three to four, and then as we look to 2023, we would anticipate earnings some in '23, not back to kind of normal levels because there is some still carry-over in the calculation. But we've taken that into consideration when we have given guidance at a total level for the company, substantially flat.
Andy Watts: Yes. I think isolation, I think that's probably fair at least. But there's -- within our business, like most businesses, but at least we'll talk to ours specifically, there's always a lot of moving parts, and you've always got things kind of moving back and forth. And that was really why we're trying to give guidance about any major tailwinds or headwinds that are out there.
Andy Watts: Nothing at a top-level until Weston's earlier question is, will there be potentially a little bit of headwind in the first quarter from what we saw in the fourth quarter a little bit, but we feel really good about our business and how it's positioned and the capabilities that we have served customers of all sizes in that business and feel like we will perform well during 2023.
Andy Watts: Hi, Mark, just a question for you, if you can expand on -- when you said -- you talked about providing adequate returns, how do you -- walk us through how you mean that because I guess I think we're maybe not seeing it the same way you are, but if you seeing....
Andy Watts: Okay. So, that there -- and probably lies the opportunity to clarify on these some more. Here's the way we want everybody to trying to think about these, is what we're doing is we're participating in the underwriting profits on these captives. What do we do on contingent commissions, we participate in the underwriting profits. So, this is not where they're coming in and we're paying commissions and everything else on the business. So, I think that's part of just the piece that maybe you're thinking about it's a traditional call it operating profit, it's coming through as -- assume it's normal operating profit versus underwriting profit in there. So, we're very, very pleased with the performance this year and to Powell's point, we want to put our capital into these if we didn't think that we can get an appropriate return.
Andy Watts: Good morning, Mike. Andy here. It's the -- wouldn't say anything that was related to Hurricane Ian true-ups, right? What we did at the end of the third quarter is we had backed off to $15 million as we've mentioned earlier, and we had also, at that point said based upon what we thought the losses were going to be, we would not record $3 million to $4 million in one of our programs that development did not come in at the anticipated level, which is, again, that's a positive thing. Therefore, we did go ahead and record that $3 million or $4 million in the fourth quarter. All over the other contingents that we recorded in the fourth quarter, that was all based upon the profitable growth that we delivered for our carrier partners, and just we do year-end calculations and sometimes -- you make it sometimes you don't -- that's where we see generally the most volatility in our National Programs, they just -- they move back in force.
Andy Watts: Yes. So, one of the other items in there we talked about it was we said we delivered $25 million of revenue from the captives and about $5 million of that came through the Orchid acquisition. So, the remainder of that being on the organic side. We're going to see continued growth in '23, but not at that same level, Derek.
Michael Zaremski: Hi, good morning. Maybe focusing back on the dislocation in the parts of the property market. I'm just curious at a high level if your view has changed and whether this is -- whether the environment is kind of net benefit or to growth or margins or net neutral or maybe even that negative because there's a lot of moving parts clearly you came out and talk a little bit about commission pressures, but rates are moving materially higher, so just kind of curious if you see that all the moving parts net-net, as a wash potentially or if your view has changed.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. Maybe switching gears to inflationary impacts on the income statement of Brown. I think there was a comment made about some unknowns on inflation and T&E. When I think about the Brown's commission model I think of it kind of being somewhat more insulated from wage pressures due to the kind of how the front-line salespeople are paid. But maybe I'm wrong and maybe you can just kind of elaborate on what do you mean by kind of where the T&E and inflation are.
Michael Zaremski: That's helpful. And just maybe sneak in one quick one. Any impact from the flooding in California to -- that the flood program that you administer, that could be material.
