Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. In closing, we remain optimistic about 2016 and the outlook for our company. The activity we’re seeing in our businesses and how we’re investing for the long-term will put us in a good position for the future. Our technology initiatives are moving forward and we look forward for these to gain more momentum this year. As I mentioned earlier, we do expect rates for 2016 remain under pressure most notably catastrophic property. From an M&A perspective, the activity in the industry is not slowing. While valuations remain high, we continue to look for company that fit culturally and make sense financially. We are as you know, patience and disciplined. So performance will more than likely not happen overnight. So our culture and our capital deployment strategy will help us drive long-term shareholder value. Now, let’s turn it over to Q&A. Taylor, I’ll let you open it up.
Powell Brown: Okay so relative to the margin impact in the investment of people. Kai as you know, we have overtime allocated a portion of our revenues to subsidize or sponsor, not subsidize sponsor hires in offices to incent offices to hire new people and when you hire somebody that has no insurance background to get them launched, it’s usually a two, three or four year period in production at a minimum. And so we’re making investments not just in retail, which is that period, where a ramp up period might be a little quicker in wholesale, but we made investments in our programs space as Andy and I leaded to in our All Risk program as a newbie. This is what I want to make sure you know about margin compression. I'll let Andy talk about IT but there are really three components, if I look at the aggregate impact on our margins in Q1. Number one, in our services division as you heard me say, we have a third-party administrator which their claims volume was down dramatically due to the lack of weather related events in the first quarter that’s number one. Number two, we've talked about growth in some of our programs but impact or competitive pressures on some of our larger very established very good programs in our costal property. So CAT programs are down and the margins in some of those are higher than those at which that have grown on the top-line in CAT property and the final thing is new teammates, which we talked about first as evidenced by not only All Risk as a new De Novo startup, but continuing to invest in offices in new hires and retail, wholesale and programs. So with that Andy, I'll turn it over to you.
Powell Brown: And it relates to the margin maintenance, what we’ve said historically and we would maintaining the position is, in an environment where rates are going down somewhat reasonably we think that we can grow organically and maintain or in some instances grow the margin depending on the quarter. But if you go into a situation where there was a continued precipitous fall kind of across the board in rates which we don’t see right now, but that would put pressure on the margins.
Powell Brown: Hi. Elyse. No we don’t I mean that's the one that we just don’t have any visibility into the contingence on those. So I think in the current environment I guess the only thing we would say is we wouldn’t expect [form] [Ph] to be going up.
Powell Brown: Quintan as you remember we talk about capital allocation with our board all the time, as it related to whether we’re going to buy agencies or buy agencies and invest in people or return it to share holders. And what we do is we constantly evaluate the investment option of buying ourselves versus buying additional agencies or investing it in people of which we’re doing all of the above or have done all the above over last 12-months. So we’ll continue to talk to the board about it we don’t have as Andy said a stated buyback amount by quarter nor a stated amount would be so called ASR or certain threshold, we continue to evaluate it all times.
Powell Brown: I’ll take it. The answer to the question is we can, like I said I told you why retail organic growth was impacted in Q1. Having said that if they are continues to be - our business Quintan is exposure unit or exposure basis driven payroll, sale, number of automobiles. So I call it the GDP of the middle-market economy, not national GDP, the middle-market economy. So if you go to Miami and you look at what being built in South Beach, you would be amazed with a 15 cranes in the sky, but if you go to some place like another town in Oklahoma may be the economy is not doing as well as an example. So the rate environment currently borrowing a precipitous fall in rates meaning more than we’re seeing in the other lines of business, we believe that we can, knowing that we are going to start incurring some expenses, you probably need to adjust for the expenses with the technology as some of those come on in a near to in immediate term. But as we’ve said, I think Charles asked about do we continue to invest in people, we want to continue to invest in people, we’re going to continue to do that and I believe that margin is definitely achievable.
Powell Brown: I think it’s sort of thing in a similar place as we talked about, as we’re seeing kind of parts and flashes of 2015. That’s how I would describe it.
Powell Brown: So well I mean if you think about it and we've talked a lot about it at overtime. Employment practices liability continues to be a challenge in certain classes of business. So there could be certain classes of D&O that is under pressure, but at the end of the day it's spotty. What we are trying to say is that's one of the segment, commercial auto and professional liability are two areas that are more flat to up ever so slightly. Commercial auto in particular, because they are running temperatures with most of the carriers. If you talk to most of the standard carriers their auto and personal lines are running temperatures.
Powell Brown: Let’s make sure that and we tried to articulate this. That some of our businesses that are impacted are higher margin businesses than others or there is a growth in a business, which might be a De Novo business like a program that we start. So as I said earlier and this is not an excuse, this is a statement of fact. One, we had a services business, a TPA that had very limited claims activity, which impacted our margins. Two, CAT property programs, which are higher margin businesses than number one a start-up, but two, some of those programs that were growing nicely in Q1. And three would be the investment in new teammates. So I don’t want to say that it’s just investment in new teammates, because just like anything else, some parts of your business are under constant attack and then others might be moving right along nicely. We just happen to have a lot of segments that are - two or three segments meaning in particular services piece and in our CAT programs, that have been under competitive pressure and we think that will continue for a while. So to answer your question, our margins maybe like that if we continue to have results like we've just outlined in those three segments. That is not what we want that’s not what you want and we don’t manage our business that way, but we intend over a long period of time for it to work out.
Powell Brown: Okay. So Kai, as you have seen and read, some of these technology backed companies are very well funded and some of them are coming either to a stop or they are going through gyrations. And what I would say is this. Do we believe that there could be a segment of small commercial purchase online? And the answer is yes, that could be the case. And the carriers are careful about what I would call comparison shopping. So if you have model, which actually lets you basically compare three companies, standard companies that you know by name against each other and their small business units, they don’t like that, because they try to differentiate their product on coverage and service and which some can and do. But in that instance when you have an online rater, many times you just stacking and lump against each other and it is a spreadsheet. That said, what we found whether it would be in personal lines or in small commercial. There are certain complexities that come with risk particularly as you as an individual or as an business start to accumulate assets which they may not be familiar with the coverages that would be appropriate and so there is a possibility that they have what I call coverage is stripped down that maybe cheaper, cheaper, cheaper. But they maybe buying a Yugo as opposed to a Chevrolet or a Cadillac. And so and do they actually know the difference in the coverages and so I'm not aware of anything yet that does not mean that we are dismissing that out of hand quite the contrary, and we think about how technology can play a role in our small business units as well and as we invest in our personal lines business which is actually a $90 million business as you know. What we say so far though, so far is the technology companies that I'm aware of, they have done a good job of sizzle in terms of the marketing but I don’t think that they have done as well a job in the execution of the plan where they are able to make money over a period of time. So it doesn’t mean somebody is not going to do that, it just means that we continue to watch it carefully and whether it was the online benefits related company or when Google started trying to - the search engine I should say started looking into selling coverage online and then has pulled back from some of that. We watch with great interest, but we are thinking about how we invest in our small commercial from a technology standpoint in personal lines independent of that.
Powell Brown: Yes, the answer is we have had some activity, but once again things kind of evolve overtime, so you have immediate claims and then you have things that sort of roll in as well and so we would say that the magnitude of the impact were not fully - we don’t know the full impact yet, it’s too early, but we can just tell you that we've had a good number of claims already.
Andrew Watts: Okay. So we don’t have it broken out exactly in retail in that segment, but I would tell you, we've spoken about this before and we think it’s probably 20% both on individual property or in packages, that’s roughly, but if you look in certain offices in Southeast Florida, they could have very high concentration in condominium and apartment books. Number one. Number two in our E&S, our wholesale segment, the vast majority I would say that numbers about 65% to 70% of that is related to property. Now when I say property that’s brokerage property and binding authority property. Binding authority property is under pressure, brokerage property is under what we would call extreme pressure down 15%, 25% and you heard me talk about the historical perspective in Florida. In terms of our program business, we have several large programs FIU being one, Sigma being another, the Catastrophic or the DIC, Difference In Condition programs both commercial and personal residential in California are big programs that have been affected as well, which we would be competing directly in the phase of that E&S marketplace. So it has had an impact overall, but that’s not the only reason that’s part of it.
Andrew Watts: I said alluded to earlier that in Q1 we had some offices, we wrote a lot of new business and not all of that new business comes in, in the quarter, so it comes in maybe ratably or in some instances different times over the year, but we experience some more loss business than historical norms and certain offices. And that could be as a result of companies being acquired, it could be a loss in relationship where these buyer as there has been a change in the buyer at the insurance office or something of that nature. But we’ve had a number of offices, which historically have very high retention ratios where they may have been affected by one or two large accounts that were loss. And there is not something that I can point to in particular, meaning saying this is a trend because of that. It is more a combination of acquired, we call it lost relationship in terms of in a property market, I mean in a market like this and as you probably saw in business insurance more recently, the property casualty insurance company many of them or just struggling to keep their premium volume flat somewhere down. And in that kind of market, sometimes they do squarely thing, squarely things could be defined as writing policies that are longer than 12 months, i.e. 15 or 18 months, shorter than that i.e. eight months to get them out of wind season or do something that over a long period of time they wouldn’t support from a pricing standpoint. But on a short-term basis one year, two years they would do.
Andrew Watts: That’s correct. I mean, like I said, I'm making a comment that I believe that we’ve had more loss business in some of our strong offices in the first quarter than we have historically. I could say that categorically and those are the reasons why.
Andrew Watts: Good morning Kai. From a IT prospective if you remember back when we talked about this at the end of the last year. We said that we would spend the $30 million to $40 million and we gave a range for this year, we said we should have a margin impact of anywhere from 40 to 50 basis points based upon how you know fast we’re able to ramp the programs. As it relates to the first quarter, there were some modest investments, we are just kind of getting these off and getting them going, so that will probably continue to build during the year, but no sizable or major numbers in the first quarter, but the range is still good for you.
Andrew Watts: Let me cover the IT first piece. What we said at the end of the year on it Kia is that our long-term rate that we would expect to operate inside was around 33 to 35 and when we gave the guidance we said while we’re going through the IT investment we would expect for margins to drop down by in this example let’s say 50 basis points and then we’re on the back end of the program, we got those back. Okay so I just wanted to make sure we are clear on that piece.
Andrew Watts: First thing Elyse is I’m pleased, we’re pleased and I’m pleased with the initiatives that we’re working on and like I said, it doesn’t happen overnight number one. In terms of retail, as I said to Kai earlier, I would attribute the performance in retail to some more loss business than historical in certain offices, and those are in offices that have historically very high retention ratios and so those could be attributable to acquisitions. Those that mean business in our insurers are being acquired, it could be a loss of relationship as I said or a carrier doing something very, very unusual, which may not be sustainable in terms of market product and it could be for 12 months period or something less than or greater than that. As it relates to our employee benefits business, we do not breakout our organic growth for employee benefits versus P&C. However, we have historically talked about the fact that our employee benefits business is about a $260 million business in aggregate. We have talked about that in the past. So I don’t know if that answered your question exactly, but gave you kind of a benchmark.
Andrew Watts: Yes. like I said, I don’t think you can say that lost business and very establish longstanding offices in several of those offices in one quarter makes a trend. So it is I mean Q2 now and it is a little early to see and I wouldn’t want to project a trend one way or the other, but I fully anticipate that in the offices that I'm talking about that their retention will be higher and towards more historic levels in the future.
Andrew Watts: No. In aggregate Elyse I don’t think so. I do think that the GPA weather related events creates a little bit of lumpiness, so I know that that's not easy for you, you collectively all of you to model. So, I would just say that be mindful that that's not just in this one segment, we have some of that in right, we have some of that we have it in other segments so that's number one. Number two I think is the CAT property pressure is real, so remember there are it obviously has been, but it is and so what you are seeing as you are seeing some established larger programs that maybe have a little bit different margin profile in some of those that are growing. Some of those that are growing have good margins too, don’t get me wrong, but that has impacted our margins and we are going to continue to invest in teammates. And so when I say that we always look for good people that fit big culturally at Brown & Brown and so we hire people sometimes when we so called don’t need them in an office in anticipation of growing the business down the road. And as I said, the timeframe to get someone launched might be two, three, four years and so there is a long incubation period if you want to call it that or ramp up period.
Andrew Watts: Okay. So Charles, you are correct and saying a normal course of business. If you continue to hire and train and recruit people, so that is correct. And when you are in a business like ours, where it’s all human capital 98% let’s call it. When you acquire businesses or in acquired businesses, you have sometimes people that are going to retire or want to do something else, or in existing businesses, we have this evolution of our workforce. And so having said that yes we talk about a traditional investment in producers or service teammates or marketing teammates, but what I’m saying is the traditional, the excess investments where we can export talent to offices that need it that don’t have it or we’re trying to invest in that area. And so I think you’re exactly correct. You are not incorrect in your first observation. The second thing that I would say, is that we and some of the investment community have given us a little brief in terms of acquisitions and/or the lower number of acquisitions this year or last year. And what we've said historically is, number one, we’re going to do three things with the money that we make. Number one, we’re going to invested new teammates. And in doing that, that is one of our strategies in terms of growing our business organically. Number two, we’re going to acquire businesses to fit culturally and make sense financially. And number three, we can return to shareholders, which we’ve done through as you know our dividend increases and our share repurchases. So I think the point that we’re tapping on Charles is this. We are continuing to invest for the future, I’m not talking about the normal office hiring one person or two persons that they might hire each year. I’m talking about hiring more people as we can see grow and as we become bigger for not only operation that we have today, but operations that are really forthcoming.
Andrew Watts: Hey Charles maybe, I'll see if we can give a little bit of kind of frame into this. The reason why we haven’t broken out the exact amount and this is why we've given a range on the margins of the 33 to 35 that we can operate inside of. But some of these areas that - the reason why we’re calling amount. Powell mentioned earlier about the investment in our All Risk program is an example of where we’re investing. So you know we've hired a team inside of there up and going, but we haven’t generated any revenues towards - very, very small revenues today that will build overtime. If you remember in the second quarter of last year, we talked about building out our service centers, that’s another type of examples. And all of these maybe or smaller not so like one individual coming and say well, that’s a big component to it, but if you add up a number of them, they do add up underneath there. And that’s why we say it can moderate back and forth but the goal in all of this is we want to make that we can continue to drive organic growth and make sure it’s good profitable growth for as an organization.
Andrew Watts: We've made specific investments in our wholesale business in the first quarter and those brokers will come online. We did this again just for reference, this is why in our commentary Charles we said that things - our margins can flow up and down and fill back to the first half of 2014. It’s exactly what happened there right, the margins came down in wholesale and then they rebounded back in later quarter, so they can move around overtime.
Andrew Watts: It was Mark, $3 million and just represented final true-up for some investment that have we made at the end of last year.
Andrew Watts: It’s still a good estimate on the range and as you probably saw and as we talked about when we released the year-end earnings, we’ve combined non cash stock compensation with compensation and benefits now as one line item for the fact that we’re on annual grants at this stage. So that what we used to have historically of doing this kind of low larger brands every two and a half years, put some ups and downs and the numbers with trust in volatility hard to understand. With annual, we don’t think that’s necessary anymore.
Andrew Watts: Yes. The weighted average at the end of Q1 that’s pulled down a little for those 363,000 shares that we completed. But that’s probably a good marker for the second quarter borrowing any other purchases.
Andrew Watts: Yes. You can see most of it right in the income statement, it doesn’t all fit there but most of it does.
Andrew Watts: Yes, let me clarify. Just may because this be an important point. As we had said 30 million to 40 million over a two or three-year period not in one year Michael.
Andrew Watts: No Michael that really isn’t and we haven’t quantified that because what you are seeing is, remember we talked a lot about catastrophic property, but that doesn’t mean that traditional Inland property isn’t ultra competitive. And so some carriers as you know want to play in areas where the rate online is higher, which might be in a CAT prone area, whereas other carriers have a risk appetite that says we don’t want to play in let's say coastal property, but we want to play on Inland properties. So all of the sudden that becomes competitive and their perception of risk is maybe different at one carriers versus another, meaning rate online, what they want to put in their portfolio, all that other stuff. So I don’t want to just give you the impression. We talked about property in terms of CAT property because if prices are down dramatically that does not mean that Inland property is are not very competitive and we see sometimes people do crazy things there too, but no we have not given any guidance on that.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Ryan, when we think about at least the mechanisms for buybacks. And the reason why we generally trend towards ASRs is, we think there are very efficient way in which to buy shares back out of the marketplace. It does give us a upfront share pop, which we like as part of the program allow just to buy through blackouts et cetera so they can run. And it puts ultimate execution back on whoever the agent is. That’s what they do everything and that’s why we prefer and we think there are a cost effective way to go. That doesn’t mean that that’s the only way that we would ever buy shares back in the marketplace. So we’re always looking at different opportunities and different programs that are out there. If there ever was a significant dislocation in our market value or price, we would look at the appropriate options that are out there irrespective of any of them, you still got all of the 10b-18 rules that you still have to comply with so.
Andrew Watts: Yes, the first two correct on it Charles and then we said that again on the sale was just a little under $2 million.
Andrew Watts: There is really kind of two storms there, if you go back there was the mid to late March hailstorms in Texas and with that drove also some other damage. So we've got claims of that and then obviously we've got the most recent flooding that’s going on just over the last couple of days and as Powell mentioned those - they kind of build overtime, so it’s hard to determine what it will look like right now, but we are starting to get some claims in.
