Powell Brown: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us for our first quarter 2019 earnings call. I’m on Slide 3. For the first quarter, we delivered $619.3 million of revenue, growing 23.5% in total. Our organic revenues increased by 2% for the first quarter. I’ll get into more details in a few minutes about the organic growth for each of our segments. Our EBITDAC margin was 31.8%, which is up 60 basis points versus 18. Our net income per share for the first quarter grew 25% to $0.40, as compared to the first quarter of 2018. During the quarter, we also completed eight transactions with annualized revenues of approximately $36 million. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. I’m now on Slide #4. Similar to what we’ve been experiencing for a number of quarters, the economy continue to expand in Q1 of 2019 with many of our customers investing in their business, hiring more people and growing organically. While overall premium rates remain competitive, during the first quarter, we did see some upward pressure in certain lines, including coastal property, both wind and earthquake, also in automobile employee benefits and general liability. The main line where we’re seeing rates consistently down across most regions is workers’ compensation. Most other lines of coverage are flat to up slightly 0% to 5%, with commercial auto up 7% to 10% As a result of losses over the past couple of years, there’s a lot of discussion that risk barriers want to increase rates, most pronounced in the London markets. But we’re hearing this in other markets as well, where there’s a lot of talk – while there’s a lot of talk and desire for higher rates, there’s still a lot of capital in the market. Therefore, we see some insurance companies tightening underwriting guidelines, but loss free accounts remain quite competitive. We’re pleased with our investments in technology, innovation and new programs and we’re starting to realize some of the initial returns that we expected. I’m on Slide 5. Let’s talk about the performance of our four segments. In Retail, we delivered solid organic growth of 3.6% in Q1, with most lines of business growing through new business activity and growth on renewals of existing customers. We’re pleased with the performance of all our new acquisitions in Q1. Hays positively impacted our margins and is performing in line with our expectations. Please remember, we expect higher revenues and margins in the first quarter due to the amount of employee benefits, combined with the new revenue recognition standard that went into effect last year, that’s relative to Hays. During the quarter, we completed six acquisitions and realized approximately $95 million of year-on-year revenue growth from acquisitions completed within the last 12 months. Our National Programs segment decreased 2.3% organically. This was primarily impacted by less flood claims processing revenue, as compared to the prior year. We also experienced some headwinds in our lender-placed business due to the continued improving economy and some bank consolidations that are impacting our customers. Commercial and personal automobile continues to challenge all of our carrier partners. We have several programs that are auto-focused. We’re watching our retention of existing business and new business closely. During the quarter, we realized good growth in our earthquake, all risk and wind programs just to name a few. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered organic revenue growth of 3.3%. This growth was impacted by renewal timing for a couple of larger accounts, where the accounts are renewing in Q2 and Q3 as opposed to Q1 and prior years. If those accounts have renewed in March like they did in 2018, our organic revenue growth would have been over 4.5%. Therefore, our organic growth will be slightly higher for wholesale in the second quarter. Our Services segment delivered organic revenue growth of 50 basis points for the quarter. As we mentioned during the year-end call, we expected lower claims in our social security advocacy business, resulting from the completion of advocacy work on a book of business in the prior year. Isolating this impact, the majority of businesses in the Services segment grew nicely. During the quarter, we completed an acquisition of a Medicare Set-Aside business that will be complementary to our existing NuQuest Medicare Set-Aside business. Overall, it’s a good quarter and we’re really pleased with our results. Let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, for a great report. As a diversified insurance broker, we have four distinct divisions that enable us to serve numerous customers across the United States and the world. There seems to be some excitement around possible rate changes. First, I’d like to reiterate, there’s a lot of capital out there chasing a finite number of risks, thus, we believe much of that rate pressure will be mitigated. There may be certain areas that see some more than others, but I’m saying as a broad statement that we mitigated. Second, we’re believers and supporters in the U.S. economy and want to see expand further. However, we’re always watching for signs of a potential slowdown and then how that might impact our business. Third, we try to present a clear picture of our business to everyone, analysts and shareholders. Our interests are aligned with long-term investors. We know there will be peaks and valleys, but we’re investing for the long-term. There are acquisitions we could do, but choose not to because of the price or lack or not a cultural fit. Culture, it’s an intangible thing that makes some companies great and others average. As we cross the 10,000 teammate threshold, we think about how we cultivate and drive our culture as we move towards our next intermediate goal of $4 billion in revenue. To get there, we need to hire or acquire or some combination of the above around 10,000 more teammates. It’s an – excuse me. It’s an exciting time at Brown & Brown, and we have a lot of momentum. We have great teammates dedicating serving our customers. The acquisition pipeline is good. And finally, we know a balanced approach to organic growth and margin expansion will deliver long-term value creation and Q1 was a good start to the year. With that, let me turn it back over to Kevin for the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Sure. All right. So, Michael, as you know, one, the margin is impacted by several things. One, the business is operating and more efficiently going forward, and that’s a result of really high-quality teammates; and two, the acquisitions that we make, and if some of those are as slightly lower margins and then they continue to prove as they’re part of our team. So do you think we’re at an inflection point? We believe that we are without something that we don’t see or know of today, that’s number one. Number two, there are lots of opportunities for us to invest in our business. I know we’ve talked about this in the past. The biggest and – area or one of the most important areas is just new people, whether we hire them from another firm, we hire them from another industry, we bring them in, second would be M&A and third would be return to shareholders. That first bucket, we think there’s going to continue to be lots of opportunity to hire high-quality people in the near to intermediate term, because there’s lots of disruption in the industry and there are some people out there that have worked for firms that maybe they aren’t pleased with the new firms they want to work with. That does not mean we’re going out trying to hire a bunch of people from other firms. What it means is, there will be some high-quality people who become available in the next 12, 24, 36 months and how we invest in those people may also have short-term impact on margins. But long-term, it’s increasing the capabilities of the team and positioning us well for the future. Yes.
Powell Brown: So relative to workers’ compensation, there just continues to be pressure. This is a broad comment, so I don’t think it’s so dramatic drastically different than it was in our last earnings call. So I’d say it’s similar, but you should need to be aware that as you’ve been in the business as long as I have, we’ve seen that line of business be a very difficult line and now it’s seemingly more of a attractive line, which I think is really interesting. Liability, in terms of – there are some carriers out there that are trying to figure out or they actually making money in liability, long tail liability, not just short tail liability. And so with that, I would tell you that it could be any account, whether be a manufacturer of a product or exposure like habitational, we have apartments or anything in between, so you could have premises or products exposure. Carriers are reevaluating that. That does not mean, we’re seeing a high rate pressure. It is very spotty on certain accounts. So you might say like what. Well, if you look at certain habitational accounts, particularly in things that might be HUD housing or things that are tougher classes of business, there may be continued rate pressure or changes in the terms and conditions or both. But we just mention it, because there are people talking about it. We’re not seeing rate increases sticking more broadly across the market as you might think based on the amount of chatter on it. That’s the important distinction.
Powell Brown: Okay. So as you know, if, in fact, you hear about and/or reinsurers are increasing pricing, that does not necessarily mean that, that price dollar for dollar or percentage for percentage will be pass-through by the primary carrier, that’s number one. So the price, which is born in the marketplace is set by the marketplace, it’s not set by individual insurance carriers. There can be some that actually write a lot of a class of business and if, in fact, they change, that may trigger a change in others. But – so I don’t want you to think that if you read about reinsurance rates going up x amount, that means that you should automatically assume that primary pricing is going to go up. That’s number one. Number two, as it relates to living in Florida, Mike, when I joined the team now 24 years ago, our concentration in Florida was, I think, it was 60% of our revenue. It was significantly different. So we do have a large retail presence here. We do wholesale business here. We do program business and services business here. Those areas that typically would be most impacted by, if you’re asking about potential rate changes would be property-driven accounts in Florida. So we write a lot of habitational and other property across the State of Florida. However, we’re continuing to hear a lot of talk about it, as I referenced in my call – our comments from London and domestic carriers, but we’re not seeing it stick all the time. So I would caution you about trying to draw direct parallel and saying, Brown & Brown’s business, which is now maybe all in 10% or 15% of our revenue overall versus maybe 40%, 50%, 60% when I started at Brown & Brown is so heavily dominated in Florida. So therefore, if there is a change, it’s going to impact their business dramatically. I would caution you about that, number one. Number two. As it relates to us versus other brokers, we can’t – I can’t comment about their books of business. Although we want to and do write a lot of business in coastal areas, Texas, the Gulf Coast, Florida up and down the East Coast, we run a lot of quake in California, Oregon and Washington. And so having said that, we’re starting to see some pressure – slight pressure in earthquake on some of the bigger limits. As you know, it’s been a long time since we’ve had an earthquake of any magnitude and it’s not a question of if, it’s a question of when. So like I said, we’re trying to be cautious and manage your expectations about what other carriers are saying or brokers about the marketplace, because we’re just not seeing it yet in terms of pricing sticking.
Powell Brown: Well, let me back up and say that, I think that we as an organization have continued to evolve as going from $1 billion to $2 billion, that means that we have additional capabilities to serve different segments of the marketplace. In some of those segments, the margin profile is a little different than what we were doing predominantly as a $1 billion company, that’s number one. Number two, we have made investments and will continue to make investments in things like technology, which will help us scale the business on, as Andy said earlier, we believe we’re at a technology spend that is good now, but we’re always evaluating that. And that technology spend, as you know, is not just the infrastructure, but security. And so as we continue to look at the business, we have to continue to think about things that maybe we didn’t think about as much when we were a $1 billion or $800 million company versus a $2.3 billion or $4 billion company on the way to $4 billion. So that’s a long answer to saying based upon what we know today, Greg, and without an unknown event or events that we do not see coming, i.e., like cybersecurity, we think that the margin profile, assuming we make acquisitions that are similar going forward in next five to 10 years, we think the margin profile is going to be very similar. So I think it is obviously speculation on our part, because we don’t know the opportunities that will be presented to us long-term. But as you know, we are focused on growing organically and growing our margins. So we can reinvest that money over time. So cash conversion is really important to us, so we can reinvest it in our team. So that’s a long answer to your question.
Powell Brown: …29 million and it’s kind of hovered in that 29 million person range right now. So having said that, we take the discussions very seriously. However, we believe that the financing of a Medicare for all would be, let’s call it, cost-prohibitive. And there’s probably a place for, we believe that there’s absolutely a place for private insurance. And in doing so, if there is something that is drafted, i.e., ACA again or ACA 2.0, then there is going to be further complexity in that, which creates more demand, excuse me, for someone to interpret those rules and regulations and then giving customers solutions to address their healthcare costs. So having said that, we number one, watches very carefully. Number two, we believe that it is a – it sounds good to some people, but the reality and the application and the impact across multiple industries, i.e., just a hospital, any hospital that you would go to and how they would be paid versus private insurance. It has a huge impact and you may have seen those articles, there was one in the New York Times this weekend. There’s also a lot of discussion around Medicaid and – Medicare and social security and funding, i.e., there was an article in The Wall Street Journal this morning on that. And then how does that currently evolve and what will we as a country need to do in the next 10 to 15 years to address potential funding shortfalls. So long answer to the question. It grabs headlines and there’s going to be a lot of discussion about it in the next year-and-a-half. And we’re going to hear a great deal of it right here in Florida, because we have a battleground state here. We believe there is some different solution if a D was elected or potentially if an R was elected or reelected.
Powell Brown: Sure. What I was trying to address, Greg, or what we’re trying to address is, remember, we have a couple of programs that are auto-focused. And that we have our – we have one market. We write on behalf of the market. And if, in fact, that market appetite changes or tightens dramatically, that could impact the revenue of that program. I was specifically, not exclusively, but I was specifically thinking about programs when I made that comment. Although we do wholesale some of that business and we also have some of that business in our retail. That comment was directed primarily at programs and several of our large auto-related program businesses.
Powell Brown: Well, we always have ongoing discussions around performance of the book and particular geographic areas and states and all that. And there’s nothing that we’re aware of right now that is a dramatic change. That’s not what I’m trying to signal. But all I’m saying is, if, in fact, you believe some of the things that people write about companies, there’s a discussion about reserves being underfunded. If, in fact, those reserves are partially attributed to auto books, then insurance companies might – somebody might come to you and say, "Hey, this is impacting our entire book. This is what we want to do.” We’re not aware of that right now. All I’m saying is, it is – I’m trying to say that it is possible that there could be some things that carriers do that we’re not aware of that would impact our auto book and specifically in service – in programs.
Powell Brown: Perfect. Yes. So when we talk about the 20%, that is a free cash flow conversion as a percentage of total revenues, okay? And then the ASR based upon kind of where we are at this stage, it will settle out here in the second quarter.
Powell Brown: I think, Mark, it depends. What I would say is, there is a lot of interest in underwriting MGA, MGUs out there. So there’s not as many acquisition targets with size, however you want to define that than there are in retail. So you have a more limited scope or space, number one. Number two, there are certain firms that are more interested in that business than other types of business, not just us. And so it depends on how the market evolves and the – thus, the profitability on the programs that we have in terms of the organic growth on those programs. We’ll just think about that. And then you have the idea of supplementing organic growth with limited or I wouldn’t say limited, but a smaller pool of acquisitions if that culturally make sense financially. But we’re very interested in the space and we absolutely want to invest in it with the right firm. So we’re always looking for it.
Powell Brown: Well, Josh, it’s Powell. As you know, we believe we have an ownership culture already. And we do some of that already for our teammates. So there are ways for people to buy stock at a discount, invest in the stock if they sort of choose through the 401(k) and get equity grants based upon growing their books of business or running large businesses and the company overall performing well. So it’s something that we constantly and consistently think about to drive a desired behavior. But at the present time, it’s not as though we think there’s going to be some dramatic shift in our rewards program a year or three years from now. We believe that it’s going to kind of grow in line with what we’re doing. There might be some things that we haven’t thought of or would be new that we would think about how we use non-cash stock comp, but at the present time, no.
Powell Brown: That’s an interesting question. I think the answer would be directly related to how those 10,000 new teammates are onboarded. So if we hire them in groups and bring them into individual offices and train them up and launch them in their careers, we do that all the time. If we do an inordinately high amount of that in acquisitions, we do acquisitions all the time, too. But right now, I don’t think so based upon how we’ve done the last $1 billion. But I’ll be able to tell you better when we get there.
Powell Brown: Yes. You hear a lot in our commentary about specifically on M&A that culture is one of the most important things that we focus upon. And so if we continue with our disciplined approach and making sure that those organizations that come join our team match on culture, it will make it much easier to sustain that process.
Powell Brown: They have a lot of strong capabilities in the middle and large employee benefits space. So I would say that 500 lives and up and that is already occurring right now.
Powell Brown: They have done an exceptional job of bringing high-quality talented people onboard. Some of those people were investments just like we make investments in people early in their careers, where there was not a margin. It was in a – more of an expense as opposed to a revenue positive and a margin positive. Those people will continue to add to a positive margin over time. We believe that there will be some upward increase in their margins. Remember, we’ve said that Hays because of the way their business is structured is not going to be margin profile of middle market, but it will be somewhere slightly less, that’s what we said periodically.
Powell Brown: Here we go. All right. Thank you all very much, and have a wonderful day. We’ll look forward to talking to you next time. Good day.
Andrew Watts: Good morning, Michael. It’s Andy here. I would add a couple of things. I’ll just remind you from our comments at year-end. I think the inflection point is spot on. That is pre the impact of Hays this year, because we said that Hays would have a negative impact on margins this year, so keep that in mind. And then the other piece we had talked about was the $8 million one-time adjustment that we recorded in the third quarter of last year in National Programs. And so those are kind of the two big items out there. And then, we’ve talked about the fact that we’re at full investment on where we’ve been with the technology, et cetera. So a lot of those headwinds are behind us and will slowly start to recognize benefits from those over the coming quarters.
Andrew Watts: Hi, Good morning, Mike. Yes, 25% to 27% is probably a good range on it for the company. I think barring what happens down at the state level and if there’s any modifications in their approach. But with our overall footprint today, it probably wouldn’t move significantly that’s out there.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Hey, Greg. A couple of other things just to keep in mind when you look back over time, keep in perspective what’s happened with contingent commissions. As those move up and down sort of the margins in the organization and we’ve been on a downward trend over the past number of years just due to profitability on the carrier side, that’s part of a cycle that’s out there. We’ve – we said publicly that we believe low-30s to mid-30, that’s a really good range for our business. And if you look back over the last 10 years, we’ve been able to double the business and still stay north of 30%, that’s really good. But to Powell’s point, cash conversion is what we think matters at the end of the day, because you can’t count anything else other than cash. And the fact that we run north of 20%. We generally average somewhere around $0.23 of every dollar’s free cash flow, that’s twice the average of the industry. We’ve been able to do that for a really, really long time that’s what drive our free cash flow yield.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Hi, good morning, Elyse. It’s Andy here. Yes, I think the comment is still relevant to what we made at year-end. But with the first quarter coming in stronger than what we anticipated, that gap between Q1 and Q2 will not be as large as what we originally anticipated, okay? So just probably as you think about…
Andrew Watts: …and so just probably up slightly from where we thought it would have been a little bit bigger gap before. But yes, still a little bit over the average or whatever average you’re estimating for the year.
Andrew Watts: Yes, Elyse, we had estimated that the full-year would be $0.02 to $0.03 of contribution. And yes, we were a $0.02 higher this quarter. We had already given a projection that we said the second quarter would probably be down $0.01. We still think that’s probably a good range. And then Q3 and Q4 were basically flat on earnings per share. It might be on the round. Now it may actually make a $0.01. We still think $0.02 to $0.03 is good. I mean, it’s a first quarter out. We just don’t think we’re in a position where we would change a full-year outlook at this stage just because we’ve got phasing of the 606 inside that we like to see a couple of quarters under our belt to give us a better view.
Andrew Watts: Yes, your math would be correct on that in the back-end of the year. So a couple of things that we made comments about is, we definitely had true-ups in the first quarter for contingents. And as a reminder, what we have to do on contingent commissions is, we’re projecting what we believe that we’re going to earn in the coming year that we’re going to collect in the following year. So we have to make our best estimate on those. So we’re almost always going to have some sort of adjustment primarily in the first quarter at least as we just get the final cash settlements, and so we saw those that came through. Then as we look into the back-end of the year in our commentary was primarily around National Programs. We definitely know there are some that we will not qualify for. We’ve already been told by the carriers and, again, we’re going to have a fair amount of that will be offset by growth in retail. But that’s a pretty good view based upon everything we know today.
Andrew Watts: Hey, good morning, Mark. Is – the guidance we’ve given at year-end, as we said, somewhere in the range of $66 million to $68 million. Based upon kind of current debt outstanding and presuming that interest rates don’t do anything unusual. We still think that’s a pretty good range. So while we issued the 10-year bonds in March, it wouldn’t have a material movement on our full-year interest expense. And then, I guess, subject to, if we need to get more acquisition activity in any borrowings, but good for right now.
Andrew Watts: Good morning, Josh. Yes, those would be the two main items inside of there. I mean, if you look at our net income or our pre-tax income, it generally runs in the range of about a 23% to 24%. And so that’s kind of – we’ve got the fully loaded. That’s just kind of a metric that we look at all the time as an organization. And then it depends upon the nature of the transactions that we do and the amount of valuation attributed to amortizable intangibles. But you can get a pretty good runoffs over time.
Andrew Watts: Nope, I don’t think so. I’m just kind of thinking through your question here. There’s no – not a – should not be a significant amount. I think the one piece to keep in mind is the non-cash stock compensation. That’s probably the one bigger item that’s out there.
Andrew Watts: No. Good morning, Meyer, it’s Andy here. Is – most of the costs were born during the first quarter. The movement around would not have a material impact on the margins.
Andrew Watts: No and no real unusual one-time items. I think, our comments was a relatively quiet quarter. So I guess, that’s always a good thing compared to our previous quarters, where we’ve had a number of items that we walk through. But no, it’s just it really comes down to leveraging our expense base with the revenue growth. It seems some of the margin expansion associated with the previous investments and again, those will be just slight as we continue to move forward over time. Then there’s – this is a piece that’s may be hard to fully get your arms around. There’s also business mix inside of the organization. So not all businesses are the same profitability, so depending upon how they move back and forth does have a – have an impact on us. So again, it was – overall, it was a good quarter, but that – the growth that we had there still offset the non-cash stock comp. So it was a really good quarter for us. We’re pleased.
