Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy for a great report. Through 10 months, we've seen 6.4 million acres burn in California, Oregon, Washington and Colorado with 4.3 million of those acres in California alone. There have been 27 tropical storms and 10 hurricanes with five of these hurricanes hitting the Gulf Coast region and one may hit this week. Rates are also increasing in most instances and interest rates are at historic lows. All of this is in addition to COVID-19 and the related choppy economic environment. We have customers laying off large numbers of employees and others are the busiest they've ever been. Even under these extraordinary circumstances, our diversified businesses performed very well. For the first nine months, we grew our business 3.5% organically, delivered improving EBITDAC margins of 32.4%, adjusted EPS was up 21.4%. Overall, we'd say our performance and financial results have been strong. With rates continuing to rise, you'll see new capital coming to the marketplace opportunistically. This will be in certain lines of coverage, but not universally across the board. In addition, very few senior leaders at insurance companies will discuss if rates are exceeding loss costs. When that happens, they usually point to rates moderating or flattening. We're not sure if we've reached at this point yet. The acquisition space continues to be hot. There's a lot of competition between private equity and long-term strategics. We don't see this competition slowing down anytime soon. Our ability to continue investing in our business was further bolstered by our recent bond offering. Quite honestly, I didn't think our cost of borrowing for 10-year money would ever be 2.375%. Our pipeline is good, but as you know, we don't count anything till it's signed. Finally, we continue to drive our technology agenda across the company through digitization, data and automation and prioritize technology investments around the following. One, continually optimizing and enhancing our data and analytics program. Two, expanding our digital delivery capabilities around products and services. And three, engaging an initiatives designed to drive greater efficiency and velocity through our underlying processes. We are constantly thinking about how we can serve our customers better and faster. In closing, we thought it was a really good quarter. With that, let me turn it back over to Kevin to open it up for the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Okay. So number one, let's talk about -- historically, Greg, as you know, we've talked about the impact of rates were somewhere between 25% and 33% and the overall impact in exposure units was a bigger impact on our business. We're going back over a 20-year period when I say that, that's number one. Number two, we -- our new business is good, but it is not as pre-pandemic levels. So I would acknowledge that. But I do believe it's a combination of all of the above. And so, I'm very pleased with growth in new business in a number of our offices. One, some places in the country are seeing more rate impact than others, i.e. coastal areas. Our retention levels are up and even if that's slightly incremental improvement there that helped. So I think it's a combination of all of the above. Number one. The second question, we've been very, very pleased with the Hays team in joining Brown & Brown and their performance, as well as the rest of our team continues to be really good. So we're very, very pleased with that acquisition and lots of good things going on there.
Powell Brown: Okay. So as it relates to higher variable expenses next year, we do believe that there is kind of a slow, steady increase as people start to travel again and entertain visitors and things like that. And we can't tell you when that's going to happen. But yes, we do believe that that will work its way into our results next year; number one. Number two, we don't speculate on the outcome of the elections. And as you know, the important thing really is -- will be the decision if the House and the Senate are in the same party or if they're in different parties, and how things will get through Congress. So I would tell you that we like you are waiting with great interest and have considered a lot of scenarios regarding who ends and what that potential impact could be to Brown & Brown. But I think that we are positioned well to continue to invest and grow the business, regardless of the ultimate outcome of next Tuesday.
Powell Brown: Yes. No, we haven't seen that. I would tell you that in the second quarter there were lots of claims filed in anticipation or potential coverage around BI claims on pandemic, but I would not say that there was some huge jump between Q2 and Q3, no.
Powell Brown: Yes. All right. So let's think about it at a high level and where we have, what you might call small business. Small business, let's just for sake of this discussion make it simple, at premiums under, let's say, $30,000 a year. So you have that in commercial. I mean you have that commercial exposure in retail. You have a lot of that in Binding Authority in wholesale, and we have a lot of that in National Programs; so that's number one. Number two, in addition, you have some personal lines business, which is being impacted, as we said because of either fires or windstorm in coastal areas. So yes, we are seeing continued pressure on the small businesses, because, as -- when you go home, of you live outside a major city and you go by a shopping center and there is a place that you use to go and have dinner, and they're sort of open, and they're operating at 50% and as there are people sitting outside, that exposure basis is down substantially. And in some instances, they are not making it. And if you do it in a major city, you see a lot of places that have gone out of business and that has impacted us already and will continue to impact us. And so that is the area at least so far, Meyer, that we would say is -- we're seeing the most impact. I think that we saw it early, we saw it often, we continue to see it. And there were more medium and larger size businesses as they were financially stable, they were making tough choices, but to protect the business. In some instances, the smaller business didn't have those financial resources to do that. So yes, we are seeing that in our business.
Powell Brown: Yes, good morning, Elyse. I think you could think of it that way. I think, the challenge -- sorry, the challenge on this is -- I know you want a certainty, and there is no one that you will talk to that will be able to give you certainty around what's going to happen in Q4 and Q1 and Q2 of next year. And so, so much of this is, I believe, impacted on -- impacted by what happens with the virus and do we have some limited shutdowns in Q4 as it continues to spike, does that not happen, what happens with the virus and therefore how does that impact the business. If you looked at it on a trajectory standpoint, you would think that, yes, it is improving. And we don't run our business on hope and a prayer. And so we don't know -- I know you want that, but we don't know if that's going to be the case. And what we've always said is, we believe our business is a low to mid-single digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. We are not in a steady state economy, we have unique factors that are positively impacting it, i.e. rates going up. We have unique factors, i.e. Corona virus and other things that are impacting businesses, where you have businesses going out of business or reducing exposures dramatically. So let me give you an example, Elyse. If you talk to a number of our construction customers, the number of our construction customers, all over the country, what you would hear over the last quarter and today is, they have very good workflow or a pipeline of work for the next six to nine months. But at the end of nine months, there is more uncertainty out there, not because they don't have the capacity to do it, it's just people are not, in most instances, bidding as much work right now that far out. Now, in certain places, we're seeing that pickup. Here in Florida, a lot of people are moving to Florida. So you've got people bidding in contracts all over the place. So I wish I could -- we could answer that and give you some level of comfort, but we can't. I would tell you that we're very pleased with the way we executed this quarter. And our three big divisions all delivered. And so we're really pleased with it.
Powell Brown: No, probably, I won't jump to that conclusion. I think it really gets to what ultimately happens on the renewal business underneath, Elyse. So recall back in Q1 and also in Q2. We took adjustments for revenue that we had recognized previously. And that's too therefore bring that down to what we think is appropriate for the change in the exposure units. What happens at renewal will be the question. So, did we get the exposure units, correct? Don't know. We'll find out as we get to what renewals in the audits that are out there. If companies aren't feeling positive they may drop exposure units further, don't know. Again, if this is type of things, we're going to watch and see how they play out in the fourth quarter and then in the first quarter. The other thing, Elyse, you got to know that as rates are going up and exposures are potentially going down in instances, there are a number of customers, who are buying different limits or dropping certain coverages because of cost. So let's just say that, it was a lease manufacturing and you did have $40 million umbrella last year and we came to see you [indiscernible] and you bought a $25 million umbrella and you're paying actually more for the $25 million than you did last year for the $40 million. So you're having people make adjustments in certain areas in excess is a very good example, where they're basically say, I can't pay you more or in certain class of business, where they basically just say, I can't do it, we cannot pay the premium for that level of -- for that coverage and they decide to go bear on something. So we are starting to see that too. So let's not lose sight of that.
Powell Brown: Sure. So to repeat the question for everybody. The question really is, can you provide a little more color on the rate environment? And do you think there could be moderation next year or will you see extreme examples, like the umbrella example that I gave where you have half the limit for the same price? So let's go back to something that we said in the script, which was, we believe there's going to be certain opportunistic capital that will come into the marketplace. Where do you think we will see that, you might ask. And we believe we'll see that in lines of business that can be quickly or easily accessed, particularly short tail business like CAT property, but it could also be on claims made business and professional liability, it could be in reinsurance, it could be in a number of different areas, but not going to impact, let's say. automobile or it's not going to impact a traditional general liability account in the middle of the United States, I believe, manufacturing of the product or whatever the case maybe. That's number one. Number two. Mike, we said that insurance companies senior leaders are going to be very careful, although there have been one or two that have missed it. But about how their rate increases are tracking towards low cost increases and do we see something that would moderate. So I don't -- the industry would say that, for example, casualty has not made money for a number of years. And I believe that to be the case. I believe that to be GL, auto, a lot of these things, but then the reality is, can you have a 10% increase on top of a 10% increase on top of a 10% increase. Let's say three years in a row. And I tend to think the answer to that is, it becomes more difficult. And when I say that, there is a tolerance level that the customer base can actually stomach and/or then they start to take units off the road they start doing things that mitigate costs wherever they can. So when I talk about -- when we talk about an umbrella that you get half the limit for the same price or more, those are typically on very large accounts, but not exclusively. So umbrella business is very much impacted, but somebody could drop their umbrella. But again, if you've got rates that are up 3% to 7% and admitted market and auto up maybe 10% or more, that may chug along, but in some of those areas that you're seeing 15%, 20%, 25% increases, I don't think they're going to be going up as much next year. So CAT property, there's going to be a point where other markets are going to say the returns are high enough to where we want to pile in. And so there will be a moderating of that at some point and I don't know exactly when that's going to happen. But it's going to happen. And so it creates all kinds of challenges to place the business. It also creates all kinds of opportunities, when people are very frustrated with their broker that may not be doing the best job for them and we can come in and help -- hopefully save the day.
Powell Brown: Yes. I think, first of all, we're not going to speculate on if that happens or if it doesn't happen. So we don't know. But if in fact it were to happen, I think you would have a slightly positive impact, because -- but there is going to be a point regardless of if it's now or in the future where the stimulus will stop. And so, there will be a reckoning there at some point. And so, having said that, the businesses that are kind of right on the line might get another three months, let's say. And some of those might fall under that small business category that we talked about earlier. And then the question is, does the economy pickup enough in that period, so they can make it. Not yet to be determined, but we typically think about it, Mike, not so much about the quarter impact, what we think about ultimately the fact that that's going to have to stop. And so there is still a day of reckoning there. And there's going to be some fallout, I think, in some industries, absolutely in consolidation.
Powell Brown: Sure. Good morning, Yaron. I would tell you, number one, there's just a lot of activity. That's first and foremost. And I think we said in the last call if you'd asked me -- if you'd asked Andy and myself in April, what do you think is going to happen in M&A, and we really thought about it. We thought there was a potential likelihood that it is sort of stopped for six months. And it really sort of stopped for six weeks or eight weeks and then it started picking back up again. So you have generally a lot of activity. That's number one. Number two. In the last six weeks there has been an increased interest in the possibility of doing things between now and end of the year with the potential that there would be President and or Congress that would be in a position to increase cap gains taxes, which means they would want to take some chips off the table and the lower tax structure, tax rate this year. So I think you're going to see two things happen between now and the end of the year potentially as a result of that. But really if they're not in the pipe now, if somebody raised their hand last week, unless you've got everything working perfectly, it takes a while. And so it may or may not be able to get done by then. So, I would also tell you just as a broad statement, if you tell -- if you could look at our numbers and you know that we are having some reduction in variable expenses, well, other agencies are having a reduction in variable expenses. And what we want to make sure that we do is we want to buy businesses based on ongoing concern basis, what does that look like and that's hard to anticipate. So the key is getting your arms around the revenue streams and expense levels on an ongoing basis in the business. And a lot of that is just talking with the people in that process, figuring out culturally is there a fit. And then financially, is there some way to structure something that's a win-win. We feel really good about the opportunities that are out there. As we said in the past, although it's very competitive, the interesting thing is, there are distinctions unknown. not only PE buyers but among strategics. And that does not mean one is the -- only good or is better necessarily than the other, they are different. And so, usually those things are sorted out in that bidding process. So let's just say the pricing is, you could throw a blanket over the pricing that three or four firms put up. It ultimately comes down to their cultural fit. And I tell people that we know are meeting the process. And then it may not be with Brown & Brown. But we always say pick the firm you feel the most comfortable with culturally and then go get in the core and figure out how to cut a deal with them, because if you do a deal with a firm that just gives you the highest number, many times that may be PE. That seller is not going to be there most of the time in three years, because they'll be frustrated because culturally, it might be different than what they did, but they went for the dollars only. So it's just a difference of philosophy.
Powell Brown: Sure. The question really is, are there any changes other than cap gains tax that we're thinking through for this election. And so, the short answer is, sure. So let's think about that for just a moment. One of the things I talked a lot about is the evolution of healthcare in the United States. And so, we have a large healthcare business and I'm talking specifically about the providing of health insurance. I'm not talking about the ancillary line, talking about the health insurance. And is there some variation of Obama Care or ACA that is modified going forward. That's a possibility. How does that impact. Number two, CAT gains and/or things like carried interest. And if in fact that's eliminated, and what would that potentially do to PE buyers. And so there's a number of things. There is speculation around security taxes going from a limit to an unlimited number. There is a whole bunch of things that we talked about and evaluated, you think about the impact of Federal and State taxes and the interplay between those. Some of you that live in states like California or New York or New Jersey or Connecticut are going to get the opportunity to fund more of the deficits in the states that you live in, which is going to create a departure of more people coming to places like Florida and Texas and other states that don't have income tax. And so, how is that all going to work. And so it's going to be really interesting in the next, let's say, couple of years to see that kind of evolution/migration to places more amenable tax structure states.
Powell Brown: Mark, what you said, was your question on [indiscernible]. Yes, so the write-off there was around about $3 million.
Powell Brown: No, it will go back up next year, probably a better view when you think about 2021 is actually look at 2019 on the facing by the quarters.
Powell Brown: No, it -- Yes. It won't be that much lower. Again, look at 2019, that will be a much better barometer. The reason why this year was lower was the vesting of the restricted stock that we had Mark. And we won't see that same level in 2021.
Powell Brown: It will probably start to moderate out next year. So it's -- as you know, we've been making investments in technology back starting in 2016. A lot of that we funded at the corporate level. And then as those programs have matured out, we've been charging them out to the segments over time.
Powell Brown: No, we don't really have a view on those Mark. Again, as you probably recall with the new accounting rules. We are accruing for those throughout the year based upon the placement of the policies. So we don't really have a view on cash collection until we get into next year.
Powell Brown: Okay. So, Phil, I think that was pretty clear. I think people could understand the [ph] question. So I'm not going to repeat that. You got to remember, ours is not a centralized program and I know that there are some firms out there that are saying, we're expecting X amount of expense savings and we think some of it's going to be permanent, some of this is going to be temporary until. And the answer is, remember, we built everything into individual businesses. So if you are at Atlanta, your whole -- all of your expenses are in Atlanta. If you are in Texas, you got all of your centers that you run in Texas, and depending on the office and the businesses that they service, that's going to dictate the P&E and other variable expenses that are incurred in that office. So let's just say the Atlanta office for sake of this discussion, right? The number of customers that are all over the country and they have a high number of customers in Arizona, California, Oregon and Washington. In whatever flat of business that is. And so there are people were on airplanes all the time. Well that's stopped. So the expenses that will be saved in Atlanta might be dramatically different than if you are in, let's say, Fort Myers, Florida and the vast majority of your customers are within 60 miles driving, and they can still go and drive and see those customers. So, no, there is not some magic wand or thing relative to the variable expenses in Q3 over Q2. We would just tell you, I think it's a function more of retention, new business and rate increases.
Powell Brown: No, because remember profit sharing or contingency is based on the results that we have. And so insurance is based on law of large numbers, and so you could have rate going up. But you could have a freak accident where there is truck that you ensure that hit someone and kills somebody, totally unanticipated, and you have a limit loss. So remember, conceptually I think your thought is correct. In actuality, it's very much based upon the performance of our book of business. And so I don't want you to confuse the overall results of the insurance company with the result of, let's say, the Brown & Brown business inside there.
Powell Brown: Sure. So the question is, the outlook for lender placed business. I think that, number one, as you know, we made an investment in a business Loan Protector which is additive to Procter and they're both complementary. So that's the first thing. The second thing is the business that we are writing, some of it is what you'd call expansion of existing accounts, where they're having more things forced on to programs, but I would tell you, it's more us writing new business. And that's very important. So if you go back to 2009 and 2010 and 2011, the increase was an existing financial institution, that their portfolio is expanding as opposed to us getting more companies with different portfolios. Isn't that how you say that, Andy. Yes. So I think that, that's a positive thing for us. And with the investments that we've made. There are lot -- I shouldn't say lot, handful or two handfuls of traditional middle-market lender placed firms and there are like one or two like really big 800 pound gorillas. And with our investments, not only in the capabilities and the technology, but the size and the portfolios that we handle now, we're able to better compete against all sizes, including those large ones. So we got a lot of cool stuff going on there. And Mike Cox and his team is doing a great job. So yes, we like the business.
Powell Brown: Yes. We -- this in the third quarter so -- and right on the phone, the question was around the revenue from the fourth quarter into the third quarter. We'll just call out, we had around about 100 basis points of benefit to the organic in the third quarter, which was really -- that we had anticipated would close in the fourth quarter or originally we had anticipated would renew in the fourth quarter. So that's just a movement between the quarters.
Powell Brown: Thank you. Okay, thank you all very much for your time. We hope you have a wonderful quarter, and we look forward to talking to you in January. Have a great day. Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Greg, I'll just add to that, just as you're thinking about rate next year, barring anything that happens through all of the elections, we would expect our effective tax rate would go up a little bit next year. Remember, we got the tax benefit in the third quarter of this year, which drove our effective down to 15.5%. We wouldn't see that same level of benefit next year. So it will go up a little bit, okay.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Elyse, in our commentary, we said there could be ups and downs. We expect that's going to happen over the coming quarters. So it's not going to be that the fourth quarter will guarantee it's going to look more the third quarter. It could be up, it could be down, Q1 to be up, Q1 could be down. We just think it's going to be a little bit bumpy as we work our way through this economy right now.
Andrew Watts: Okay. We're going to repeat the questions were here. It's hard for some people on the line to hear the questions being asked. The question was about what was the size of the deferred comp adjustment? So for this quarter, the market impact was around $4 million between salaries and benefits, as well as other operating expenses. On a year-to-date basis, the adjustment is actually getting fairly small. It's kind of how those general work out through the year.
Andrew Watts: We would always evaluate that. But probably the economics right now would not makes sense to do that at this stage, Mike, just because of that and everything.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Phil, I don't jump to the conclusion, just because the margin was up more in the third quarter versus the second quarter, that we were able to take out more variable expenses. In our prepared commentary, what we were trying to make sure we conveyed is, it was a balancing of the increased organic, as well as managing the expenses. But as we also mentioned, we are anticipating and we are starting to see variable expenses are slowly starting to go up as we are able to engage more with customers and we would anticipate that, that will continue on in the back end of the year and into 2021.
Andrew Watts: Yes, Mike, we'd want you guys to read into our commentary that we're seeing an uptick in our closure in lender place foreclosures that's out there, that is not what we're seeing. This is just purely on new business or who they were picking up. Very important thing.
