Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, great report. In closing, we’re really pleased with the performance for the first quarter, driven by the efforts of all of our teammates across the Company. I’d like to make several broad comments about the Company in conclusion. We are a sales and service organization, which is going through a digital transformation. We continue to evaluate emerging technologies and innovative companies that can help us improve the customer and teammate experience. Not unlike the cyclical nature of organic growth, our spend may vary by quarter. It’s an exciting process, but a bit daunting at the same time. We’re optimistic about our investment in teammates; those as well may vary by quarter. With all the capital out there today, it is presenting new challenges for our carrier partners. We’re well-positioned to continue to work closely with them to develop additional solutions for our customers. Our Company, as you know, is defined by our culture and our teammates. We’re proud of what we’ve built. Our culture defines us as a company. We’ve not done as many acquisitions over the past three years as our historical averages. However, I’m pleased with the $9.5 million we’ve done year-to-date, but we’d like to do more that fit our culture and make sense financially. I’m confident there will be plenty of opportunities to invest in our business in the future. Apparently, many people out there think of us as a retail broker only. That could not be further from the truth. Retail represents, as you know, just over 50% of our total revenues. We’re diversified insurance broker. It’s this diversity that reduces the volatility in our results and increases stability and consistency. National Programs represents 26% of our revenue. This is where we’ve been granted delegated underwriting authority to assume risk on behalf of our carrier partners within a defined box. Several examples of programs would include earthquake, wind in coastal communities, professional liability on dentists, et cetera. Wholesale represents 15% of our revenues. In this business, we sell property, casualty and professional liability that standard markets don’t want or cannot price as competitively. Examples include a coastal frame apartment complex with $25 million of total insured values, the liability on underwater demolition contractor or the directors and officers liability on a small struggling technology company. Our services segment represents 9% of our company. In this segment, we have businesses that include third-party claims administration for workers’ compensation and all lines liability and claims adjusting businesses that support our programs. It’s this combination of our four segments and the underlying businesses that provide stability and consistency in the delivery of our financial results each quarter and each year. With that, let me turn it back over to Debbie for the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Okay. So, couple of comments, Elyse. Number one, as you know, last year in retail, our stated organic growth by quarter was 4% in Q1 of which we called out 1% on timing; it was 1.1% in Q2; it was 2.5% in Q3; and it was 4% in Q4. So, that’s 2.9% for the year. So, as we said, although we are measured every 90 days by an earnings call, we don’t look at the performance of the business in a vacuum of 90 days. We’re looking at the progress that we’re making year-over-year and so forth, number one. Number two, no that would be -- you could from an outside standpoint potentially draw that conclusion about a sales incentive, but that sales incentive is ongoing, it’s not one-time in nature. So, based upon all of the analysis that we’ve done so far, we don’t see anything that indicates something where somebody tried to pull something forward or anything. Number three, remember, I look at it and say it was 3% organic growth in 2017 Q1 and it was 2% this time. We do not break out the performance specifically of employee benefits versus commercial lines. We are commenting on a broad case. Once again, it is the overall business performance. It was 2%. And like I said, it was compared to 3% last year, and we grew 2.1% or really stated 1.1% in Q2 of last year. So, we think we have good opportunities for growth in both our employee benefits businesses and our P&C business forward.
Powell Brown: No, the answer, which is the same answer four years ago is the inventory and pipeline is good. And I don’t believe anything till it’s closed. I’m just trying to make sure that people understand that we are very conscious of our capital allocation commitments and look for a balanced approach. And we’re always looking. And sometimes there are opportunities for us to close. And sometimes there’s not as many. But, at the end of the day, we think inventory overall is good. And I’m not trying to signal one thing versus the other. I’m basically trying to say, I believe that we’re consistent in our activity. We sometimes close more than others. It’s all about cultural fit and making sense financially.
Powell Brown: Correct. That is why I wanted to make sure you -- we’re clear on where that was, just make sure it’s in national programs. 
Powell Brown: And so, remember let’s back up for just a second. The 5.7% organic growth that we enjoyed in Q1 is one quarter. And we have said historically that we have -- we believe the business is a mid to low single-digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. So, yes, we have some drags on margin because of investment in programs i.e. core commercial and some other things. But just because -- I thought you were trending towards national programs, just because national programs grew 12 plus percent in Q1, doesn’t mean they are going to grow 12 plus percent next quarter.
Powell Brown: Well, remember, we said -- when Andy says the technology investment is going to be flat, there is still -- we’re going to still make the investments. So, it’s not exceeding; it’s the same amount.
Powell Brown: One, it’s from new business, so Kai, just so you know. And the program that we listed across the board, in addition to a lot of our other programs but all of them are having success in writing new business and retaining a good amount of the renewal business. Having said that, we talked about earlier the amount of other capital in the marketplace. And when we have the underwriting authority on behalf of one carrier, we’re assuming risk for them. And so, we have to be mindful of new entrants into any market at any given time which could impact the growth trajectory of that individual program. So, it’s hard for us to tell, because it is always kind of in state of flux. Some markets are pulling out, some markets are coming in, and actually, other capital is coming in looking for returns and what we referred to as uncorrelated asset classes. So, hard to estimate. I mean, I wish I could give you a more specific. But, just remember, the program business is a wonderful business and we’re very excited about it and are looking to invest in it, just like all four of our businesses. And there are other entrants that can come in on a quarterly or a yearly basis; they can peck away a little bit at your business. And so, you got adjust and modify throughout the year, but it’s very hard to give you an estimate that we’re going to grow x percent next quarter. We like the trajectory. We’re very pleased. 
Powell Brown: Well, we haven’t seen any indication of a change in the way others view acquisitions yet. So, it’d be purely speculation on our part. At this point, we haven’t seen any slowdown in interest from other firms. And many times what you have is you have a group of strategics and or small handful of strategics and maybe a couple of firms that are all maybe in the general range, financially. And then, if you have one new PE firm, they do something way outside the box sometimes. So that’s not uncommon Kai, as we’ve talked about before. And so, will interest rate impact that? Logically, it makes sense, if you have a lot of variable debt, but we haven’t seen that yet.
Powell Brown: Yes. The answer is, through some of the technology, we’re having better visibility into our businesses, which enable us to act upon that in soliciting business. So, yes, I can think of individual instances where it’s helped us get business. So, having said that, are you going to say well, we implemented this program, so therefore we are going to grow X percent? No, that’s not. But I know anecdotally of instances where we have written business because of our new technology and investments in technology.
Powell Brown: No, Mark, we can’t characterize. We want that -- I don’t want to give you the impression that we’re looking to invest there over the others. Coincidently, we’re looking to invest in all four of our segments. And over time, we get to see a lot of unique opportunities with the diversity of our business. That said, the retail space is the biggest space out there. So, just in sheer numbers, we’re going to see, as you know, more retail business in a year than probably anything else. But, we also get to see a good flow of program business as well. And as you know, people sell for different reason at different times. We’re always cultivating opportunities. The one thing that is really good, one of the many things that’s really good is we are known in the industry as having one, good leadership; two, exceptional relationships with our carrier partners; three, good technology and attitude of getting stuff done, and great distribution. So, you roll all those up, and that can be appealing to a partner, if they want to join us.
Powell Brown: Well, hold on a minute. Once again, that’s a very logical outlay of thought. And having said that, I want to make sure that we go back to my comments about investments in technology and investments in people, which is by the way the most important thing, can vary by quarter and by two quarters or three quarters. So, if we operated in a vacuum, I think that may be a fair statement. But, we don’t operate in a vacuum. So, remember, that would be assuming that we didn’t think that there were investment opportunities where we might have a little pull down because of X or Y or we have a technology spend that we end up doing in the latter half of the year that would have been in Q1 and Q2 of next year. So, I would caution you on saying that, not because we go into saying margins are going to be down, quite the contrary. We don’t think so. We are actually excited about the profile going forward. But, I want you to understand that we are investing in our business for the long term and there is opportunity there. And we’re going to see that when we think it’s the right opportunity for our company.
Powell Brown: I don’t think that you should make that assumption. I think number one, I believe Josh that we are held to a double standard. And let’s talk about the double standard. We have the industry-leading margins in the industry. We have the industry leading cash conversion and free cash generated by the business and yet we are criticized. And by the way, that’s fine. We’re okay with that. We’re big boys and girls. We’re criticized for having a slightly slower organic growth rate in retail, which is 50% to 52% of our revenue. So that’s fine. We’re really looking at something [indiscernible]. But, when our margin is 2x of somebody else’s, and then my comment is, we’re trying to do it and what’s best for the Company, long term. And so, remember, I have said historically and I will in the future, we started as a retail business. And many of you have heard me say that I think that there will be lots of opportunities for us to grow in all of our segments. But over time that our retail business might be historically in a 60% to 70% of our total revenue, maybe -- and it might be different than that. But, let’s just say it’s in that range. That doesn’t mean we still don’t have a diversified business. And at the end of the day, Andy and I and the rest of the senior leaders are focused on growing the free cash which we can redeploy in the business, as you know in three areas. Number one, most importantly, invest in teammates; two, invest in M&A; and three, return it to shareholders through dividends or periodic share repurchases. So, I look at it little differently. And maybe I am -- I wouldn’t say I’m sensitive to it, but I do scratch my head and laugh periodically when I see analyst reports that criticize us on a low organic growth of 2% and the Company grew organically 5.7%. I would say we had a dam good quarter. And by the way, I’m pumped that our teammates are doing a great job for our customers. Having seen said that, you, not you Josh, but you, the group, might see that differently. You’re entitled to a different opinion. I feel good that over the last two years or three years, our retail business has continued to improve, as evidenced by the organic growth improvement year-over-year. I don’t get caught up in the quarters. And I am very excited about some of the things that we have going on internally that I think will help us grow in the future. So, once again, maybe I’m not as sensitive or maybe I am a little prickly about it, I don’t think so. I sort of laugh actually because I believe that it is not a quarter to quarter business and I think sometimes people don’t fully understand the dynamics and the difficulty of growing a retail business because of the competitive landscape and the changing markets and all. It’s all good. That’s it.
Powell Brown: No. Let’s talk about that bunker mentality. The bunker mentality was between 2008 and 2011, and that was discussed about how people were thinking about and viewing investing in their business. And as I said in our prepared remarks, I think owner sentiment and more specifically CEO and owner sentiment of private business is positive, very positive, and people are buying things to help them grow their businesses, i.e. vehicles or production equipment, and, and, and. So, no, I don’t see that. Number two, remember, we do have some businesses and programs, most notably, the lender-placed business that did grow substantially as a result of the slowdown in the economy. And so, you have some business that are countercyclical, maybe is the right way, I would say that. But no, I actually would tell you that my personal opinion on one retail is great. And I have very, very positive and high enthusiasm about the future performance of retail, one. Two, ecstatic about the programs growth for the quarter, I think they crushed it. Wholesale, nobody’s asked about wholesale, they’ve only grown 6.1%, again for another quarter in a row. And so, with Tony and his team, they’ve grown in excess of 4% for six years in a row, and I think it’s 5% five out of six years. And I’m really very pleased with services. So, no, not a bunker mentality; no, we’re not hesitation of people to buy less insurance; it’s just continue to be competitive.
Powell Brown: It’s spread out all over the year. And actually, Adam, I don’t have a specific number for you, but I would tell you that it is preferred to not have your policies renew then. So, many people try to move out of win season, i.e. pre or post, so 5, 1 or before or 10, 1 and after. So, the answer to the question is, as you know, insurance companies, some have multiyear reinsurance plans in place, some renew, 1, 1, some renew July 1. But everything we’ve seen and everything that we’ve heard is very modest increases if at all because of always additional capital. So, in our win book, we see some up and we see some down but it’s not highly dependent right around one date right and win season. I will tell you in some of the public entity business, we have some business that comes up in July, some of that 10, 1, but it’s spread out over the year.
Powell Brown: It depends actually, because there are some new entrants in the higher end market. So, when I say that homes, $700,000 and up, new construction, so we are seeing rates in some instances where we’re reducing rates nicely on the homeowner. Automobile, depending on the carrier, as I said, is under pressure. Smaller, I don’t have the exact rate off the top of my head in the 200 and 700 range. But, there seems to be ample capacity out there to provide that to not only our customers, but prospective customers. 
Powell Brown: Well, I would look at it a little differently, Mike. Number one, if you think about, we’re very consistent in what we said about our business. Two-thirds to three quarters of our organic growth is impacted by exposure unit increases and the remaining one-third to 25% is usually rate impact. That’s number one.  Number two, depending on the class of business, and I will just use an example [technical difficulty] and you go to the most cities in Florida and you see all kind of construction going on. And so, these contractors are jammed up. And so, they are -- even though they are having a hard time hiring new -- a lot of new people, they got plenty of backlog. And so, they’re growing and getting new contracts in place and new projects and the whole deal. So, actually, I would look at it a little differently. I would say that I understand the point that you are making. And ultimately, I think demand for labor put deflationary pressure on wages, which in turn, the firms with the most business are going to try get and retain the best people to deliver their product and their service. And so, if you want to look at macro numbers, the economic numbers would say that GDP this year, I think it’s just under 3%, globally. And depending on who you listen to or what you read, next year it’s going to be down slightly from that number globally, barring some unusual international events. There is a whole bunch of things going on with not only the Federal Reserve but Bank of Japan and Bank of England. And all of those banks and how they look at bond repurchases and the impact of increases in interest rates, which we think are going to continue to go up. And so, the Fed is trying to keep a lid on inflation, which it is already. But, I think the economy -- if you go into the communities we’re in right now, it’s going well. And I think that you should say that that’s a positive for exposure increases going forward for our business.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Debbie. And we wish everybody a great day and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good day.
Andy Watts: Yes. I think you’ve hit on some of the key areas. Let me just kind of run through these for everybody. So, make sure you incorporate rev rec because that is a little bit higher from a benefit than what we anticipated before. We’ve given the guidance on core commercial. So, again, continue to use that for the full year, make sure you adjust for the contingents. Again, we had projected on those be down 6 to 8, then on 3 to 5. Technology should be flat year-over-year. Those would be the biggest items.
Andy Watts: Yes. Maybe you’ll recall back on this. When we implemented the program, what we said is that the largest impact financially would be in the first year; and then each year after that we get compounding effect of the higher organic revenue growth. So, there’s less margin impact in the second year and then by -- we said, by 2019 that we would be somewhere around breakeven.
Andy Watts: Yes. So, couple of things on that. So remember, first quarter of ever year, we’re almost always going to have a lower effective tax rate, as we talked about last year, because of the tax benefit on vesting of equity grants. And then, it jumps up in the back end of the year. So, yes, the rate will go up in the second through fourth quarters. As we talked about at year-end, now, remember, just because there’s the drop in the federal rate, there is two other components to it. We lose a portion of the deductibility for the state and then there is also the elimination of entertainment cost in there as well as comp over $1 million for the 162 [ph] officers. So, that’s what gives us the blended on full year we think around 27, 27.5.
Andy Watts: Hi, Arash, it’s Andy here. No, there was no impact of the retail performance incentive plan in the first quarter. And we would expect margin improvement little bit in ‘18 and then also towards -- going through ‘19. Thanks.
Andy Watts: Yes. There is not a tremendous amount in there on weather-related. As we said in our comments that really came down to -- we just won a lot of new business, which was great. And we did a great job of expanding relationship with existing...
Andy Watts: And Kai, just make sure, when doing the comparative year-on-year, don’t forget about the legal settlement that we had in the first quarter. So, that was 270 basis points for this quarter but it’s going to impact the year-over-year, adjusted or not.
Andy Watts: Mark, by the way [indiscernible] take your full-year estimate wherever you are now, and if you had adjusted that down by 6 to 8 from 2017, you’d now want to make sure that you’re only going to be down about $3 million to $5 million on a full year basis. And remember, what we said on the way it works with the new revenue standard is that gets recognized substantially throughout the year, relatively evenly by quarter. It’s not perfect but it’s a good proxy. You’re going to primarily see that year-on-year downward pressure in wholesale is what we’re expecting right now.
Andy Watts: That’s the movement. Just remember, what we did is we recognized the large portion of our contingents in the first quarter historically. With the new revenue standard, we now take that and recognize it throughout here. So, we move basically $18 million into future quarters. That’s why it’s easy to look it on a full-year basis first. And you know what ‘17 is; once you got, what you would look -- believe ‘18 would look like, then spread that across the year, you will figure out then how the quarters drop out.
