J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Tracy, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. We'll start on slide four. For the quarter, we delivered $432 million of revenue, growing at 2.6% in total and 2.4% organically. Each of our four divisions delivered organic growth again this quarter. Contingent commissions were down approximately $3 million compared to prior year due to higher loss ratios, which had the effect of compressing our margins slightly. We'll discuss the effect of this later in the presentation. Even with this headwind, we were able to deliver $0.47 per share for the quarter, which was flat with the prior year. Andy will talk more about the detail for the quarter in a few minutes. So far this year, we've acquired nine agencies with the annual revenues of approximately $33 million. The pipeline continues to be good and we're engaged with a number of acquisition prospects. With the current valuations, we continue to exercise discipline as we want to pay a fair price for our acquisitions. During the quarter, we completed $100 million ASR announced earlier this year in Q1. Also, we're pleased that our Board of Directors has authorized an 11.4% increase on our quarterly dividend, which will be effective beginning with our Q4 payments. This is our 22nd year of consecutive dividend increases. As it relates stock buybacks and dividends, they both continue to be key parts of our capital allocation strategy and are subjects we discuss with our board on a regular basis. On to slide five, and before we get into market performance, let me shift gears and talk about the realignment of our Retail Division. Retail is now divided into six regions, each led by a regional president that individual owns his P&L and has the responsibility to grow, invest and modify as he sees fit for their offices. In addition, each of the regional presidents leads a business initiative. In conjunction with a number of teammates across the country, the regional presidents develop a strategy for their initiative and then drive it across our platform. For clarity, this is not a matrix organization. Each regional president has the last word regarding what and how their offices implement each business initiative. It's important to highlight that the new strategy and structure will leverage our capabilities across the National platform, while continuing to foster our decentralized sales and service culture. On slide six, we continue to see the overall market conditions improve in certain areas of the country, which is good. However, there are some questions regarding potential outlook due to the recent news about companies reducing their workforces and cutting costs. We've seen some slight impact already and will continue to monitor our customer base closely. While the year isn't over, 2015 appears to be another year without a major hurricane hitting the United States. This lack of weather events along with excess capital in the market continues to drive rates down. We expect this trend to continue for the remainder of the year and into 2016, unless there's a material change in one or both of these factors. We don't think a slight increase in the fed rate will have much, if any, impact on insurance rates. Admitted market rates are generally flat to down 5%, and this has been the trend for the last four to five quarters. The only real exception is for commercial auto that is flat to up 5%, but this really depends on loss experience for the account. We continue to see excess and surplus rates down with cat property being down the most. Pre-tax income increased year-over-year by 30-basis points. This slower growth as compared to revenue was primarily driven by lower income from contingents and the incremental interest expense associated with our bonds we issued in Q – I'm sorry, I apologize – cat property down, staying on slide six, the new federal law that has put the determination of community rating of small group under 100 back to each state is expected to cause increased complexity regarding implementation of ACA. This will more than likely create additional confusion for companies and carriers as the community rating will more than likely be different by state and potentially by size of employer. With this increased complexity, we see this as an opportunity for Brown & Brown to provide incremental value to our clients. In summary, we consider the changes made in the quarter related to Retail as building blocks. And we're optimistic about how the company is positioned for increasing profitable growth in future quarters. Now, let me turn it over to Andy, who'll discuss our financial performance in more detail.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. Great report. In closing, we're optimistic about the current trajectory of the business with many businesses performing well and other businesses improving over previous quarters. We do expect rates to remain under pressure due to historically low weather events and low interest rates. We feel the realignment of our Retail Division strategically positions us for incremental profitable organic growth in future quarters. From an M&A perspective, we remain actively engaged in discussions with many acquisition candidates. As I've mentioned before, closing an acquisition depends on when the seller is ready and if we can come to an appropriate financial transaction. I can tell you that we continue to be quite active in the space, but are being prudent as pricing and terms continue to be aggressive. Lastly, our disciplined capital deployment strategy across internal investments, acquisitions and returns to shareholders remains a key focus to help us drive long-term shareholder value. Now, with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Tracy so we can open it up for questions on the call.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So, number one, we had a number of years ago a regional structure. And then we went into a single leader structure for a period of time and we decided to go back to the regional structure to enable us to grow the business more rapidly and profitably. So, that's number one. Number two, the compensation of those leaders will be directly tied to the performance of their division or region and the overall company performance as well. So, they will be incented to grow organically and profitably, make acquisitions, and help us drive the company forward. I will also say that each one of those regional presidents has a key or a business initiative, which he is responsible for. And so, they are developing the strategy with a group of teammates across the organization and will be helping drive that across the platform going forward. So, that's an increased focus on those particular areas, all of which we believe have growth opportunities in the future.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So, two parts. Number one, as you know, with the new law, which puts community rating in the hands of the state, I think that's going to continue to create complexities and challenges and opportunities for us and the prepared brokerage firms out there. So, I think more to come as that's implemented at a state-by-state basis, number one. Number two, as it relates to exchanges in general, our private exchange has about 4,600 lives up from about 4,000 last quarter. As I've said before, that is an option, it is not the solution. It is an option or a solution. So, what I believe we're going to see in the state exchanges is there will continue to be upward pressure on rates because of the mix of business or the populations in those pools. And what at one time might have looked very compelling financially may change, if, in fact, the performance of that pool starts to not perform as expected.
J. Powell Brown: So, number one, we always have a certain level of investment in people throughout all business cycles, as you now. I have said before that we have made some strategic investments along the way, which has helped increase our organic growth in areas in Retail and other segments of our business. And we will continue to do that strategically and opportunistically when we find the right people that fit culturally. So, as you know, our strategy has historically been to hire people either out of college or from other industries and train them, also make acquisitions where we have a very high quality teammates join us from other organizations. And then, on a selective basis, hire from other firms with experience either some or a lot of insurance experience. And we'll continue to do all of the above in the future. And when certain opportunities present themselves, we will make those additional investments on top of the normal investment.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So the first comment about seasonality. No, we haven't seen some marked change or seasonality in our business. We see our businesses impacted and they fluctuate on any given quarter, but no dramatic seasonality or shift in Q3, number one. Number two, I don't want anybody to think that the realignment of Retail is going to have an immediate impact on internal growth, but over a long – intermediate and long-term, we believe that will, and that is our goal. I have said before and I will say it again that we believe Retail is a low to mid single-digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. As you saw in this quarter, we had slight improvement in terms of that Retail organic growth and it's our goal and intention to continue to drive that forward and up. So I think it's going to take a little time, but I'm very pleased with all of our teammates and the outlook going forward.
J. Powell Brown: Elyse, first, I think it depends on the size of the repurchase, the amount. So, depending on what that is, then we'll evaluate what's the best vehicle on which to purchase the shares. And number two, as you know, we have not taken a position to say that we will categorically buy said amount of shares in any quarter. It's something that we talk with our board about actively. We're actually having a board meeting after this call and we'll continue to talk to them about that as well, but we will look at that as an investment as we do in all the other options, both internal and acquisitions, as we've talked about in the system.
J. Powell Brown: Mark, what I would tell you is, we plan on continuing to invest as we have historically, but what I can't say and I know this may frustrate you and others, because you can't model this, it is how and when we see opportunities for people that fit culturally will we be opportunistic in those investments. So, there's not an easy answer to your question.
J. Powell Brown: I think it's fair to say that it should probably be more steady and there's a good likelihood that we will make opportunistic investments, but it's not something that we don't look very carefully at and think about the overall impact on all fronts every quarter.
J. Powell Brown: We're not aware of anything in Retail. I would tell you that, as you saw and have seen, there's been a little pressure on Programs, that Programs pressure is driven primarily by the catastrophic property declines and the competitive nature of that business, so it's affecting both coasts, not only the East Coast, but the West Coast. So, if I were to speculate, I think that Programs in Q4 would probably be flattish to maybe down very slightly. The Wholesale segment, as you know, had a nice quarter again at 5.5%. They still have a lot of business that's under pressure, but I anticipate them to have a good quarter, not too dissimilar, maybe up a little, but probably down a little, maybe flat to down a little bit, but in that range. But overall, we're not aware of anything that would be one-time in nature, some unusual action of a governmental entity that would impact our business or anything like that.
J. Powell Brown: And the reason I can't be more specific, Mark, as you know, is when you have rates down 15% and 20% and 25%, particularly if it's year-on-year, if you renew the account, it's dramatic decrease in your revenue, and if you lose the account, you got to fill that hole in.
J. Powell Brown: Well, like I said, I just think that we're just making a general statement. We're not correlating – you can draw any conclusions you want. We are not trying to draw a correlation between the two. We're just basically saying, in an environment where you have low interest rates and a lot of capital, I don't think we're going to have rates going up.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. Well, number one, we can't give you an exact. Meaning, if, in fact, rates are down this much, then this happens, because there's a whole bunch of factors in there in addition to rates that impact the business, exposure units, competitive pressures, retention rates and the like. What I have said in the past, as you recall, Josh, is that you can have a rate environment where rates are down as we are today, 0% to 5%, and you can grow your business organically in a steady state environment. The last time we were in an environment like this that I recall was in the late 1990s. So, I'm talking about 1998 and 1999. So rates were down in a similar fashion, property – coastal property was not down like it is today, but we were growing organically then as a kind of a benchmark. So, that's where -
J. Powell Brown: No, no. That has not subsided or changed. We continue to invest in. But the cost of those, let's call it, incremental talent investments are going to kind of go up and down in the quarter. So, we didn't call it out not because we're not doing it, we just were trying to give you a good flavor across the platform.
J. Powell Brown: Well, let's make sure we're clear on that. Everybody's development is different. When you hire somebody right out of college, you are teaching them not only insurance, but about life. And so it takes several years for them to get into the production mode, but they're being very successful in adding value to our team and learning the business in other ways, but they may not be a producer right away. So, depending on that person's background, knowledge of insurance or lack thereof, impacts that. It's not as easy as saying, we hire somebody and one year later you have X. It's not that easy. And I know you'd like that, there'd be more like manufacturing, but it's not like that. You hire a new person and some people are successful more quickly, some people, it takes a little longer for them to launch in their career. But we can tell you that we're looking for a certain type of person and that person, when we find them has a high probability of success in our system over a long period time, if they continue to do all the desired outputs and actions that make us a producer successful.
J. Powell Brown: Charles, the way I would think about it is, could there be some incremental expense over time? Yes, possibly, but the way you describe that is sort of a big corporate re-org. And I don't want you to think of it that way. I want you to think of it as basically these leaders, all of them, were senior leaders of the company before. And they have all – these six individuals now have a region of responsibility that varies in size, but they have a number of high quality teammates already in place in those regions. So, I would just say that as they see fit to hire additional people to help grow the business, that's the way I think of it, as opposed to layers of people that don't sell insurance. I don't want you to think that way.
J. Powell Brown: Well, let me maybe address that a little differently. If you look at the business initiatives and the fact that each one of those regional presidents has a business initiative, which they are going to be responsible for driving that strategy across our platform, if, in fact, that means that's a different concept, we haven't done that before in this form or fashion, number one. Number two, I want you to understand that we're not doing it the same way as that we did it because we want to have a different outcome. And the last time I checked, if you do the same thing over and over again and expect a different outcome, I think Albert Einstein said that's the definition of insanity. So we are definitely going to be doing some things differently, which I'm excited about, and we believe we'll deliver the desired results. But like I said, in our system, expense is typically driven around production and service talent. They are directly aligned with the customer experience. So that's how we think about it.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So, let's think about just over the last year plus. Remember, we acquired last year in the spring Pacific Resources, which is large account capability in the ancillary markets, typically clients approximately 8,000 lives and up. Also, this year, we acquired Strategic Benefits outside of Boston, which also focuses on large employee benefits, both health and ancillaries. And those two businesses are very complementary with the Beecher Carlson business in terms of the same client base and the ability to call on clients either simultaneously or existing clients of one might be a potential opportunity of another. We have made investments over time in Beecher Carlson. As Andy early alluded to, the M&A practice and the cyber liability practice, we've made some additional production and placement capability investments there. But what I would say is our investment appetite in Retail, in middle market Retail, I would say has been very similar. That does not mean that periodically we come across a couple of people that we just realized we got to a higher. But what I would say is the more strategic investment or opportunistic investment hires have probably been more in the large account area. If you were going to make a broad statement and in middle market Retail, it's been more traditional investment over time. That's the way I would describe it.
J. Powell Brown: So, the short answer is, all of these individuals have been involved with acquisitions prior to the realignment. And so, as you know, when and why people do acquisitions is different for every person. And so, remember, we have 195 leaders of business units or profit centers, all of which have the ability to engage in a discussion around an acquisition either a fold-in or on a standalone basis, number one. Number two, each of those regional leaders or regional presidents or other senior leaders, do have – there's an expectation for them to try to continue to bring in investment or acquisition opportunities as well. So I don't want to give you the impression that it's going to do something dramatically differently because these people were already doing that.
J. Powell Brown: Well, we'd like to think that it'll be a positive opportunity for growth. But once again, remember, we continue to see pressure as I've alluded to on property around the country. That's a East Coast, West Coast, everywhere and between situation. And so I would say that that may offset some of the down draft in some of our existing Programs that are impacting that growth in Q3 and Q4 and end of the first quarter of – the first part of next year. We do think that there's a lot of opportunity, but we're very cautious in terms of how to translate that to organic growth yet until we see the Program up and running for a couple of quarters.
J. Powell Brown: And, Ryan, just as a additional comment there, remember, when we're talking about life insurance, that's generally speaking a one-time event. So that's a non-recurring revenue stream. So, that doesn't mean that that's bad. It just means that we could have – it can be peaks and valleys or lumpy, as Andy said. And so you could have a number of large cases sold in a quarter or in a year and then, in the following year, you just don't sell as many or you sell more. So I just want to make sure, that's a one-time only. It's like a builders risk policy or a project policy or anything that is one-time in nature, there's a non-recurring revenue component.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So I think we talked about this the last time, whereas as it's – although rates are down and they can be up in certain classes, the issue in California that we experienced in the second quarter and in the third quarter was a change of one of the risk bearers' appetites in certain classes of business. So, what I would tell you is, as you know, Southern California, like Southeast Florida and Southeast – really, South Texas, are very interesting legal environments. So, you want to have your risk bearers to be not only comfortable, but in a position where they feel like they can make money over time in those areas. So, I know that's a long winded answer to say that I believe it's more risk appetite than rate impact in the State of California.
J. Powell Brown: That's not a Florida specific thing. Remember, Andy said that, of the contingent downdraft, $2 million of the $3 million was in Wholesale, and the Wholesale footprint is all over the country with those risk bearers. So it's – I know that piece frustrates you because it's very hard to model and so we understand that, but it truly is based upon the loss experience of the entire book around the country.
J. Powell Brown: Yeah. The renewal retention is generally the – in the same historic levels, and we've talked about this before. Other than the piece in Washington, which is a very unusual circumstance, I would say, generally speaking, our renewal retention in most offices is in line with our expectations.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So, let me give you an example. We have one leader who is charged with the strategy on small commercial and personal lines. So in that, there are similarities in the way the carriers treat that, and those are two important businesses for us. So an individual, who is one of the regional presidents, helps develop that strategy and drive that strategy across the entire Retail platform. We have one person in charge of employee benefits. We have one person in charge of large accounts, and we kind of go on down. So, each one of those is a higher level of focus in specific areas in the business. So, for example, in employee benefits, you've heard us we're impacted substantially this year by the situation in the State of Washington, but our large group in many instances is growing nicely and our small group is underperforming. And so, we're looking at ways to obviously grow overall employee benefits more quickly and have more solutions for our clients. So think of it as a senior leader, a regional president, who owns a segment of the business and he's thinking about it all the time and helping drive that strategy across the platform. Furthermore, we have additional measures and metrics that we're going to be looking at on all of those segments of business a little differently, which will highlight performance or lack of performance.
J. Powell Brown: Well, the answer is, I think that business as usual in the last several quarters. Obviously, one thing that could impact that business would be, if our government decided to shut down again. Now, we don't anticipate that and I know no one hopes for that, but I would just say, how people think about hiring or freezing in that segment of government can impact the way those approval processes – or the approval process occurs, but we are not seeing something materially different this quarter or anticipating in Q4 that we have been seeing in the past.
J. Powell Brown: I think it's a good question. As you know, in the large account space, when you get an account, it can be very positive for your organic growth, but when you lose one, it's a real bummer. Having said that, so you have a little bit more lumpiness in an individual office on a companywide basis that moderates that impacts slightly, but I would tell you that each of our businesses are growing. What I would say is at the present time, small accounts is probably growing generally slightly slower but steadier over time.
J. Powell Brown: No. Thank you, Tracy. We'd like to wish everybody a great day and we look forward to talking to you again in January. Have a wonderful day. Good bye.
R. Andrew Watts: And then, Kai, I probably referenced back to what we've talked about in previous calls. We said we believe we should be able to operate in a 33% to 35% operating margin. And, again, that's still a good range for us. And based upon how we make investments on a quarterly basis, that can float up and down as well as revenues back and forth. So just kind of keep that in mind when you're modeling things out.
R. Andrew Watts: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, Elyse. It's Andy here. As we talked about on previous calls, we are expecting the fourth quarter to be down probably somewhere in the range of about $4 million. It would be our best guess right now, but don't know exactly. It's primarily going to be within Programs. And if you remember, we talked about the fact that Proctor had got notification from one of their carrier partners that contingents would probably be down materially year-over-year on loss experience. And then, our Florida coastal property business is down just because of lower premiums. So that's kind of a ballpark as to where we are. We won't know until we close out the quarter, but probably a pretty good marker for you.
R. Andrew Watts: Yeah, probably in the $6 million to $7 million range, Elyse, on it. And it always – it does fluctuate based upon participation during the quarter. But that would be our best estimate right now.
R. Andrew Watts: Hey, Mark, let me see if I can give some real life examples. So in the earnings call for the second quarter of last year, we talked about our investments in our M&A practice, cyber, ZOOM, those were some of the opportunistic. So if you think about what had to occur is that was a year burnt in through our P&L. In order to get there, they're now starting to be revenue producing, but we're continuing to add incremental teammates each and every day through – to the organization.
R. Andrew Watts: Yeah. Mark, it's one of our businesses out on the West Coast and it was really driven by them picking up some new customers. So presuming that we continue to get good claim flow from the customers, then it continue on, but again, we always have a little bit of ebb and flow inside of there. Some of our East Coast businesses did not experience the same claim performance.
R. Andrew Watts: Yeah, Charles, let me see if I can give a little bit of backdrop is, one, we never give outlook on contingents and it's due to a couple of reasons is, it's got, one, an impact of what happens with loss experience. And that's something that we never can project a year out, and the other is what's going on with underlying rates in both of them. And so, if you were to take the current environment where there's rate pressure out there today, and I think if you were going to forecast up, that might not be a good bet in all of it, but we do not actually estimate anything. I think most of you guys go out there and just use our year-over-year in all of it. The fourth quarter is a good example, as of where we're seeing pressure down on some of our Florida coastal property programs, because it's just premium shrinkage. So, if that was going to continue, you'd expect for it to continue to be down a little bit.
R. Andrew Watts: And, Charles, I'd probably add to that is, Powell mentioned that each of the regional presidents also lead one of the business initiatives. And one of the ways that we structured this in order to not put a lot of cost inside of here is the teammates that sit inside of the business initiative come right out of the regions. What better way to actually solve a problem is solve it yourself. And so therefore, they've got representations. So, we didn't go in and go create all these new groups with all kinds of extra cost and then they get to go tell a region what to do, they're going to do it for themselves, it's about really coming together and collaborating. So it is a different approach.
R. Andrew Watts: Yeah, Ryan, it's Andy here. We don't disclose the individual businesses underneath on it, but like I said, it had about a 40 basis point impact on organic growth when we kind of look at all them together. And as I mentioned, it is kind of lumpy. We can kind of – it just depends on when business gets closed during the quarters, back and forth.
R. Andrew Watts: And, Jeff, we're going to expect that's probably going to be – unless there's a change there with the carrier around risk, that's going to probably be a headwind for the next few quarters.
R. Andrew Watts: Yeah, it was minimal. The only thing that we really picked up was a little bit on the tail end of the storms from the second quarter in Oklahoma and Texas, but honestly, it was a really small amount. The number of claims, Jeff, that we've got so far submitted in for Joaquin is really, really small. I mean, we're talking about in the hundreds on number of claims that have come in so far and they're already slowing down. So...
R. Andrew Watts: Jeff, that's what makes it difficult for us to really give any sort of direction on these things because we just don't know.
R. Andrew Watts: Yeah. And one of the things that we're looking at on it, Dan, is getting the split between what we think capital will be and historically, again, our capital runs kind of around $20 million to $25 million. So, how much incremental CapEx will there be in 2016 and then also how much will be OpEx, and combination of the OpEx is what is ongoing running versus in the one-time upgrade cost. So we're going through that right now. We should have a good feel when we talk to you guys in January. We just need to get kind of the – through the next 90 days. We're getting pretty close. And again, for clarity, when Powell mentions the agency management system, that's primarily all in Retail just so that we're not changing our agency management systems in the other divisions.
