Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, great report. As we move in to Q2, we watch the potential for ACA reform and tax reform with great interest, as I know you do. Rates overall are flat to down slightly. One quarter does not make a trend. Cat property rates saw declines of 10% or less. A word of caution there are lots of large property schedules that renew in Q2, so we will see how rates hold or decrease in Q2. The M&A environment continues to be very competitive. We continue to search for firms that fit culturally and make sense financially. In the current environment, we have seen a number of deals that do not make sense to us financially. In closing, we entered Q2 with cautious optimism about the year, what the year might look like. We have lots of great activity going on throughout our company and are making progress on many of our initiatives to drive the business forward. With that, let me turn it back over to Shannon for the Q&A session.
Powell Brown: Okay. Elyse, I appreciate the question. And as you know, we don’t give organic growth guidance. So we are going to say that somewhere between zero and mid single-digits. And so having said that, we watched the economy as closely as you and everybody else does. But as I said, one quarter doesn’t make a trend.
Powell Brown: Nothing has changed, Elyse. We continue to evaluate it and we talked to our Board about it when we are together, but there is no change in the way we look at capital allocation.
Powell Brown: Well, on tech, we said it’s going to be 40 basis points to 50 basis points. And we can’t say yet on the 5 for 5 accrual because we have to watch it every quarter.
Powell Brown: Yes, Kai, we haven’t disclosed what we think the required working capital is in the company. We have got sufficient amount of cash as well as access to whatever capital that we need. And then I would like to address the second point which I think is the most important. Kai, I believe that I said this last time, but if I didn’t I will clarify it for everybody. We have been very clear that we are deploying our capital on three ways: one, through hiring new teammates and growing our business organically; two, by acquisitions; and three, to return it to shareholders through either dividends or share repurchases or some combination thereof. We are going to pay out about $70 million in dividends this year to our shareholders. So having said that, I have been asked that what happens if in fact acquisitions were very, very expensive going forward for a protracted period of time and if we evaluated our stock price and we thought the stock price was fully valued at the time. And the answer to the question is that we are going to stockpile cash on our balance sheet. And so if anybody wants to criticize somebody at Brown & Brown, you can criticize me. But we are not going – we do not have a whole burning in our pocket and I know you know that and we look very, very closely at our acquisitions and how we deploy that capital and we will continue to do so. It’s interesting, because as I alluded to in my prepared remarks, some of the acquisitions that we see out there, we know that the numbers don’t make sense, but we are a forever company and those companies are going to be flipped in 3 to 5 to 7 years and they don’t build cultures in that period of time. We have only been doing this for 77 years and we think we really have a strong culture and we will continue to maintain that. So, I anticipate that we will have opportunities to deploy our capital fine over the intermediate to longer term, but it’s very possible we could continue to stockpile cash on the balance sheet. As you know, last year, I believe that we added $72 million to the cash on hand year-over-year. The prior year, we paid out about all of the cash that we earned. So that’s it.
Powell Brown: Well, remember, there is two clarifications. We work on behalf of insurance company partners to get these settled. And sometimes, well, I shouldn’t say sometimes, it is very highly dependent on the way those claims are processed with the federal government. So when I say that, Mark, sometimes that, things seemed to be going in a good pace and a flow and we get a lot processed and then there are sometimes, i.e., when there is a question about funding for the federal government, when things slow down and we have talked about that in the past. So I would basically say that we continued to enjoy and work really hard on behalf working for our carrier partners on this in this regard. And I think that success breathes success when you do a good job, then you have the opportunity to earn more business from those partners. But there is not one thing that’s just sticking out that saying this is happening which is dramatically changing our results there.
Powell Brown: Well, I don’t know if I’d say that, I think that you might have been a little bit overly zealous in your response there. I would say that today things are still being processed. And if you could give us more clarity on what’s happening at Washington, we would all like to know. But I am cautious about saying something that broadly.
Powell Brown: There is too much speculation. I mean, we don’t know what the economy is going to be doing, what rates are going to be doing or any of that. What we are trying to do is we are trying to grow the business organically and add with good acquisitions where we can find them and obviously grow the profit-sharing and the profit-sharing has been under pressure because of losses and rate decreases.
Powell Brown: Well, I am not trying to be funny, Adam, but we had a lot of submissions, but I am not going to say that we – I think the important thing that you know is, one, we have a lot of activity in wholesale. So as Tony Strianese says you got to put the lot of hamburgers particularly in binding authority and personal lines, number one. Number two, we referenced that the CAT property, the large transactional wholesale rates were not down as much as we anticipated. I also caution you to say that one quarter doesn’t make a trend. We were very pleased with the performance in Q1 of wholesale and I would say that I am only speaking on behalf of myself, but I was pleasantly surprised, because I anticipated further rate pressure in CAT property.
Powell Brown: Well, I think that it’s a combination of both. Remember, we are servicing retail agents across the country, so we can service existing agents and we can make – we can work with new agents or writing new policies on behalf of existing or new agents. So we think that there are growth opportunities in a bunch of different ways there and we are very pleased with how right slide is doing.
Powell Brown: It’s growing nicely. I don’t mean to be flippant, but we don’t give the exact number, but I am very pleased with where we are for employee benefits.
Powell Brown: Okay. Well, thank you all very much and have a wonderful day. We look forward to talking to you at the end of Q2. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Andy Watts: Yes. What we would say on those is that we would expect that the tech in the 5 for 5 program will continue to put some pressure on margins in the back end of the year. And then also just as a reminder, we did have some of the tax premium refunds in the second quarter of last year that will also put some pressure on those. And with the carrier changes in national programs, again that will put some pressure on the margin in the back end of the year.
Andy Watts: Yes, a little bit on there. Elyse, I think as we get better visibility to the programs, as they gain momentum, we are going to kind of tighten up our range a little bit. So not any major movements, but that’s kind of the ballpark we see right now.
Andy Watts: Yes. Let’s see if I can clarify a little bit on, Chi. So the way the program works is that anybody that is able to grow the book over 5% for the full year 2017, we get that. As we mentioned, when we rolled this plan out at the beginning of the year and we talked about on the year end call, is there is going to be some of our producers that are already over 5%. So you do have – it’s not that you have got your full year because I think what you are trying to do is presume that if you take your 2% kind of divide it all the way, you got an incremental 35 but we don’t actually work that way.
Andy Watts: Yes. And listen if we can’t, let’s clarify on the technology spend. Is it can be up and down during the year and let’s explain what we mean by that. It’s because we started into the programs during last year and the spend picking up in the back end of the year. We are going to have, at times a higher impact in the first half of this year. Then, as we start to lap the expenses, the impact will be less. So you probably don’t want to take into a straight line across the border, you will probably expect that the second quarter will be a little bit higher.
Andy Watts: Yes, Mark. So we had called out – we said we had about $9 million of incremental storm claim revenue last year over 2015, which almost all primarily fell in the second half of the year. So during our calls last year we had called out about $4 million in the third quarter and about $3 million in the fourth quarter. And then there is a little bit kind of first and second quarter but that big chunks are back into the year.
Andy Watts: Josh, when we give the ranges, we are not saying that we are going to be there in 2017. That’s kind of what we call our what should be the interim range and we can be above, just as we have talked about our organic we should be in the low to mid single-digits and kind of a normal stable economy. Well, that’s different things going with rates etcetera. That’s where we do believe we can operate the business. We have been able to do that over the last 10 and 20 years as we have grown the business substantially. You might see outside of that every now and then, but we think we have got the right operating framework.
