Powell Brown: Thank you, Kristy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for earnings call for Q1. We’re pleased with our results for the quarter, so let’s get right into the key points. On Slide 4, you’ll see we delivered $404.3 million of revenue for the quarter, growing a 11.2% and 3.8% organically. Each of our four divisions delivered organic growth. The overall market conditions continue to improve with the exception of a few areas, which we’ll cover on the next slide. Our GAAP earnings per share was $0.39, growing 8.3% for the quarter, excluding the change in acquisition earn outs payable, we grew our earnings per share at 5.3% to $0.40 a share. As part of our capital allocation plan, we initiated a $100 million accelerated share repurchase program during the quarter. This repurchase is part of the $200 million plan approved by our board of directors in the second quarter of 2014. We anticipate the completion of this repurchase during the second quarter of this year. Upon completion we will have then $50 million that still may be repurchased under the approved $200 million plan. Lastly, during the first quarter of 2015, we acquired three agencies with annualized revenues of approximately $12.6 million. While there are lots of potential transactions out there, we continue to see aggressive pricing for acquisitions. We continue to be very disciplined in what we pay, as we’re looking for organizations that fit culturally and makes sense financially. Slide 5 provides additional color on some noteworthy items impacting the market. We’re seeing some areas with good economic improvement and associated exposure unit growth, such as Indianapolis, Atlanta, Portland and numerous cities in Florida. They’re doing much better than a year ago. However, any communities with significant oil related businesses have slowed significantly. We also experienced further uptake in our private exchange during the quarter, but adoption continues to be slow. We continue to see small and medium sized employers evaluate the public exchanges, technology and plan design alternatives. Those may include partial self-insurance in order to manage cost. With the excess capital on the market, along with the prolonged period of limited weather events, coastal property rates remain under significant pressure. Also admitted rates continue to moderate downwards. However, we’re seeing commercial auto rates generally trending up, but that really depends on loss experience. With all of the excess capital on the market and our large distribution network and capabilities, we continue to see interest in our various programs and wholesale offerings. With a lack of weather events, several of our claims processing businesses are operating at historical lows for revenues and operating profits. In summary, we’re pleased with our organic revenue and earnings per share growth for the quarter and this was all made possible through the hard work of our more than 7,700 team mates. Now, I’ll turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, for a good report. I’d like to conclude our remarks with two topics. One, acquisitions and two, retail. As you heard us say we acquired $12.6 million of annualized revenues in Q1. We’ve looked at a number of acquisitions that did not fit culturally or we could not come to an agreement financially. Sellers were focused on many things, but the money is a big one. As you know, we are disciplined buyers. In 2006, 4% of the announced transactions were done by private equity. In 2013 and 2014, private equity did 44% and 43% respectively. There is a lot of activity in the acquisition space and some are willing to pay amounts we won’t. This is not to say that we cannot do acquisitions, but to give you a flavor of the acquisition landscape, we continue to think they are opportunities, but they tend to come in waves. Now on to retail, we’ve grown retail organically 12 quarters in a row. Retail internal growth for 2012 was 1.3%, for 2013 it was 1.3% and 2014 it was 2%. What are we doing? We’ve made incremental progress overtime. If we take out our bottom five retail offices which represent 8% of the retail revenue, our internal growth would be 2.9%. The change in the Washington association health plans is done. We’re down a million in Q1 and expected to be down a million in each of the following quarters in 15’ and that’s by a law change. The other four offices we have an intense focus on to improve their performance. In closing, we feel good about our overall performance for Q1 and each division is positioned for ongoing profitable growth. We are also continuing to evaluate internal investments, external acquisitions and returns to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, all with the goal of long-term stock appreciation. With that I’d like to turn it back over to Kristy, to open it up for questions.
Powell Brown: Okay. Good morning, Elyse. First, we are committed to warn our policy holders, Wright flood and our partnership with FEMA. This is a complicated situation, but [indiscernible] we’re committed to working through the issues to the best result for our policy holders. These events as you know occurred before we purchased Wright. It is our standing position not to comment on ongoing litigation, but we are working through the issues to the best result of our policy holders.
Powell Brown: Elyse, like I said, we don’t give specific organic growth guidance. We’ve said that retail business is a load of mid-single digit organic growth business.
Powell Brown: We have not come up with a way to do that yet Elyse. Quite honestly, we have been making internal investments in our business since the beginning of time. It’s just we have articulated it to make sure that everybody understand that in order to continue to provide the services and capabilities to our clients that’s all around people and systems and capabilities. So we really haven’t broken it out and it’s something we’re going to continue to do. We’ve said in the past that we’ve allocated 1% of our total revenues annually to a peoples fund, which is a way that we help defray some of the cost at the local office level when we’re hiring people that are originally in their budgets, but that’s the full extent of which we’ve shared in the past.
Powell Brown: Well, you’ve heard us talk about before that pricing and it all depends on what you’re definition of EBITDA is. So I always like to say, there’s the devils and the details, but when you hear about eight and nine and ten times an EBITDA multiple, what EBITDA are you talking about, but at the end of the day there are certain things that private equity for example maybe willing to do in the short-term that we would not be willing to do. And so I’m not going to say it a multiple amount per say, it’s just an amount that is in excess of what we think is the asset would be worth and so in the event that occurs we pass. We saw a situation recently where we were involved in one - what’s not private equity, an insurance company bought something and it was a business that we thought there was a good cultural fit, but it was not something that was to happen. And sometimes you see insurance companies as you know, buy businesses to augment their underwriting capabilities or to get premium. So every scenario is different, but what I’s just say, as you know that in the private equity space there is a lot of money, there’s washing around out there and they’re looking to put it to work and at some point they’ll have to see if the amount that they paid for those acquisitions will pan out or not.
Powell Brown: Well, as you’ve heard us say before. We constantly talk with our board of directors about the three buckets of one which we invest, the cash we earn. One is internal investments; two, would be external acquisitions and three, return to shareholders via either share repurchases or dividends or both. And so that’s a constant and ongoing discussion and so we have to constantly evaluate the opportunities that are presented to us and as I’ve said in the past, acquisitions are somewhat lumpy and so they come in waves and so if the acquisition - in your case, if the case acquisitions went on - lack of acquisitions went on for a period of time then we would evaluate and look at some of those other options more closely, but having said that, one quarter for example, does not make a trend into my mind in the acquisition space.
Powell Brown: It was yeah, we had some differed revenue that we were able to recognize finally. That will not be anything that will recur on in nature, so that’s why we want to call it out as a onetime item.
Powell Brown: Okay. So Josh, you are correct in the comment about my father making the comment about eating your own or whatever. Having said that, there was also in a period time where purchase price for acquisitions was in a much different place. And so you’ve heard me say, over a period of time that we don’t like use the term never or always. Having said that, we continue as we’ve said to evaluate all of the options that we have and in light of some of the increased purchase price multiples on some of the transactions, we have looked at the value of our stock and the possibility of buying some of that back up which we have done and we were given an authorization of $200 million last summer with no obligation to buy it as you know. Although some people in the investment community have made the assumption that we will use that entire authorization and we may or we may not. We have $50 million outstanding as we complete this current $100 million ASR. But we will continue to talk to the board about how we deploy our capital and if they see fit relative to giving us another authorization to repurchase in the future, then we will continue to weigh and measure that. But what I’d like to say is this, you cannot anticipate, you the collective, everyone on the phone call and we cannot collectively anticipate at Brown & Brown is when we’re going to have opportunities presented to us like an Arrowhead or a Beecher or a Wright and so we continue to like to be in a position to be able to do the transactions that come along when they come along. So we will continue to evaluate the stock repurchase and the cash that we have on hand and how we deploy that cash.
Powell Brown: Yeah that’s a low priority on what we would do with cash. We actually set up our debt structure to provide us with flexibility which we believe that we have and we’re very pleased with what the structure is that we have in place right now. You are correct in saying that we had a lower debt to EBITDA leverage in the past and we as an organization have evolved relative to how we view that. I’ve said publically that we think that having a 1.5 to 2 times debt to EBITDA would be a comfortable area. Would we go above that for a specific transaction in a short term, we would consider it, but we are continuing to evaluate all those options, but we are very pleased with our debt structure and that would be a low priority.
Powell Brown: Well, let’s make a broad statement first Mark. Number One, ACA has created great uncertainty and with that we believe it creates great opportunity, but in that it is somewhat still being defined. So it’s an evolving process. So to your question specifically, we’ve had some of our small business, small business depending on the state might be defined as under 50 or under 100 or some variation they have where they’ve gone from a commission level to a per head per month you’ve heard us say that before. Now, that’s driven more a local and statewide basis rather than a national basis. So we’ve had a number of states that have gone through pieces and part of that, but there are still other states that haven’t or they have not adopted it 100% across the board, that’s number one. Number two, I know you are very mindful of the changes that people are making in plan design. That plan design could be defined as a higher retention or deductible for an employee or a fixed amount of a contribution like a defined contribution amount and you can purchase whatever health plan you want more like a 401k kind of scenario. But in the larger group, there continues to be all kinds of uncertainty which creates greater opportunities for growth for us. So what I would tell you that we are seeing is in the smaller group there’s lots of discussions about alternatives, alternatives meaning state exchanges, private exchanges. How can they continue to offer benefits to their employees? Some of which may opt out down the road overtime and we continue to advice our clients as we come down with some of the very interesting regulations that have unintended consequences like the Cadillac Tax for 2018, so more to follow on that Mark, but we continue it’s still a work in progress.
Powell Brown: It depends overall, in an office that has a lot of smaller stuff. It might be a slight drag or flat, on an office that has a more medium large to larger accounts. It’s a growth - it’s growing.
Powell Brown: Right, Mark, if you remember Q1 is the smallest quarter, so the big quarters for flood will be Q2 and Q3 and so it will be a little premature to answer that question relative to - based on factual information, but what I would say is our team mates at Wright or are talking to retail agents across the country and working really hard to service and meet their service needs of their flood books and we’re very pleased with the relationships that not only that they’ve developed in the past, but those that they’re working on in the future. So we’ve got to get into, as I’d like to call it flood season which really starts in earnest May.
Powell Brown: Yes. Hey, good morning Meyer. I think with our earlier comments is, we probably just were giving some guidance to be a little bit conservative there specifically our FIU business, the Florida Intracoastal Underwriters, we are seeing quite a bit of pressure on continues, there just won the offer of the fact [ph] that rates are down and that will cause - that’s going to cause some pressure on the back end of the year. But we’d say probably our recommendation is don’t model on organic growth rates because that is not what we’re seeing right now.
Powell Brown: Sure the answer is we are working towards that and we’re pleased with the performance. You’re correct in saying in the first 18 to 24 months we had a commitment relative to that and relative to staffing levels and some other things. We’re very pleased with the teammates that have come over and the performance so far. We also have the capability now to - we’re expanding in certain instances based on working with our trading partner there on their technology platform. So we may not be out in the distribution broadly as quickly as we both had wanted, but we’re getting there. So the margins are improving there. They are not yet at historical margins for the area, but we’re moving towards that.
Powell Brown: Yeah, no we don’t see it reversing itself in 16’, Meyer. I think the issue, as we can understand it and talking with our teammates out there is, this is not something that seems to be beneficial to the actual clients themselves. So down the road could there be something else that would present an opportunity, I don’t know, but right now we’re operating that. We don’t think that there is a way to recoup that revenue in the form of the association business that we currently have or is currently being terminated.
Powell Brown: Okay, so Ryan good morning. If you remember we basically said in the past, it’s about $150 million of health and about 100 million of ancillary lines. So let’s start with that. The second part is, we’ve said, about just over half of that 150 would be under a 100 lives. That’s how we’ve articulated it in the past. We have not broken it out in any other format relative to layers and slices and all that other stuff, but sufficed to say that we are working very hard on solutions for both segments meaning the smaller group and the larger group. We believe that there continues to be an evolution on the small group or technology will I believe continue to play a bigger and bigger role and depending on how and what state you are in and how you have viewed state exchanges versus national exchanges and subsidies. That may play a role into it as well, that does not diminish the fact that on our larger clients, technology is categorically a solution and so the discussion is more than just a discussion around healthcare cost. It’s a discussion around ancillary benefits. It’s a discussion around voluntary benefits. It’s a discussion around wellness. It’s a discussion around a bunch of things. So as you break down think a 100 million of ancillary’s of the 150 left just over half of that under 100 lives.
Powell Brown: Yeah, to the best of our knowledge this is the only state - well let me back up. This is the only state where we have written associations like this, that’s number one. Number two, we’re not aware of the similar or related type of business inside of Brown & Brown that would be affected that comes right to my mind law change by an insurance commissioner. But as you know, all of our business continues to be subject to the ACA and the implementation and more importantly the changes in the interpretation I think is the important thing. The interpretation of the law is continuing to evolve and you would like and we would like, so we’re together with some [indiscernible]. We would like absolute clarity and transparency, there is not absolute clarity and transparency in ACA. Now, that does create opportunities, but it continues to create a lot of disruption.
Powell Brown: Yeah, they are robust. See, what I would tell you Adam is this, you got a significant rate pressure on the CAT property, so that’s in the brokerage side. Remember 60, just under 60% of our overall business is binding authority and there’s downward pressure on that property as well, but not as much as the CAT property.
Powell Brown: We always look or confidently looking at solutions and alternatives in both Wholesale and our Programs businesses. From a stand point of what they have done and some other competitors, we have not done that in the history yet at Brown & Brown. I’m not saying that we would not consider it, but at the present we have not considered it seriously.
Powell Brown: Depending on the state they’re either - they could be flat, they could be up slightly, depends on the state as I like to say places like California, it’s always the wild, wild west literally and figuratively. You look at places like Florida and other places around the country, it’s a mixed bag, up, down or flat.
Powell Brown: Okay, so the answer to the question is, we have our Wright flood renewal that comes up annually in October, that’s number one. Number two, this is a - as I said earlier, a complicated situation and there lots of people who are working towards solutions for the constituency and so there will continue to be a lot of - we believe a lot of discussion around this particular topic. We can only suffice to say or committed to number one, our partnership with FEMA; two, to our policy holders and our teammates at Wright flood and we’re committed to work through the issues as they sit out there to the best result of those policy holders. Anything else would be pure speculation and we wouldn’t want to speculate on that.
Powell Brown: Okay, Kristy. Thank you all very much and we look forward to talking to you after the Q2 release. You all have a nice day and thank you very much.
Andy Watts: Hi, good morning Elyse. No, nothing unusual in nature, I think the range that we still gave somewhere around $7.5 million, again it’s going to - will float a little bit by quarter, but no unusual underlying changes there.
Andy Watts: And Elyse, I would also add to it. If you remember last year, we had a lot of conversations about wholesale, right. During the first half of the year versus second half and we were making investments in team mates and it kind of flows back and forth. Yes, just kind of keep that as the backdrop as we continue to go through overtime, but utilize that 33% to 35% as the range that we’re trying to seek to operate inside upon the EBITDAC margins, okay.
Andy Watts: Exactly Kai, so they allow just able to [ph] complete their calculation in the fourth quarter of last year and we had higher contingence in the fourth quarter, about $1.3 million plus the $2 million from Q1 that pulled forward, so that’s where the $3.3 million came from. And then the two is why we’re down from the first quarter.
Andy Watts: Yeah, so that was on the contingence Kai. So just as we recognized $3.3 million last year, right now expectations are that we will recognize the contingence [indiscernible] in the fourth quarter of this year. But they have come back and told us that they’re expecting for those to be materially lower this year because of loss experience. So we don’t want to highlight that just to make sure that you model it accordingly in the fourth quarter.
Andy Watts: Yeah, that’s about loss experience from the previous year, now playing itself through in the calculation.
Andy Watts: Mark, probably other thing keep in mind we’ve had a lot of people ask us about the pricing and should that as a result drive incremental revenues in the business. I think what we would say right now based upon what we know is, well, the pricing will drive some upside. There is also a lot of re-mappings that are going on around the country, specifically just south of - here at Broward county they just remapped a lot of those that made them no longer required, so we think it looks like it’s about a push at this stage. We just don’t know exactly until we start working through the details. So, because we would say don’t bake anything into the model for up sight on that one right now until we get through it, we think we got to push there. The other thing I want to just mention. We looked at a lot of everybody’s models for the second quarter and just to remind everyone, we did this acquisition in May of last year. So there’s only one month of the second quarter that does not have comparative revenues. It looks like a lot of folks have put three months of incremental revenue in there. So there is basically a two thirds double count, so if you could double check your models on that one. We can also follow up after the call.
Andy Watts: If you were to take the - well, when it comes out at the end of this month and you look at our footnote that should be a pretty good indication for the second quarter. The only movement there would be the final settlement of the ASR, but that should not be a material number since most of those shares were pulled out late in the first quarter.
