Powell Brown: Thanks Andy for a great report. In closing we remain optimistic about the economy as business continues to invest or businesses continue to invest and hire more employees. Earlier, we discussed premium rates. Based upon what we're seeing right now we would expect most rates to continue to increase slightly, but competition will remain strong for accounts with low losses. Consistent with prior quarters our acquisition pipeline remained full and we're talking with a lot of companies. We have good momentum after closing 12 deals through the second quarter with annualized revenues of $50 million and we've announced two transactions already this quarter. The primary challenge remains private equity firms and how they are approaching the pricing for deals. At times, they are willing to pay materially more than we are with a disciplined approach to capital deployment. Ultimately, our goal is to find companies that fit [indiscernible] makes sense financially and want to be part of a team for the long-term. We will maintain our disciplined M&A approach as it has proven to be very successful over the long-term. I mentioned earlier that technology remains one of our key priorities. We'll continue to invest in our data strategy to improve the experience for our customers, how we engage with our carrier partners and the experience for our teammates. Overall we feel it was a great quarter for all of our segments and we have good momentum for the second half of the year. With that, let me turn it back over to Matt to start the Q&A.
Powell Brown: Well, think about we're seeing there is a little bit of pressure on rate. There's also a little bit pressure on terms and conditions. So you might see a deductible change from a flat deductible to a percentage in an area that's not coastal, which would be different, and there are some carriers more - I typically think more of, in the E&S market, but even in retail, who are reevaluating certain classes of business and if they want to participate and if in fact they are big rider of a certain class of business, it could be a property-related business or a liability related business and if they decide to change their vantage point that may have a change on the overall market. That's what we're referring to Mike.
Powell Brown: It is, but I mean, where I'd start with is just property for example, where people become more selective or let's say somebody put up a large line or large limit, $25 million in the past and now they only are willing to put up $10 million or $15 million, things like that.
Powell Brown: Okay, Mike. First of all, fortunately, there was no, that I'm aware of, no loss of life. And the amount of damage would be defined as minimal. And so, we do business in both the residential earthquake and commercial earthquake and prior to the event on July 5th, the 7.1 there was some pressure on rates already on those that were putting up very large limits, $50 million, $75 million, $100 million limits in quake zones and so that's a fluid market, and so as once the quake business, the quake occurred, there was a moratorium on writing quake coverage within 100 miles of the event and then it went down to 50 miles. And now, I believe it's open for all classes. But those did not affect the heavily populated areas of San Diego, Los Angeles or San Francisco, we could write in those all along. And so, yes, there will continue to be pressure on those. I will tell you an interesting statistic, Northridge, I believe was a 6.7 and the difference between a 6.7 and a 7.1 is almost is between three and four times more powerful. And so they were very, very fortunate that it was out in the middle and a very rural area because otherwise there would have been significant damage. And so we continue to write lots of coverage and we'll continue to do so, to provide capacity of the marketplace in both residential and commercial going forward.
Powell Brown: Yes, on auto. Let me, let me address that. So here's the gist broadly. Number one, there continues to be losses in excess of the expected losses. This is not exclusively as a result of this, but distracted drivers are as you know a huge issue and it's not slowing down. With that said, markets are getting rate, but some markets don't feel like they can't get enough rate or they are reevaluating the kinds of business they want to write in commercial auto and maybe they write a class of business now, make this up like dump trucks and they've determined that they can't make money at any price in dump trucks based on their experience, whereas another market can think they can - they do think they can make money on dump trucks but it's at a significant higher price than the first carrier. So what we're saying by that is, we have some programs that work in the auto space. If you change carriers at any time there is disruption in terms of the way you write new business in some of your retention, that is driven or impacted more by the fact that it's commercial auto because new carriers typically have different views on the ability to make money in certain states and jurisdictions, which will dictate the legal climate and thus your payments. So nothing's, it's not like something has changed dramatically Mike since last quarter. That's not the case. But what we're trying to say is, we do continue to see people being very selective on their automobile writings and we don't think that's going to change in the near to intermediate term.
Powell Brown: I said down, it was - remember, the revenue was trends, it moved from Q1 into Q2 because they renewed it or extended it and renewed it at a different time. So the impact in Q1 was down about 1% and the impact in Q2 was up about 1%.
Powell Brown: No, no, no, this was just a couple of accounts in Q1, which extended their policies and renewed in Q2.
Powell Brown: Yes, no, I would focus it on our ability to retain our existing customers and write new business. That's a growing business for us and that does not mean that we're not pleased with commercial lines or personal lines, quite the contrary. We are pleased with those too and they're doing well. But Andy did mention earlier and I did too that employee benefits is doing well, but I'm telling you commercial lines are doing well too, so let's not single one out. We're very pleased with how our Retail business performed in Q2.
Powell Brown: Well, again, it's hard for us to comment on someone else because we don't really know how they track organic growth and more specifically their mix of business as it compares to our mix of business. So I would purely be speculating on anybody else, that's number one. But as it relates to us, I would tell you this. I think that we're just executing better, meaning, I'm not trying to be overly simplistic, but I just think we are executing better in the second quarter and the results show that way in our, in the organic growth. So I don't - want you to think some, that there is something that's changed in the economy or any of this other stuff. I think it's interesting, some people criticize us on what they might call the muted view on the rate environment and the answer to the question is, that's what we're seeing in the middle market economy and many people are talking about rate impacts on large lines of business that might be on fees which have no impact on their commissions because they're paid on a fee and so it could be comparing an apple and an orange and we're not uptight about it. I just wanted to clarify that, because I know you were probably thinking that Greg. And the important thing is, is the rates have a positive impact, exposures have a positive impact, but really at the end of the day we're executing well and I'm very pleased, we're very pleased with how the team is doing.
Powell Brown: And Greg, and I'd like to point out that is not just this year, that's for the past four years, five years and up to 10 years. So that is something that we're very pleased about. Because for every dollar that we earn we're converting about $0.23 to reinvest in our business, which you've seen how we've done through acquisitions and organic growth and related. So that is a point that I think it should be duly noted I would think. I know you know that, but I'll encourage everybody to think about that, because we're very proud of that and it's something that is industry leading.
Powell Brown: The answer is, it's a little too early to say Mark, but what I would tell you historically that the absorption rate does go up, post-events. Okay? So I'll give you a statistic that just kind of amazes me. In the State of California and we write quake in Oregon and Washington, but in the State of California 12% of the people that live in quake zones buy earthquake coverage, 12. That sounds low to me. And so, when the event happens, a lot of people think about well what would happen if that happened to us. And some of those people actually buy insurance. But we are not expecting some, it's not going to go from 12% to 50%. It just doesn't do that. It's a very unique dynamic that occurs there. But there's lots of people that are asking about it and talking about it, and thinking about it. And so, we are quoting more of it, but I think that it could have a positive impact, but it's too early to tell.
Powell Brown: No, there is not, Josh. So that was a one-time that we received in the second quarter. And again, that was the final year, a multiyear calculation, but we were holding something out of Q3 or Q4 - was assuming you were just trying to understand how it all came in this quarter.
Powell Brown: Yes okay. So remember, here's the deal Josh. We went to not announcing the size of the deals upon announcement and we are announcing them, which is consistent with everybody else at the quarter call. So we've announced two deals and we will talk about that revenue at the end of the third quarter and then if we announce anymore, which we think we have an opportunity to do, we'll announce all of those at once. So we don't give forward-looking guidance on revenues acquired.
Powell Brown: Limited, the number of claims has been much lower than we thought Mike, and so we will have a modest impact. But it's not going to be an event like we thought it was going to be and with the amount of rain that occurred, we were surprised there weren't more claims. So that's where we are right now based on what we know.
Powell Brown: All right, Matt. Thank you and thanks for joining us. We look forward to talking to you next quarter at the end of our third quarter. Have a wonderful day. Good bye.
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning, Elyse, it's Andy here. You know in fact, if you remember our comments on the first quarter, we had said that the impact of rev rec was less than anticipated and the same thing held true in the second quarter, well yes in fact it was higher than Q1, we did not have as big of a benefit in Q2 from rev rec. So underline we had a really good quarter. It just – it wasn’t material for the second quarter.
Andrew Watts: Certainly we could take that and put it into two pieces is, there is a little bit of benefit in the 5.6, but it's nothing material, okay inside of there for. And then as we talked about on the earlier comments about where we are, we are pleased at 4.5% organic growth for the six months and the way I was thinking it's good to look at some trends because any quarters can kind of be up and down through all. But keep in mind that we've had employee benefits. We have more of that revenue in the first half of the year and that business is growing well for us. So Elyse also, as you know, we don’t give guidance on organic growth, but we've said is the low to mid single-digit organic growth business. That's kind of how we view it in a steady-state economy. So, you know that the limited guidance we would give you.
Andrew Watts: Yes, well we didn’t that on the release, but I would say that all of our businesses are growing really well, just employee benefits are growing little bit faster.
Andrew Watts: Yes, we'll see if we can maybe put it into just two pieces. Let's do it at a total level first. If you look at the GSC, yes we did pick up about an incremental $10 million and they do flow through at higher margins. We had made the comment about incremental one-time legal cost and that was about another – that was about $5 million that we recorded in the quarter. So if you take those two they start to net each other down. That's why when we look at the underlying we said we were up 110 basis points even if taking that kind of a net benefit of those two, we still had a really good quarter at total company. And then as it relates to National Programs when you go through, if you look at their margins and how much they're up, even pulling out the incremental GSC, now again keep in mind that contingents were also down in National Programs, we still expanded margins in National Programs for the quarter.
Andrew Watts: Yes, hi, good morning, Mike. Yes, we were up about $3.5 million for the second quarter. We would expect that it will probably go ahead and trend up a little bit more for the back end of the year. The run rate, actually for the second quarter, is a pretty decent run rate right now.
Andrew Watts: No, no, no, hold on a second. Let's clarify. If take where our run rate is for the second quarter if you pick it up in there, then that would be a good estimate for the next two quarters on stock comp.
Andrew Watts: Okay. Hey, good morning, Mike. It's Andy here. On the lender-placed, here's what we saw during the second quarter is, we had a couple of our customers actually had picked up some additional portfolios. So we had some growth in those, which is good for the business. We do expect to see some continued fall off in the back in of the year. We mentioned previously that we've got a couple of customers that were acquired. And so, that business will be winding down in the back end of the year is from everything that we can see right now.
Andrew Watts: Yes, Greg, in the first quarter, we said it was about a 1% impact. It was about a 1% also in the second quarter. Down 1 in Q1 and up to 1…
Andrew Watts: Yes, as we had mentioned before is we do expect it will be down a little bit this year. If you remember, fourth quarter of last year we got a bump in the working capital associated with the acquisition of Hays. We're anticipating that will kind of reverse back out to a normal level this year. So last year, our free cash flow conversion as a percentage of revenue I think was right about 26%. We would expect that will come down a little bit this year, but as an organization, we continue to run somewhere around 22% to 23% as the conversion of free cash flow conversion. So again that's cash flow from operations less CapEx divided by revenues on there. We run right in that 22% to 23% pretty consistent all the time.
Andrew Watts: Greg, the other thing to keep in mind on the free cash flow and we've talked about in some of our previous calls, our CapEx will be up this year and next year associated with the building of the Daytona Beach campus and again the ranges that we've given on that as we said, will probably be up somewhere around $30 million to $35 million in CapEx this year, and then we'll spend about another $30 million or $35 million next year on CapEx and then it will drop back down.
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning, Mark. It's Andy here. Yes, so we'll have continued headwinds for the third and fourth quarter, the larger being in the third quarter and then it kind of starts to wind down in the fourth quarter. Yes, we had said previously, we thought it would be somewhere around $8 million to $9 million on a full-year basis. We're still expecting somewhere around kind of that $4 million to $5 million for the back end of the year.
Andrew Watts: The only real items that we're expecting in the third quarter and this was an item that popped up in Q3 of last year in National Programs, the $8 million that was the one-time adjustment that we made last year, that will reverse in the third quarter of this year, which again it's going to flow through the organic calculation for programs and that's really the only one out there, not material.
Andrew Watts: Yes, I mean we've never said what the margin or the margin is for either the GSCs or the contingent commissions, but they are higher than average for the business.
Andrew Watts: So [indiscernible] from comparability. Right? You had a benefit last year that benefit will not be there this year.
Andrew Watts: It does if you are on commission, it doesn't if you're on a fee. But it does impact what the, here's the way I would want you to look at it Meyer, is this, ultimately you know that there is a cost trend out there and let's say that cost trend medical trend is, let's say, 7%, 8%. And so, every year employers, whether it be your employer Brown & Brown or anybody else is faced with that burden in terms of providing that coverage. And so what price increases what that does is it drives buyers, employers to consider, number one, what they can afford and plan design. So, sometimes people change their plans to manage the cost increases. And so, the answer to your question is, it can impact organic growth, if you add employees, which in turn increases the premium, which if you are on commission, you can get a lift. Different carriers do that differently. Sometimes they pay a per head per month, sometimes you're on a fee. So it's hard to make a broad statement. You can't say that everything that we write is on commission because it's not. But yes, there is some embedded organic growth there because of that rate lift.
Andrew Watts: Boy, a little bit of a hard one to answer. And the reason I would say that is, the programs is the one that we at times have the most volatility with because you've got individual calculations for every one of the programs underneath of there. Some of them are single year. Some of them are multiyear in nature and it just depends upon the performance. And so, we've been definitely up and down in that world. It again wouldn’t surprise us that they are down a little bit there. I mean, we saw and they trended down for the second quarter.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Based upon when we closed the deals in 2018 Josh, yes you are correct. It will slow down presuming no other deals in the back end of the year.
Andrew Watts: Okay. Yes, Mike just, yes just Mike just for clarity, we don't model anything up. I mean, the volume of claims that we're getting, are really, really small. So we are not envisioning any real uptick at this stage in Q3 versus last year.
