Chas McKhann: Thanks, Stefanie. And before we move to Q&A, I would like to officially welcome and introduce Jeff Black, who joins Apollo as CFO this week. Jeff brings 30 years of experience to Apollo Endosurgery, most recently, he served as Chief Financial Officer at Alphatec Holdings, a medical technology company providing spinal fusion solutions. Jeff played a key role in the successful turnaround of the company, securing nearly $500 million in financing to support accelerated growth, transform the balance sheet and execute strategic acquisitions. Under his leadership, Alphatec grew from a market capitalization of $20 million to more than $1.5 billion. I would also like to thank Stefanie for an invaluable contribution to Apollo over the past 6 years, and I'm very pleased that Steph will be continuing on with us as we position the company for the next phase of growth. Stefanie, thank you, and Jeff, welcome to Apollo.
Chas McKhann: Yeah, Matt. We actually think this is real growth, right? As you recall, we had a little bit of a bounce back in Q3 of last year, and it had by our circular terms, a very strong Q3, especially when you factor in seasonality. Since then, we've been growing quarter-on-quarter since then. And so, the underlying demand across all 3 products is really driving that growth. Yes, of course, X-Tack is incremental, and we're happy about that. But we're also seeing really strong performances with both OverStitch and with the blue franchise.
Chas McKhann: It's a little bit of both, Matt. We certainly can learn some best practices as we've been through it now. But you are right, every hospital has their own processes. And some of them that we thought would go quickly, have taken longer and others have moved really rapidly. It's hard to predict. This is an area that it helps as we continue to build the team just to have more folks available to sort of shepherd that and manage the process. But I'd also reiterate, we also are very much focusing the team and we're happy to continue to take on additional customers and work through the process. But we're really focusing our sales team, especially with the new commercial leadership on depth of utilization. We want to make sure not only get the product on the shelf, but to make sure that we're targeting multiple users in each account and have it become part of the practice. And that takes some work, right? That's changing behavior in medicine and getting them used to using the product and incorporating in their day-today practice. But we're seeing positive examples of that, and that's going to be really our primary focus.
Chas McKhann: For the domestic sales team, we have - with the four additions, we have 20 sales reps and then a total team of about 25 people, many account managers and another role. The…
Chas McKhann: Sure. Thanks, Adam. As we look to the back half of the year, we don't break out the individual products, but as you can see from our results, we're seeing growth across all three product lines. So we're excited about that. We - as I said in the comments, we absolutely are expecting recepted a seasonal effect. I mean, last year is obviously a little bit of an outlier. But if you go back to 2019 and even before that, we have historically shown a seasonal impact. And if anything, it may be more pronounced this year, right? Think about just vacations and schedules. We have a big international business, as you know. And so, European holidays in August, all indications are, if they used to take two weeks, they might take three, right? Just - so the seasonal impact is real, and we're certainly planning for some of that I think the COVID piece, as I mentioned in my comments, I've been very impressed with how the team has managed through it, but we certainly see examples. And I think we used to talk about coming out of COVID. I'm not sure what the new norm will be in terms of COVID going forward, but we're certainly watching that carefully primarily outside the U.S., but occasional pockets here, so far, not a major impact in the U.S., but Louisiana, Florida are markets that all of us are watching for obvious reasons. And then just on the learning curve of X-Tack, it hadn't been in humans before six months ago. So we're still learning the uptake in both new accounts and utilization. So, all of those are factored into the range and certainly would see a seasonal impact in Q3. And historically, Q4 is a strong quarter for us.
Chas McKhann: Sure. The - so ESG in the development, you're right, the two major milestones in front of us will be the presentation of the MERIT data itself and then using that towards an indication. And as I mentioned on the call, we are working feverishly and would hope to have that the submission for the novo potentially this quarter. That's a 6- to 12-month process depending on the level of questions. And so, in our investor deck, we have a kind of wide range of first half of next year, and we'll update it as we learn more on that. And I focus on the indication because I think it's an important part of the answer to your question about reimbursement. As I mentioned in my comments, we're already seeing examples of our customers. And again, we're not promoting it, right? This is our customers independently following two models, both a cash pay model as well as a case-by-case reimbursement model, prior authorizations using existing unlisted codes and do it quite successfully. And I would say, especially for revisions of bariatric surgeries. And so, we're in the learning stage right now to seeing what they are doing and where they're having success and then what actions we can then would be able to appropriately take if and when we have the indication. And those two models, both cash pay and the case-by-case reimbursement with an indication, we think can be very successful in driving a lot of growth. While we would have been working on, I think the basis of your question, the broader coding coverage and payment that will need to also take place. And so we have plans in place to pursue the procedural codes, so things like new APC codes and as well as inpatient, but it is primarily an outpatient procedure. So the new codes there. Those can happen pretty quickly in terms of the filing after the indications, but then often take a fair amount of time to again put into place, so probably more of a 2023 kind of event. And then the CPT coding, the societies drive that, and they're working through it, but that also will take some time. As you know, the balloon codes we just got approvals for, they don't go into place until 2023. And so, if anything, ESG will probably be at least a year later than that just because you need the data, we needed to work through the processes. But again, summarizing, I'd say we've got a lot of opportunities in hearing now even using the existing practices that our customers are already pursuing.
Chas McKhann: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. The - not much of an update, honestly, on the NASH just because we're still working through - I think I mentioned on the last call, there are a lot of benefits to the breakthrough designation. But one of the elements we get is that we end up working with not one of the two agencies on the design of the trial because they both have a say in what it looks like. And so, we're working with them on the design, and I'm optimistic that we'll get that work through in a reasonable course. But it's hard to speculate on exactly what the trial will look like until we're a little further along in that process. And so we're working on it, and we'll provide an update once we have something tangible.
Chas McKhann: Yes. The - so first, on the account universe, one of the exercises that we've done with the new - since the new team has come on board is, we purchased very detailed level data on procedures and we get to by account and by physician of relevant procedures, for example, mucosal resection procedures that are being done in the goal. And from that, we can glean a pretty good understanding of where the procedure volumes are both within the hospital setting as well as within the ASC setting. And based off of those data, we've got a pretty good indication that there could be as many as 1,500 to 2,000 accounts in the U.S. Now that all remains to be seen, but that's based off of real data with - and with a pretty high cutoff in terms of how many procedures they're doing each year. So, we're still in the early days of this. And more importantly, we're going to focus, as I said, on the high - and even within that data, I mentioned the sort of broader universe at the top levels of that universe to get depth in those institutions. To the second question, the utilization, frankly, we're still learning on that. I mean, what we continue to hear is that X-Tack has applicability to a broader user base than OverStitch. It's pretty common for OverStitch to have, say, a couple of users within - even a pretty large account because of the learning curve involved with OverStitch. And - but in some of our early accounts with X-Tack, we see examples of the four or five physicians or more who are already interested and others who are learning about it. So, at an account level, the utilization potential will really be dependent on our ability to identify and train and engage multiple users who then incorporate into their practice. And so, as we get more data and more experience than we may be decision to give you sort of firmer numbers on that, but that's what we're focused on right now.
Chas McKhann: Well, what I said in the opening comments broadly is we have seen a growth in the number of accounts using in the quarter as well as the average per account. And so the number of accounts, which in the U.S. is now at 400 accounts who are actively using in Q3 - sorry, Q2. And that's driven by both our core GI, so call it non-bariatric. In fact, that's where a lot of people often start using OverStitch, especially if they are GIs. And I mentioned, we're doing a lot of training programs, you've seen bring people on there. And then we also are growing in the revenue per account, and that can be both from the core GI side as well as from the bariatric practices. I think we want to get a little bit more experience and certainly get into the zone of having a new indication to really be able to talk through the sort of endobariatric opportunity. But suffice it to say that we certainly have examples of a number of customers who have embraced that opportunity and being quite successful using both of the payment models that I mentioned before.
Chas McKhann: Thank you, Catherine, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. It's been a busy and rewarding second quarter, and we've got even more excitement for the second half of the year as we continue to energize the business and pursue attractive opportunities. If you have any questions you would like to arrange a call with us, please contact Matt Kreps from Darrow Associates. Thank you, and have a great evening.
Adam Maeder: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question, and congrats on the great quarter and echo Matt's comments. Jeff, welcome aboard. And congrats on the new role and Stef kudos to you on a job well done. Maybe just to start with one on the guidance. I was hoping you could kind of rehash that a little bit for us. Just walk through the different components there, assumptions for the different segments in the business. I think, Stefanie, you talked a little bit about seasonality in Q3 and maybe some conservatism around the delta variant or COVID. So, is it reasonable to assume that there's something baked in there for those items? And then just broad strokes, thinking about the cadence in the back half of the year, Q3 versus Q4, I would be curious in getting some color there as well. And I had a follow-up or two.
Adam Maeder: That's really helpful, Chas. Thanks for all the color there. And then if I can sneak in two more. There were a handful of positive updates given on the call today. So, maybe just starting with OverStitch and the MERIT study. I guess, the question here is, really on how do you think about a potential impact from a reimbursement or a payer perspective? When could that come to fruition? Is that a 2022 or 2023 event? And then you gave the update on the de novo submission for a weight loss indication. I think you said that's most likely a Q3 filing. I'm assuming that means ESG-specific label. Do I have that right? And is that potentially kind of a mid-2022 item? And then I'll sneak in one more, if that's okay, after that.
Adam Maeder: That's a great update. Thanks for that. And if I can sneak in just one more. Maybe transitioning to ORBERA and the NASH indication. It sounds like the path forward there in terms of trial design is still a little bit in progress or development. Can you give us any flavor at this point in time in terms of kind of what you think will be required from a clinical trial standpoint in terms of number of patients or follow-up? Just trying to get some sort of rough sense for when this could be on label in the States. Thanks, again, and congrats on the strong performance.
