Todd Newton: Yes. Thanks, Matt. We are seeing, I would say, a more pragmatic approach to the return to normalcy in the U.S. market then what we're seeing at least in Europe. What we're seeing in Europe continues to be just very slow at this point. But in the U.S., we clearly are seeing a great desire especially among our physician base to give restarted. Now in some cases the reality of having new processes implemented for things like patient intake within a hospital or facility setting that those are still lagging a little bit behind the desire of the physicians to get going but that gap between the desire and the ability to get going is continuously closing over the last couple of weeks and so we are comfortable to say that in May, I think we're going to start to see some facilities again begin to do procedures. And that's particularly in the U.S. Like I said, outside the U.S., little bit slower at this point. Still, especially in Europe.
Todd Newton: Well, it's a great macro question, Matt. It's a difficult one to answer, we have known for a long time and it's been demonstrated for a long time that probably the co-morbidities of obesity may drive higher cost in our health care system than any other identifiable factor that's been down for quite some time. I do hope that - if there is silver lining of the COVID-19 pandemic, it will be a - let's call it a clarifying the importance that addressing the obesity epidemic has on our total healthcare costs as a society.
Todd Newton: Yes, we don't have quantitative monthly information to share with you. But what we've disclosed in our Q and we'll say again here on this call, Adam is that January and February were tracking very well to our expectations and March, we saw probably at the same time, the most of elective procedure markets saw the truncation, we saw that. That was probably around the second week of March that we started to feel that in earnest right around the time of the World Health Organization announcements and of course, the President's national declaration of the State Emergency here in the United States that tracks really well with when we started to see a pullback on elective procedures. So January, February were great. March really saw it begin to slow down and slowed down fast.
Todd Newton: Yes. Any need time that you go through a cost cutting exercise, you're weighing long-term and short-term goals sometimes against each other. Nonetheless, we felt like that the actions we need to take in order to maintain our liquidity were the right actions to take. We have a technology that we feel like is very unique and different in the marketplace, so we're not really competing against another endoluminal suturing device, and as a result as we've talked about I think in the past, Adam our customers are - customers who are - who like the technology, very much and like to use it in their practice. So we waive those things and felt like the right course of action was nonetheless the short-term actions that we took and we'll figure out the longer-term consequences as we go. In terms of the where the personnel reside, it was basically across the entire spectrum.
Todd Newton: Yes. And so our Orbera business outside the United States is a very well established solid business. We enjoy in various different markets, aspects of reimbursement for the Orbera device that we don't have in the U.S. or in the U.S. is probably be considered fully cash pay, it's not necessarily considered fully cash pay in Europe, especially in certain markets. So it's been a good franchise for us and continues to be stable and we would anticipate that coming out of this COVID-19 situation that the Orbera franchise outside the United States will continue to be a very stable business for us.
Todd Newton: Well, thank you, Christie. And thank you everyone for joining us today on the call. Stefanie is of course disappointed she didn't get chance to answer any question directly, but should you have any questions or would like to arrange a call with us, please contact Matt Kreps of Darrow Associates. Stay safe everyone, and thank you again.
Adam Maeder: Was hoping to dig in a little bit more on Q1 just between January, February and March. Obviously with large kind of when COVID really started to impact the business, just wondering if you're able to quantify that to some degree. Just really, just hoping to get a better sense for what the impact was from COVID-19 in Q1.
Adam Maeder: Okay. I appreciate the color there. And then I guess as it relates to just the near-term cost-cutting efforts for Q2. I understand you want to be judicious with cash. But do you see any potential impact to your business from a competitive standpoint over the next three, six, 12 months from the lack of spend and then just put the furloughing of employees. Any more color there, is it manufacturing, is it sales force and just how quickly can you bring those folk back online and then I just had one more follow-up. Thanks.
Adam Maeder: Okay, got it. That's very clear and just for my last question, OUS Orbera sales were pretty solid, all things considered and ahead of our expectations. I'm just curious and sorry if I missed this in the prepared remarks, what drove the strength in that business outside the U.S. in Q1. And just I guess looking ahead, how do you think about the Balloon business in subsequent quarters just given that it is cash pay. Just any color there would be helpful. Thanks again.
