Mike Mahoney: Good morning, Rick. It's Mike. Thanks for the compliments. Just to summarize your points, I guess. We're really happy with fourth quarter. Excluding that onetime Italy reserve grew plus 9%, basically high end of sales, high end of EPS. And as Dan said, really pleased that delivered top-tier revenue growth and I think one of the few companies that actually improved margins as well in '22. So, we have a lot of momentum and we're excited, very bullish on '23 in the future here. On guidance, you don't win the day in February here. So we think the 6% to 8% guidance for full year is appropriate. For the full year, we're coming off a 9% growth comp in 2022. And we obviously plan to grow as fast as we possibly can we continue to invest in the company. There are a couple of things that will be in -- there are pluses and minus. We're very bullish on the EP business, our momentum with WATCHMAN with There's a couple of headwinds. We do believe on the CRM side. We grew about 6% or 7%, I guess, last year, 7% in a market that's low single digits when you include diagnostics.  So, we expect a little bit of a headwind there based on comps China performed terrific for us in '22, and we expect them to deliver, again, excellent double-digit growth but potentially not quite as fast as they did in '22. Also, the underlying markets we compete at about 6%. So, we think coming off a 9% comp, 6% to 8% full year estimate. This time of year, is the smart prudent guidance to give, and we're going to push to beat it.
Mike Mahoney: Thank you. That team had a terrific '22 despite all the challenges with COVID and all the different pricing tenders that occur over there. So, for China, in '23, we are very bullish again -- we do expect double-digit growth out of the China team for the full year. There'll likely be some pressure in first quarter given the challenges that they've had in China with COVID. So, we expect potentially some sales growth challenges in Q1, but we do expect strong double digit for the full year, likely not at the same level as the 22% that we delivered in '22, but strong double digits nonetheless.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. And the headwinds and tailwinds, maybe just some of the headwinds: we like the fact we did 9% growth in '22, but that's a bit of a tighter tougher comp than normal. So that's one.  I had mentioned China would be expect double-digit growth, but likely not the same growth as '22. And then also CRM coming off of a really exceedingly market growth quite a bit in '22, likely to grow more in line with the market in '23. So there's a couple of the headwinds, clearly, a bunch of tailwinds. The company performed -- continues to perform extremely well across the globe, Europe, LatAm, Asia-Pac and U.S. You saw really impressive growth across the company. WATCHMAN growing 24% for the year, Cardiology as a whole grouping grow 10%, PI grew 9%, Endo 8%, Euro 10%. So we have just very strong momentum across the businesses, which is obviously a bit of a tailwind given the momentum we have commercially. And we have incrementally to that some of the questions today on EP. We expect to have a very strong year in EP in outside in Europe and in Japan. Potential tailwind would be depending on when cryo gets approved in the U.S. So I'm sure how much of an impact that will have in the U.S. depends on the approval date there. Other products like WATCHMAN continue to do extremely well. We're really proud. We actually think we gained share in fourth quarter with WATCHMAN and ended the year just over 90% market share. So that business continues to do really well. And the one that gets very little discussion by analysts, but lots internally and by physicians is ACURATE neo2. We now have a large size. That business is doing extremely well in Europe, actually building momentum each quarter. And we're anxious to finish that U.S. trial shortly.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. On WATCHMAN, we had a terrific year in '22. As I said, maintaining, call it, 90% share, potentially slightly above that, grew 24% for the full year. It's a very healthy market, so call it, 25% growth we expect in '23, two companies in the marketplace today.  Similar to previous comments, the success of WATCHMAN is really manyfold. The safety, consistency and proven effectiveness through clinical trial in everyday practice at WATCHMAN, physicians are extremely comfortable in using the device. They're very comfortable with the support team they have from Boston in the lab with them and the referring physician community is seeing such strong benefits from the LAs procedure that is helping to drive that market growth. So it's an excellent market. It's also a product that's -- a procedure that's profitable for hospitals. And the procedure time today continues to improve, which is really important for hospitals. So the overall market context is very good. We have the leading platform, and we have a new product, new steerable sheath coming this year and the next-gen WATCHMAN platform coming about a year from now. So we have a differentiated pipeline as well. Neo2 is doing extremely well in Europe. We just launched -- or just having some implementation of our XL valves. That's part of the U.S. trial. There was, I think, some -- a bit of inaccurate reporting on that one. We do not expect that XL to slow down the approval process for the U.S. So that does not have an impact on U.S. approval. And that XL valve is important because it's about a one-third of the procedures are using that size valve in Europe. So we're doing quite well, growing faster than market in Europe without that, and eventually, we'll be adding that to approval. So we're excited about that. ACURATE neo2, we expect it to be approved in 2024 in the U.S.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. So on Apollo Endosurgery overall, it's really consistent with our overall strategy of category leadership, which is driving above-market growth and continuing to advance new therapies where we can be the leader. When we look at endoluminal surgery, we think that is really the next frontier for our endo business. And you see a terrific uptake of endoluminal surgery, I would say, outside the U.S., particularly in Japan, a bit more so in Europe and less so in U.S. And so we think endoluminal surgery will really continue to build momentum over the next coming years and Apollo is a platform that's most used by physicians pick outside the U.S. to perform these procedures with a product called OverStitch and xTAC. So we think the addition of Apollo into our current platform will obviously make us the number one strongest endoluminal surgery portfolio, but also put us in a position, as Dr. Duncan would say, to help train the field because these are procedures that require significant physician training to get great outcomes, and we'll be able to do that with the Apollo platform.
Mike Mahoney: On SOLIS with SCS, again, we did see some improvement in that overall SCS business in the fourth quarter, growing 4% in the quarter. SOLIS, we're pleased with the three-month results that we expected. We expect indication and approval for nonsurgical back by the year-end of 2023.
Dan Brennan: And then relative to the macroeconomic environment, Rick, the -- we kind of reiterated that 375 that we saw in 2022 as being a similar headwind in 2023. As you saw through 2022, we have a pretty high-performing global supply chain organization that has been on top of this all through it, and which is the reason that we've been giving the updates at the level of specs specificity that we have. So, as you would imagine, as we went through our annual operating plan process and guidance preparation process, they really dug in at a detailed level to try and understand what 2023 could bring. There are some elements that look better, right? Freight does work better. You see fuel prices and oil prices coming down. So, we're optimistic freight costs will be less. The supply of materials and the cost of materials is still a bit uncertain and choppy and that direct labor piece that we had that in 2022, you've got to annualize that in 2023. So, I think the prudent case right here, the prudent course for guidance in February is to assume that we don't get a lot of macroeconomic help in 2023, I'd love to be surprised as we go through the year that we get that help. But I think as we sit here in February, prudent to assume a similar headwind to what we saw last year.
Dan Brennan: I can do that. Yes, so the commentary again was 50 basis points on top of the 2022 results, excluding the Italian sales reserve. So that would be more like 25.6% was the actual, and then there was a 30 basis point impact. So then add 50 basis points to that is where you get the 26.4 just to give you the math there. And where does it come from? The short answer is, we believe all lines of the P&L. So gross margin will have a slight headwind from FX this year. Again, we said neutral to the EPS line, neutral to adjusted EPS for the year. But at the gross margin line, we're largely hedged for the year 2023. And with what we see with where rates are today, we think we'll have a slight headwind from FX in gross margin. But we still think gross margin itself can go north through a lot of the good activities that we have from our global supply chain team in terms of reducing cost and other volume improvement programs. And then tightly managing our discretionary spend within SG&A to ensure it's helping us achieve our strategic plan. And as we've always talked about, just really focused on R&D efficiencies and leverage. It all starts with a healthy top line. We think that 6% to 8% guidance versus that 9% comp last year is a good, solid, healthy top line, and that gives us leverage opportunities throughout the whole P&L. And we think each line of the P&L has the opportunity to contribute towards the goal in 2023.
Dan Brennan: Yes. So I mean the takeaway should be neutral EPS impact from share count related to the mandatory preferred conversion this year.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Travis. I'll take the Italy one first. I can't speak for other companies. I can speak for on behalf of Boston Scientific. It's been an evolving situation, particularly over the last few weeks here, because what you have is the Italian government passed a provision back in 2015 with regard to what I mentioned to trying to claw back some excess spending over the allocated budgets within the public hospitals in Italy. But for the last 7-plus years, there's really been -- it's been dormant. There's been limited implementation guidance, there's really been literally no activity around that. That changed, again, over the last few weeks, with some events that put a little more teeth into their desire to collect those monies. And so we booked that incremental reserve. We had a reserve on the books, we booked an incremental reserve to cover what we believe will be the amounts that we'll owe as part of that. We're obviously challenging it vehemently through the Italian court system as our other industry participants, we disagree with it. But that outcome will be uncertain, but we picked a reserve that we think is a reasonable reserve given the timeframe.
Dan Brennan: The '23 amounts are included in guidance. So the amount of the reserve relates to prior periods, 2015 to 2022, anything that's 2023 and beyond is included in guidance.  With respect to op margin, actually, I'm glad you asked that question because it's a bit of a juxtaposition with gross margin. So I mentioned that gross margin will be higher in the first half and lower in the second half, which is a bit of a buck the trend we normally have, which I wanted to make sure I got that point out there. Relative to operating margin, though, I think you'll see a similar trend where it builds throughout the year. So the gross margin higher in the first half, lower in the second half, but through the rest of the P&L and netting down to operating margin, I would expect you'd see a very similar trend starting in Q1 and building to higher amounts as you go first half, second half. So hopefully, that's clear, Travis.
