Todd Newton: Thank you, John. And good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining today's call to discuss our first quarter 2019 results. We are pleased with our product sales growth this quarter, especially for ESS. The constant currency information that we reported in our press release removes the effects of foreign exchange rate changes and provides a better understanding of our real local currency sales performance in the first quarter versus our GAAP reported revenue, which includes currency effects. Constant currency sales performance, also aligns better to what management expects from our commercial organization worldwide, that being year-over-year growth in the local currency in which our respected teams operate. In the first quarter of 2019, our Endo-bariatric product sales, which represent our continuing product sales increased 9% in constant currency. Worldwide ESS or OverStitch sales increased 17% in constant currency, and we are very pleased with this result. Of these continuing product sales in the quarter, about 60% were from markets outside the United States where our periodic sales reporting has exposure to changing foreign currency rates. In our 2018 year-end call, we said we expected our endo product sales in 2019 to grow around 15%, with a lower growth rate in the first half and higher in the second half. The U.S. dollar continued to strengthen during the first quarter versus the euro, which is our largest sales currency after the U.S. dollar. We will not attempt to forecast currency rates, however, if rates were to remain at current levels, we would expect the impact of currency on our revenue growth rates to decline as the year progresses. And at this time, we see no reason to change our 2019 guidance. I will turn the call over to Stefanie now to cover our financial results in greater detail. Stefanie.
Todd Newton: No. We don't have any metrics for you today other than what we said, which was we feel very good about the pipeline of activity where we are currently engaged in the value-analysis committee answers.
Todd Newton: Yes. We feel very optimistic about where we are heading into Q2 with Orbera. We feel like we have put in place a lot of good things here in the last couple of quarters to position us well. And as it relates specifically to any competitor situation, I don't really have any comments for you in that regard. And I wouldn't probably be able to attribute anything that we are seeing within our business to a competitive situation anyway. We just feel like we are making good progress, and we are happy with that.
Todd Newton: Yes, that is a great question, Matt, and one that I probably will not have a really perfect answer for this afternoon. It's obviously an area where health economic data is critical. We know on the clinician side, we know on the patient's side. For example, there has a great deal of interest on ESG but payers still need to see data that they need to see and they need to see it in a fashion that helps them understand that there is a cost benefit to offering a procedure like the ESG. And I think that is common for any type of area within medicine today. There needs to be a cost benefit because it is with the rising cost of health care, it oftentimes appears to be a zero-sum game as to how many dollars do payers have to, let's call it, cover different procedures with. So you do need to be able to demonstrate that by addressing any disease that it actually is cost beneficial to do so.
Todd Newton: Yes. Good question. So first of all on the mix here in Q1. Keep in mind, I think it's important to remember that the Sx launch began in February. So in relation to the quarter that we are talking about, even though it's now, 1st - 2nd May, I should say, that is still relatively short period of time that Sx was in the market as it relates to Q1. With respect to Q1, most of our OverStitch sales or ESS sales were still the dual-channel version of OverStitch by far. So we did have sales of Sx in the first quarter, but I would not say that Sx was a big contributor to our growth rates in Q1, that was still the traditional OverStitch product. And when it comes to the, If you will, the rollout later this year, we expect that to, obviously, change. And as we get through value-analysis committees, we have every expectation that we will begin to see orders for product and then with our training, which we feel very good about, our training skills, medical education skills. We are going to turn a lot of those accounts into very proficient users of OverStitch, and so we are excited about that. But it's going to be one of those rollouts that simply is an execution story where we do in fact have to execute. And now on the margin side, I think I will turn that over to Stef to talk about.
Todd Newton: Yes. And just to take the second part, I'm not aware of really a lot of push back that I'm hearing about. The value-analysis committee efforts depend a lot upon the specific hospital, depend a lot on the specific ASC. Yes, it depends a lot upon just when they can get those people together and also depends a little bit about the sponsoring department and how that sponsoring department - how hard that sponsoring department, I should say, wants to push. So the factors are probably just site specific and hard to really give you a feel for. In some cases, it goes really fast and in other cases, they can just simply drag on for a variety of reasons, including just peer scheduling reasons.
Todd Newton: Well, thank you, Kenzie. In closing, we just want to thank you for your interest in Apollo Endosurgery today. And if you do have any questions for follow-up, please feel free to contact John Gillings, our Investor Relations Manager. Tap the numbers that were listed on our press release earlier today. Thank you very much.
