Todd Newton: All right, Matt. Good to talk to you. So I think most of our growth this quarter really relates to people, who have been using OverStitch and had been introduced to OverStitch for some time. As I was mentioning in my prepared remarks, we have found and we found this over now several quarters that the medical education execution just requires that we continue to bring users along at their pace. But once they do reach that point, where they feel comfortable and confident in the product. They'd see all the different uses that they can – that have for the product within their practice. So, I do think we would attribute really very much of the OverStitch growth here in Q2 to training events at DDW itself. I think we would view this as being a reflection of things that have been work in medical education in particular that we been executing on now for the last many quarters.
Todd Newton: Yeah. So, basically, I would – I guess characterize or walk you through it this way. Typically, we would want to see that a physician has had some level of conversation with their hospital prior to the medical education that they receive for OverStitch. DDW is somewhat unique, because it's a big GI congress and they're going to have their own programs that will include suturing. So that's a little bit unique in that regard. But in a typical Apollo-sponsored training course, we would for example want there to have already been some level of engagement at the hospital level so that we know that that particular trainee is a near-term viable user for OverStitch. So that would – that makes DDW a little bit unusual in that regard. And then, it's just a matter of taking them through the steps and getting them comfortable with how to attach it to the scope and of course use the device in a variety of different ways.
Todd Newton: Yes. And just on the first one first Matt. ORBERA365. We don't really have any specific country that we want to talk about so much today. But in general, we have a goal in markets, which do not have ORBERA365, but do have Orbera to expand the access for the 365 products. So it's just an ongoing goal that we're working on all the time. And each market has a different pace, at which those things proceed.
Todd Newton: I'm not sure that the -- I would not characterize these as big studies. I think they are more rightfully characterized as pilot studies that both institutions are interested to evaluate how Orbera works within their patient population. But I don't think they are big studies. Certainly based upon the grant request that the two institutions have sent to us, no indication that they are big studies. And I don't have any information as to what they're publishing strategy per se might be or whether they will just use the information purely internally.
Todd Newton: Yeah, there's definitely a focus on the Sx from the standpoint of introducing it in new accounts. With that said, we've been now continuing to see really good OverStitch sales results over the course of the last several quarters and this quarter was a continuation of that, which is all about the user continuing to see the product is adding value to their practice and finding more and more applications for its use. And I think that has been what we've always seen with OverStitch. As the doctor gets comfortable with it they run into situations in their clinical practice where suturing makes sense and so we just see that evolve. And that's really also a reflection of what we saw in the abstracts from DDW. There was just very broad range of procedures that were being addressed in those abstracts and it's just very satisfying for us. Of course, OverStitch is a general use tool and we would like to see it being used generally and that's exactly what we saw this quarter as well. But the emphasis at the sales level is always going to be continue to support old customers but also, of course, try to drive new introduction at those locations where they have not made the investment in the dual-channel endoscope. And of course that's the whole purpose of Sx.
Todd Newton: Yeah, I think it really is a function of confidence and building confidence and for different people and sometimes this isn't really at all tied to the individual from a skill perspective, just what kind of time that they have to dedicate to learning about new product variants. So we just continue to try to be persistent with our training and persistent with assisting the physician to get -- to gaining confidence and getting comfortable. Sometimes that involves making available for the doctors some kind of proctoring, so he can learn from another physician who is actually very experienced with the device and that's a scheduling issue. Sometimes it's something that our sales rep can just bring along themselves. So it just varies case-by-case. And that's why we emphasize that the roll-out will continue to be deliberate because that's just our reality. It will be deliberate because of the nature of the physician community that we're targeting.
Todd Newton: If in the U.S., I think what you would see is you'd see primarily a 50-50 to 60-40 usage split between core GI use, which would be the larger proportion and bariatric use. And the bariatric use would be both for gastroplasty or ESG and it would be for bariatric revisions and endoscopic bariatric revisions. And so within that bariatric category it would be mostly split 50-50. So hopefully that's instructive. Somewhere between 50% to 60% what we call core GI uses and somewhere between 40% and 50% which would be the broad category of bariatric use.
Todd Newton: Yes. Just taking your first question on pricing, Suraj. This year, we did not have a price increase per se for OverStitch. We are rolling out the Sx at a price premium compared to the dual-channel version. But I think our economic rationale for doing that is that new accounts who want to adopt OverStitch are not required with Sx to purchase the piece of capital equipment i.e. the dual-channel scope, and therefore there's a justification for a slight pricing premium on Sx. But, this year was not a price increase year across the board from our stated pricing tables. And as it relates to utilization metrics, we're about the same as where we have been in terms of those metrics. We have roughly 300 accounts that we would consider to be our most active accounts. They are probably growing in two ways both in terms of their utilization but also in terms of their user base, because if we take a given hospital or we take a given clinic, it's typically not just a single physician within that clinic that is in the clinical practice. And what our experience has been is that even though OverStitch may come into a clinic or come into a hospital because of a particular physician's interests, it soon begins to become a part of the practice more generally and there's more users within that hospital setting that begin to be OverStitch users. So, the account metric is probably roughly about the same, a little bit maybe different from when we last talked about it, but let's say roughly these 300 accounts. But definitely we think that within those accounts we're seeing more physicians and of course more utilization.
Todd Newton: Yeah, you bet. So I'm going to let Stef here in a second address the gross margin and OpEx question. But as it relates to competitors, I'll just be very quick and just say, I appreciate the invite to speak about competitor strategies, but I'm going to elect not to do so today. So with that, I'm going to transfer to you Stef.
Todd Newton: Well, thank you, operator. And in closing, we just want to thank you for your interest in Apollo Endosurgery today. Should you have any questions or need for a follow-up, please contact John Gillings, our Investor Relations Manager who is listed on our press release today. Thank you again.
Suraj Kalia: Great. So Todd, a bunch of questions. Maybe you can help clarify this. If today, obviously OverStitch growth looked very good in the quarter. If I were to draw a pie chart today for OverStitch, what would the usage look like in terms of different categories? And primarily, I'm talking about the U.S.
Suraj Kalia: Got it. And was price a component of growth? I presume it would be a minuscule portion. But nonetheless how does OverStitch stand on pricing? And at the same time Todd can you give us some color on account utilization metrics in the U.S.? How should we think about it? The last I remember at least we had in our models like close to 300 -- a little over 300 accounts. But I confess it seems stale right now that number. Any color to help us better model OverStitch especially the U.S. would be greatly appreciated.
Suraj Kalia: Two quick questions Todd, then I'll jump back in queue. First, I'd love to get your high-level thoughts on the IGB space, and especially one of your competitors going down a brick-and-mortar route. I'd love to get that. Also, if there was any pull-through from the ReShape client base. And more specifically on OverStitch, I know Stefanie mentioned about some internal programs for improving manufacturing efficiencies. The math seems to suggest OverStitch gross margins are give or -- on a standalone basis give or take 45%, 46%. Where can that eventually land up? Just kind of walk us through in how we can get some OpEx leverage in the model. Thank you for taking my questions.
