Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Thanks for the question. Good morning. Overall, as we mentioned in the script there, we're very pleased with the performance of Structural Heart overall. We took the guidance up to the high end of the range of $75 million to $100 million, which includes as you indicated, WATCHMAN and LOTUS. And I do think having the combination of LOTUS and WATCHMAN does uniquely position us in a competitive Structural Heart field, particularly given the lead that we have in the U.S. with the WATCHMAN platform globally. So starting with WATCHMAN, your first question, the great news is we're on track and actually slightly ahead of schedule in terms of our year-end goal of driving 100 large account openings in the U.S. So, we're actually ahead of pace there, which is very encouraging. We indicated during the script we're very pleased with the clinical results that we're receiving and a lot of that's due to the very measured and we believe thorough training program that we've put in place. The implants to-date are being split pretty equally across interventional cardiologist and electrophysiologist which supports our commercial model. And in terms of the reimbursement, nothing really new to report there. We're going to learn a lot more in the second half of 2015, starting with the NCD. We should learn more about the NCD in November with a final decision in first quarter of 2016. That public comment period was closed in June, and we had over 80 supportive comments and very nice support from HRS, APC and SKY (33:59). So, really happy about our launch of WATCHMAN. Turning to LOTUS, we continue to be on track with the pipeline that we laid out at the Investor Day meeting in terms of the additional valve sizes and the 14 French catheter as well. And in terms of the share, kind of similar to the feedback that we had at Investor Day. We have about a 90% reorder rate with our existing customers in TAVR which is great given the number of competitors in Europe. Once customers use LOTUS, 90% of the time they continue to reorder consistently. And we have about what we estimate a third of the market share in the accounts that we're currently penetrated in Europe. So, we'll continue to expand new accounts as we continue to expand our training programs, and we make very good progress, we believe, in the second quarter.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, we're always – as you know, we've always been, we think pretty smart with our acquisitions. So over the last few years with the Bayer acquisition, EP, Alliant (35:46), and now the AMS, that we've moved into faster markets. In terms of capacity, we saw, as Dan indicated in his script, we have capacity for tuck-in M&A, which is what we've historically done since I've been here. And so I think you'll see us continuing to be active in the tuck-in M&A area, so long as it hits our strategic fit and financial guidelines that we lay out.
Michael F. Mahoney: The answer to your question is yes. That's really why we articulated that. We grew over 5% in Europe with that new cadence of product. And it's been a consistent, I believe, five quarters in a row of performance like that despite the tough comps in Europe. So, we have a very strong portfolio, and that's the portfolio that we'll be launching essentially in 2016 in the U.S. and then later in Japan. So, overall, it's kind of – the U.S. has some pressure. We called it last quarter. We'll continue to see some softness there. So, we anticipate kind of maybe flattish growth in the second half overall CRM. But we really build a lot of momentum going into 2016 with that portfolio and the launch of EMBLEM in the U.S. in the back half as well. So, I think the other good news is for CRM overall, if you look at the trailing 12-months, we're up 2% to 3%. And so I think if you look at longer-term perspective, we're up two to three points. And given the strength in Europe and as we position the portfolio in the U.S. for 2016, we're positive about, very enthusiastic about driving above-market growth over that time period.
Michael F. Mahoney: So we have Dr. Stein here. I thought maybe he'd provide some commentary on your question then I can add on to it.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, I think we really won't to provide any additional comments on the – on our – kind of giving a percentage on that. We're very confident in the data of WATCHMAN as Dr. Stein has articulated. We're very pleased with the clinical outcomes that we're seeing in the launch. And so we think the submission has unprecedented clinical data for it, but we won't provide any further comments in terms of putting odds against it. And hopefully at the end of the 3Q earnings call, we'll have better visibility to it.
Michael F. Mahoney: Starting with SYNERGY, I think the big difference in the U.S. and Europe, really the difference in Europe as well as Japan as well, is high variance, much higher variance of pricing country-to-country. So, we have been very thoughtful about which countries we launch SYNERGY in and which countries we don't. And so, as you said, it represents 30% of our overall Europe DES revenue mix but it represents greater than 50% of our share in approximately the 10 EU countries that we're selling it into. So, where we sell it, we drive over 50% share and those accounts are paying a premium. And there's many countries that we don't sell it at all. In the U.S., there is less variance in the pricing across the hospital system. So, as a result of that, we do expect the share to be quite significant in terms of the mix of SYNERGY. So, we do believe it deserves a premium but it will be a premium that won't inhibit its adoption. So, we do believe this will be a share taker and will represent a significant percentage of the mix in the U.S. once we launch it. On fully resorbable, we're committed to innovation. And we're only going to bring this to the market in Europe and in the U.S. if it delivers unmet clinical needs. So, we don't believe the existing generation products are able to deliver in a workhorse environment, and we're only going to drive the investment in FRS through the CE Mark and/or the FDA if we're confident that it delivers on the commitments and promise that we'd want it to. Because we believe with SYNERGY, we have a best-in-class differentiated platform with a very large lead in the U.S. And so, we're not going to – we're going to really maximize that and we're going to be really smart about our FRS commitments.
Michael F. Mahoney: Thank you. In the script, we discussed the – really the Bayer integration is going very well. We won't break out the thrombectomy and atherectomy sales separately given the size of the PI business. But that business, the legacy Bayer business grew double digits, much faster than they had prior to joining BSC, given the synergies that we have with our commercial and core portfolios. So, we're very pleased with it. We continue to see strong demand for the Jetstream product, as well as our below the knee product – blanked the name – Rota (52:35). Sorry. So, I'll turn to the MEDCAC Panel, I think, we welcome that type of dialogue. It reinforces a lot of the clinical research and trials that we've invested for many years in our Peripheral business. And we continue to be confident in the clinical evidence that the PI business generates. And as you indicated in your comments, we don't anticipate a significant change based on that panel.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. So, the alliance we have with Bard really works for both companies, given their investment in Lutonix balloon and our capabilities in atherectomy, thrombectomy and some of the complex PI procedures. So, the alliance is going well. It's very early. So, we're not going to break out separate sales or give kind of hospital account information given the competitiveness of that field. But I would say the early innings of it are very positive. The companies are working well together. They have excellent registry data that they've presented. And we have a very strong commercial team with a very wide portfolio to help them to leverage that. So, we're bullish about the alliance, but we're going to steer away from providing specific sales breakouts or account information.
Michael F. Mahoney: And, Larry, just on WATCHMAN, not a whole lot new there. Just to reinforce, the vast clinical data that we have with WATCHMAN. I would argue is quite a bit different than what we've seen with Lariat in the U.S. So, it's difficult to even put those platforms in the same bucket. And so, the good news is we've enrolled our first 50 centers faster than planned and we'll likely enroll our second set of 50 centers, the goal of 100 centers faster than plan and we're delivering very good outcomes. And we're receiving strong uptake from it and we'll get more on the reimbursement pathway as we mentioned with the NCD in November and the NTAP as well. So, we like the momentum that we have and as Dr. Stein said, we'll continue to layer on more and more clinical evidence on top of WATCHMAN to further differentiate it.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yes, Rick. It really is more about the OpEx, and we had talked about that on the Q1 call. But Q2 is historically and should prove again this year to be the highest OpEx quarter of the year, primarily driven by the significant amount of tradeshow activity in all the divisions. Think PCR and DDW and AUA and all the different – HRS, all happen in the second quarter. So, that's really the key driver. And recall, our range was 21% to 22%, so we called that that was going to be down from Q1, and were able to deliver 22.1%.
Daniel J. Brennan: Well, I think one thing that you see first of all from the first half of this year is that EP is growing, and that's been a big part – I mean, CRM gets a lot of the focus, but think Rhythm Management, that also includes EP. And EP grew 6%, grew 9%, so that's a piece of it. And then the other part, and I think you correctly call it out, is we have significant gross margin enhancing products coming out on the CRM front. So, if you think EMBLEM, you think ACCOLADE and you think our Quad system in the first half of next year in the U.S., those are all accretive to CRM gross margin. So, the benefits of that are all seen in the overall Rhythm Management. And the last piece I would say is as we talked about our plant network optimization, the work on the most recent one, which is the benefit of moving a lot of the Electrophysiology products from Northern California to our plant in Costa Rica, the work on that finishes at the end of this year and we'll start to accrue the benefits of that in 2016 and beyond. So, all those in addition to the many other specific programs in SG&A and R&D to drive efficiencies, has us confident that we'll hit that north of 20% number by 2017.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Larry. So, in terms of the second half revenue, I think there's really three key things that are the headwinds on the back half of this year. The first, and we mentioned this, is the IC comps. So, when you think of Interventional Cardiology last year in the second half, that grew 8% in Q3 and 10% in Q4, so 9% overall in the second half. So, we're up against much more significant comps on the IC side. We now are looking at CRM. We talk about that being flattish for the back half of 2015. Obviously feel good about the new launches we'll have in late 2015 and early 2016, and with Mike's comments, believe we're on the right side of a share gain strategy beyond that. But the next two quarters, should be flattish in CRM. So, those two – plus when you think of the operational revenue growth rate, in the first half of this year, we've had six months of Bayer revenue contribution, and in the second half, we'll only have two months without a comparable from the year prior. So, I think those are the real headwinds. We obviously have tailwinds as well. We're excited about the launch of WATCHMAN, and we're excited about, as Dr. Stein mentioned, Rhythmia, LOTUS in Europe, things like that. But the balance of it, we think 4% to 6% is the right range.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. I'll take the interest one quickly and then turn it over for the second one. I'd say the net of the new debt at the favorable rates offset by the fact that we have incremental debt for the AMS acquisition probably puts us in a $10 million to $20 million a year increase in overall interest expense, on an annual basis.
Kenneth Stein: Yeah, Bob. I mean, we've been really gratified at the demand where we've launched it. I mean, really, we've been really carefully controlling the number of sites as we bring them on. As Mike mentioned in his script, we're actually bringing them on a bit faster than we had thought we would when we spoke at the Investors Day. But that really is what's throttling use of the device at this point. We have folks really asking us, joining all of our training programs. And it's early to say who are the patients who are getting it but what we've seen to-date, both in terms of patient selection and in terms of patient outcome is really right in line with what we expected to see based on our prior clinical trials.
Kenneth Stein: Just the only other thing that I just want to draw attention to is in addition to the NTAP, CMS has also proposed reassigning into a new higher class DRG...
Kenneth Stein: ...as opposed to the DRG 251, they proposed reassignment to 273, 274 which would represent a 20% increase – anticipate reimbursement to hospitals. And we'd expect running about that roughly in the same timeframe as the NTAP.
Kenneth Stein: Yeah. I mean, I think the only thing to add, again, very early, but we've been pleased with the demand that we're seeing from docs in the U.S. who want to get access to the device as we launch it again, driven by what Mike said. It's substantially thinner. It's got a 40% longer battery. It's remote monitoring capable. And so, folks are interested in it. And then, also just to highlight that we're going to continue to develop clinical data supporting the use of the S-ICD really as a first-choice device for the broad category of patients getting ICDs for primary prevention. Really pleased by the pool of data that was just published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology and recently announced our first patient enrollment in our UNTOUCHED clinical trial, which is really designed to show that outcomes with the S-ICD in the primary prevention population are at least as good as they are with transvenous devices.
Kenneth Stein: Yeah. I'm not going to break it out specifically by product category, Brooks. Rhythmia, again, we are I would say well into the early phase of the launch and really very pleased with how the system's performing. It is really the first next-generation mapping system for arrhythmias – high density, high resolution. I can't tell you the number of cases that I've gone out and been with colleagues where you do the case and you finish and they say, gosh, we just never could've done this procedure successfully with any of the previous mapping systems. So, so far, everything that we've seen with it during the early launch has validated all of our thoughts when we purchased the technology.
