Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, Glenn, I would say that we continue to be very pleased with the strength of that platform. If you look in Europe, we finished the third quarter with 32% of the market, and we picked up 100 basis points sequentially from the second to the third quarter. And I would underscore the point that we're just beginning to get access to some of the tenders with Cordis' planned exit. So we did very well in Europe and in the international markets, as I said in the script, we're just beginning to get pricing approvals in key end markets. In India, we're ramping up the sales force and the dealer network. In China, we just got PROMUS Element approved. So if anything, there's more confidence in the platform, not less confidence going forward.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, I guess what I'm comfortable sharing at this point is clearly in July and August, the unit volume was down, down more than we anticipated. And from the best we can tell at this point, the combination of the vacation period, coupled with the change in employment incentives relative to the physicians, we believe had an impact on volumes. But as you look at September, particularly the end of September, the volumes increased. And as we look at kind of our results for the first 10, 12 days in October, they stepped up again, which gives us some confidence that things are starting to come back a little. But it's too early to tell, and we need to see what Medtronic reports. We saw what St. Jude said yesterday. So we need to kind of see where that goes. Relative to replacement, we're not going to get into a lot of details on the splits between replacement. I think people know that we have more of a headwind replacement-wise than the competition does, and that's driven by some of the historical recall activity plus battery longevity. We feel we've got an advantage from a longevity standpoint. So those are kind of the dynamics. As I said, last quarter, and say again, this quarter, it's going to take a couple of quarters to play out. I think the whole competition is saying that, but I would echo Hank's comments. The demographics and the patient pool will be there. We're confident of that. We just have to get through the next couple of quarters and see where we bottom out here.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, it's a fair question, Mike. I would say if we back up to the Investor Day where we laid out $650 million to $750 million of short-term opportunities, and let me just revisit those for people to remind them. $200 million was PROMUS Element. That's a full year benefit of PROMUS Element coming in, assuming we just convert all of our PROMUS to PROMUS Element. $200 million where these value improvement programs within our manufacturing area. $100 million to $200 million was SG&A future restructuring of kind of corporate functions. $200 million was project transformation, which was realigning the R&D function. $100 million was Plant Network Optimization, which was taking down plants from 17 to 12. And then we had a negative $150 million in there for the med-tech tax. Let me step through each of those. PROMUS Element hasn't happened yet. That's clearly a tailwind behind us instead of ahead of us. I think as Hank has said, we feel very confident that it's going to happen at or before midpoint next year. If that happens at midpoint, call that half that benefit. So that's future opportunity for us. The VIP program substandard, it's kind of what we do everyday. So those will come through. The $100 million to $200 million of SG&A, we just announced that program last quarter. And you really haven't seen any benefit this quarter, and I don't think you're going to see much benefit next quarter. However, 2012 and 2013, you're going to see a benefit, and we'll get a good size of that in 2012. So that's ahead of us. Then you've got project transformation, same thing as restructuring program. We've just announced that. That's the benefit ahead of us. And in the Plant Network Optimization, $100 million, we closed the final plant, which is the largest by far at the end of December. So that benefit comes in '12. And then we've got the med-tech tax. So it's a roundabout way and a long way of kind of saying that almost all of the $650 million to $750 million, we haven't seen any of it yet. And it's designed to come in, in '12 and '13. Now obviously, I think the next question is well, isn't the CRM market worse than you thought? And absolutely, it is worse than we thought a year ago, so that is a headwind clearly. However, Cordis' exit from the market, and we estimated that to be in the low $200 million of DES revenue that will be up for grabs. It's still up for grabs, and we haven't seen much of that. And we think the majority of that's going to come outside the U.S. and that'll start to free up next year. And then we got a share repurchase program. The Investor Day didn't contemplate buying back any shares and we bought back 30 million in the third quarter. We're going to buy back more in the fourth quarter. And we don't have any material obligations next year. So you can expect us to be pretty active from a share repurchase program perspective, as well as business development. So when I step back, Mike, and look at the whole picture, revenue is a little softer, that's undeniable. That's correct, we've got more headwind. But we've got ample amounts of programs that we have, as well as new things that have come to kind of position us pretty well. And we're in the middle of the '12 plan. So we'll be rolling it up, and we're going to share that with the street consistent with last year in kind of the February timeframe.
Jeffrey D. Capello: That's correct, Mike, and frankly, that's not far off where we were in Investor Day. So the basis is not terribly dissimilar from that perspective and nor is the $650 million to $750 million ahead of us.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, I think if your question is -- obviously, I'm not -- we're not prepared to give guidance. We haven't finished all the work yet. I'd come back to your first question by saying the same answer would hold true. I mean, certainly, the market's more challenging. That's undeniable. But with the Cordis exit, the share repurchase, combined with very good progress on the $650 million to $750 million, we feel pretty good. I mean, I think if you look at the $650 million to $750 million on the base of our operating income and compare that to the competitors, I don't think anybody has the number of initiatives we have lined up in the next couple of years.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So if you look at our guidance base, I mean, we expected a slight uptick in the fourth quarter in R&D, but not enough to kind of get us up to perhaps the run rate. I think the answer to that is going to depend on kind of our operating plan reviews that are upcoming. The $1 billion was meant to be a cap. We want to kind of limit it to $1 billion. But as we move forward, if we can be more efficient and keep the units of R&D rolling around at the same pace and be more efficient on the cost side, we'll look to do that. So I guess I'd kind of answer it in 2 ways. One, the $1 billion is a cap. But two, as we move forward, you probably see a little bit more R&D not less than what you saw this year. That's kind of what I guess, I'd be most comfortable saying at this point.
Jeffrey D. Capello: It did to the extent but we also had the supply of the inventory. So it's more or less -- it's a slight mix benefit. It's not a big deal for the quarter.
Jeffrey D. Capello: The way to think about it is, given we source PROMUS from Abbott, and we have a long lead time associated with procuring that in the relationship and at the midpoint of next year, we've been relatively conservative relative to procuring inventory. So as we think about kind of a mid-next year launch, we've got to look forward kind of 12 months to see whether we can use all the inventory we have in-house or that we're committed to buy. And as we did that calculation this quarter, we determined that it was $20 million worth of inventory that we do not anticipate being able to use. It's as simple as that. To the extent that the time comes in on that July kind of July 1 kind of timing, we would obviously have inventory that -- an additional inventory we wouldn't be able to use and we'd probably have additional ENO [ph] charges, and that's what I was trying to spell out for people.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. I mean, the benefits of us rolling out PROMUS Element quickly far, in terms of incremental share and opportunity, far outweigh any inventory charges.
Jeffrey D. Capello: I think what we've been seeing in the U.S. pricing, we've said kind of the 3% to 5% range, we're probably kind of on the higher end of that, at this point. And I think, frankly, outside the U.S., particularly in Europe, I think pricing has gotten a little worse, and I think that's driven by the macro factors that are in play across Europe. Volumes are pretty strong, particularly in the tacky side, but the pricing is a little bit more of a headwind than it was before.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, I think we said historically, an 18% to 20% range. I think based on where we're earning kind of our dollars and what we're seeing, I'm more comfortable at the lower end of that range. So I'd say like an 18% probably is a good rate to use for the next couple of years.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So, Tao, it's Jeff. Relative to growth, let's go through the regions. Europe had a pretty good quarter, frankly. And despite austerity measures, some pressure on procedures. We talked about pricing, and that pricing is a little bit more difficult in Europe for CRM. We still had a pretty good quarter, and we're just beginning to see the benefits of let's say the Atritech acquisition. That's going fairly well there. New technology, the Progeny launch just came out. DES PROMUS Element, keep taking up shares. So net-net, in a choppy, challenging environment, Europe performed pretty well. As you move further east, the emerging markets had a very strong quarter, and we're very pleased with the progress. As Hank had said, we've put in now over 200 reps in the last 9 months alone and trained them, got the right reps. We've doubled or tripled our dealer network, including adding some very strong management resources in key areas. So and we also got some very important product approvals and pricing approvals both within the regions and large customers in India and China. So we're kind of right where we want to be relative to the emerging markets. And just to remind people, that's a $700 million market growing 20% that we have less than -- we have a handful of share points. So that's a big opportunity for us. So we really like kind of where we're positioned, and we're really starting to get some traction.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, it could potentially, Bruce. However, outside the U.S., I think the market's doing better than that. I mean, we've always said, if you back up a year ago, we said kind of flattish market, then early this year, we said kind of down, kind of low single-digit. Now we're kind of mid-single digit-ish, if you will. It's going to take a couple of quarters to kind of play out and see where we land, but that could mean that the U.S. market is flattish to slightly down. And we're just going to have to operate in that market. The one thing I just want to be clear on, I think you said kind of 50-50 in terms of the market being down in units price. It's more 2/3 units, 1/3 price, just to kind of be clear on that.
Jeffrey D. Capello: I would agree with that, Hank, and as you listen to some of these customers, kind of talk about what their key initiatives are, a lot of them around productivity. Leveraging IT investments or design the way their supply chain works from a productivity perspective, the ring cost out of the system. We're focused on exactly the same things, and there's no reason why we can't work together to drive cost out and each mutually benefit. So I would agree with Hank. I think there are lots of opportunities, and we had a really good meeting. The other thing I just want to make sure people are aware of, and we talked about this when we did the Investor Day, when we did the 5-year plan kind of at Investor Day, we assumed that the price environment would stay fairly challenging. So, Bruce, your question was a good one, but through a certain extent, we haven't assumed that negative pricing goes away. We've assumed that it kind of continues. So we have that planned in as we go forward. Whether we have outplanned [ph] it or not, we'll have to kind of see.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, let's start with the third quarter and then the fourth quarter. So we put out guidance, 65% to 66% gross margins. For the third quarter, we came in at 64.2% I think it was, and it's about 110 basis point of PROMUS Element impact. So we would have been at the low end of that range. To me, that's kind of -- that all makes sense. The PROMUS Element is kind of a quarter-to-quarter. It's almost a monthly, if not a weekly kind of decision we go through in terms of placing purchase orders, in light of kind of the relationship ending with Abbott at the end of the second quarter of next year. So that's just kind of a decision that we kind of make as we go along and we kind of re-calibrate where we are and we reach conclusions on the amount of inventory we want to carry, commit to, and what we think we'll need and when we think we'll get approval. All those are variables that move. So that was not planned, relative to the guidance. So if you adjust for that, then our margins were a little lower, with FX kind of move against a little bit from a margin perspective, and that we also have lower volume. Anytime you have lower volume, you're going to have lower gross margins. That's just what happens. So as we look into next quarter, we're pretty comfortable. As I said at the beginning, to the extent that, that PROMUS Element approval moves in more, then we're going to have to look at kind of our inventory position, our commitments. So that may weigh a little on the 65% to 66% gross margin, but we're pretty comfortable with that margin estimate for the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey D. Capello: I'd point you back to Mike's question, which is a good one at the beginning. If you look at -- split it in another way, if you look at the initiatives we have that are going to impact gross margins, clearly, the PROMUS Element midyear, next year is $200 million for the full year. If we get half of that, $100 million, that goes right to gross margins. The Plant Network Optimization of $100 million, that goes right to gross margins. The VIPs that our manufacturing group kind of works on everyday that goes to gross margins. So we have a number of favorable tailwinds relative to gross margins and we're hopeful to kind of push those up, and you expect those to go up going forward.
William H. Kucheman: I expect PROMUS Element to be approved by mid-2012, number one. And two, I'm not going to comment on kind of the FDA process, but as a part of the FDA process, I think you know this, when you go through a PMA, there's a very extensive review of all of the data including adverse events data, and we have been very complete, very transparent. And I promise you, the FDA is very well-informed about this issue.
William H. Kucheman: Yes, Rick, I'll give some qualitative comments and then ask Jeff to hit some of your quantitative points. But if I look at what's going on in the market, I don't mean to oversimplify this, but I tend to look at it in 3 As. It's all about the appropriateness of use, it's all about the audits and it's all about alignment. And you weave into that, the seasonality factor and vacation. There is a lot going on. And one of the things I want to make sure is that all of us don't lose sight of, is that we truly believe and this has been demonstrated I think in recent publications, that there are about 20,000 Americans that die every year due to the failure to refer for appropriate ICD or CRT use in our society. So there is an underpenetration that the pendulum has swung given all the dynamics that we're dealing with. But having said that, as we exited the quarter, we did begin to see a pickup. Now can we call that today? No. And as Jeff said in his prepared comments, we're going to need to wait another quarter or 2. We need to see where obviously Medtronic comes out. But we're going to need a little bit more time to make a more definitive call now. Jeff, you can provide more of the quantitative aspect.
William H. Kucheman: This is Hank, James. I don't think J&J's withdrawal had much to do with the pricing dynamic we're seeing out in the marketplace. Yes, they're doing some things to reduce their inventories, et cetera. But as it relates to the overall general ASP declines, you're right. We see them constantly in the high single-digits, number one. Number 2, I'm not going to get into competitive pricing strategies here in a public forum, but I will say, there are certain cases, and you've got to look at each contractual situation separately, and you've got to look at what the impact of that would be in the aggregate, as well as local markets and then you make calls basically on what you think is best for the business. And then a couple situations, we decided not to play, and I think for the right reasons.
William H. Kucheman: Yes, James. Let me add to that. The way I look at it is for $1 billion, we are getting a certain amount of productivity out of R&D today. If we're successful with project transformation, we can amp up that productivity by roughly 20%, which is what we're trying to. And concurrent with that, what we're trying to do is to take the mix in terms of where we spend those R&D dollars and get more of that mix over the next 2 to 3 years, focused on the priority growth areas that we've covered with you previously, and we're on track to do that.
William H. Kucheman: Well, we have, on the INGENIO side, we have CE Mark approval for INGENIO, and we're conducting a limited market evaluation as we speak. And we are aiming to move into a full launch in Europe in the first half of '12, and we anticipate that we'll be launching that platform in the U.S., also in the first half of '12. And on the Progeny front, we are still targeting, as we said earlier in the script, late this year in the U.S., or early '12 in the U.S.
William H. Kucheman: Larry, I don't think I can add any color commentary to that. I think Ken did a thorough job. But the point I was going to make was the point that he made about how we feel about our RELIANCE platform.
William H. Kucheman: And on your M&A question, the short answer is, absolutely, we're focused on M&A. And we have an active BD process that we are managing, and that's all I'll say for now. But it is a very important part of what we want to execute with POWER.
William H. Kucheman: Well, I can't predict the future on that, Bruce. But I do think the dynamic between the electrical side of the house and the plumbing side of the house is much different. The platforms that we see coming up, I think, with Progeny are going to be fairly important platforms for us, and I think we're going to have some features that will really differentiate us. So is the price pressure going to continue to be there? Yes, but I think it's going to be in the neighborhood of kind of in the mid-single digit. I do not see it jumping up to high single-digits. Long story short.
William H. Kucheman: Well, I can't speculate on whatever data obviously, Bruce, that you saw at this conference. But let me try to answer your question this way. What we brought in and had a session, Jeff and I did, along with some other people with probably top 15 CEOs of Cardiovascular service lines in the U.S. here recently. And what – some of my takeaways were, and Jeff, I'll let you summarize what your key takeaways were, is that they are all in one way, shape or another, trying to figure out what ACOs mean, one. Two, they are all fixated on value-based pricing. That leads you to three, and they're very much fixated on, “okay, how can I lower my overall episode of care cost and avoid a patient reintervention because of how the dynamics of value-based pricing will work out.” And interestingly in that, they were not fixated just on price. They are fixated on a solution, sharing risks, technology that brings demonstrated clinical differentiation, as well as economic differentiation. And it wasn't just they want to play the ASP price card. So they're beginning to look at things like how can manufacturers like us help them with some of the challenges that they have with supply chain. Are we willing to share risk with them, in terms of some of the dynamics they're going to be dealing with, in terms of heart failure readmission, et cetera. So I don't think it's a simple answer to the question. I do know that they are very fixated on how they're going to be effective in the value-based pricing world, and they're very open to working with manufacturers who are proactive in their thinking, in terms of how we might help them deal with that environment.
