Michael F. Mahoney: Thank you very much, Hank, for those very kind words. And with the expected CEO transition date fast approaching on November 1, I would like to thank Hank on behalf of our employees for his tremendous dedication, commitment and leadership during his tenure as CEO. Hank has made a significant leadership contribution to the company for a number of years, and I want to thank Hank for his collaboration and your excellent support over the last 12 months. I truly appreciate it. So I was able to celebrate my 1 year anniversary yesterday, and I feel more strongly than ever that I made the right decision in joining this company. I have great respect for what Boston Scientific represents today, and I have tremendous optimism for our future. I have complete confidence in the company and the senior leadership team and in our employees around the world. This health care industry is certainly dynamic. It is under challenging cost pressures. However, for Boston Scientific, the global opportunity continues to be significant. And I'm excited and committed to lead Boston Scientific over the long term. So I look forward to leading the fourth quarter earnings call in January and to our upcoming Investor Day conference, which we expect to hold in February 2013. So with that, I would like to turn the call back over to Michael and go on with the questions and answers.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, a couple comments. As Jeff has indicated and we've talked about at a number of analyst calls in terms of how we utilize our cash, we're committed to looking at using about 1/2 our cash for share repurchase, another 1/2 for acquisitions that make strategic sense for the company. And so with that as a backdrop, if you look at our business today, as Jeff outlined and Hank did in the call, we have about 45% of our business today that's growing quite well, in our PI business, our Endo business, our Urology business and our recent EP acquisition. So we believe with the pipeline that we have in that -- in those businesses which are representing the higher concentration of our overall revenue, that'll be a big -- the nice platform for us to grow off of. And we need to work really hard, as Hank just talked about, to stabilize our core market share in DES. That'll come through once the long size launch that we talked about, the acquisition of BridgePoint which will put us in a unique position with complex lesions and then continue to improve our momentum in CRM. And I think as you've seen with the portfolio, we've done quite a bit in that area with the S-ICD launch and the new INGENIO and Progeny launch. That, combined with the lot of efforts that we have on globalizing the company more effectively. So we've hired new leaders in key markets. We're aligning our organization to be more nimble and more globally oriented to take advantage of that. At the same time, there's a lot of cost structuring -- restructuring initiatives in place. So there's a number of things we're working on, but if you look at that formula, the pieces of our business that are growing will continue to grow with our pipeline, and we have a lot of efforts to improve our execution and share position in CRM and DES and to leverage those global opportunities. And you've heard about the acquisitions we've made.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. What I've learned so far in a year here, share gains in CRM is -- maybe the marathon is a bad example, but it's more of a marathon than a sprint here. And I think what you're seeing in the CRM is just a -- the strength of the portfolio that we're building and the appeal that it has to electrophysiologists, in our defibrillator line, our pacer line, Atritech, S-ICD, as you mentioned, and the recent acquisition of Rhythmia for mapping for RF ablation. So our reputation and clout within the EP community will continue to grow. And, yes, you leverage our reliability of our leads, and the S-ICD, which is just recently FDA approved. And I think you'll see us build momentum in the future in the overall CRM and EP business. And with the S-ICD, we'll do with this very smartly with important physician training in select sites. And we expect to continue to increase the penetration level of the current sites that are using S-ICD in EMEA.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So, Glenn, it's Jeff. So, if you look at the midpoint of our guidance from a CRM perspective globally, it's down about 5% year-over-year. That's more or less what we're calling the market. So from a market perspective, I think you kind of have to kind of do the year-over-year comparables from a market perspective. And I think as Hank kind of laid out, I think we're quite optimistic with the new technology we have coming in, the Cameron S-ICD launch which is now ramping up in the U.S., that we're going to see some strength in that market, of course.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, I think what we did is we ranged it 67% to 68%, be disappointed if we weren't close to the high end of that range which is more or less where we were in the fourth quarter -- third quarter. So if you look at kind of the gross margin performance for the third quarter, it was actually very strong. If you look at the benefits we got from the PROMUS Element conversion and some of the cost actions, the Plant Network Optimization, the VIP programs. I mean, these programs are really starting to pay off and so those benefits offset but by some price at a 300 basis -- 380-basis-point expansion. And that expansion will be as big, if not bigger in the fourth quarter. So I think 67% to 68%; I'd lean a little bit more to the higher end of that range. And I would just say that you could imagine where we'd be if we had a better performance in the DES business.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, Mike, as Glenn asked earlier, I think it would lean more towards the higher end of that range, 67% to 68%, and we're -- year-over-year the DES performance is still going to be down more than the market. And anytime you lose that type of gross margin, it has a mix implication for the business. So that's the biggest factor, differential factor.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, I think that's a fair question. We're not in any position to be able to share guidance, we're still working through our plan. But what I can tell you is as we step through the infamous $650 million to $750 million that we laid out a couple years ago, maybe I can help you from that perspective. So if you look at the PROMUS Element transition, it was deemed to be a $200 million benefit. I've said along about 2/3 of that would be consumed in '12. I'd say another 1/3 probably is left for '13, maybe a little bit smaller given our share is going to be a little bit smaller. So there'll be some margin expansion based on what's left of the PROMUS Element transition. The Plant Network Optimization program is mostly done but hasn't fully rolled through, so we'll get some benefit from that in '13 as well. That was $100 million, probably a smaller portion will hit in '13. I think you'll find from a value improvement program, our cost initiatives. We continue to do very well. We kind of targeted 5% as kind of the number to take out of our standard cost of goods sold every year. I think our manufacturing group will overdeliver on that next year, which will provide some uplift from gross margin perspective. So those are the 3 from a margin perspective that give us some tailwind going into '13, offset obviously by price. However, from an operating margin perspective, I wouldn't want you to lose focus of the SG&A programs we have, as Mike highlighted, and I mentioned and I think Hank did as well. We were originally in the $100 million to $200 million range when we kind of did the Investor Day 2 years ago. In the second quarter of last year, we said it's more like $225 million to $275 million and I've been saying pretty clearly all along, it's going to be north of $275 million. And most of those benefits, you haven't seen yet. So there's going to be a good-sized benefit that comes through '13 and a piece in '14 as well. And then you got project transformation in which you're seeing a little bit lower R&D levels today. And then the final piece is the med tech tax. We had kind of put that at $150 million 2 years ago with a higher revenue. That number is slightly under $100 million. So if you put all those components together, I still don't think any of our competitors have those types of cost improvement programs lined up. Some of them are scrambling to put some in place as I kind of dissect as I've kind of watched what they're doing. But we have a number of them that are in place that have been in place and in movement now for a couple years. And now against that, we've got weaker end markets, so we'll just have to kind of sort everything through.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, a lot of that's going to depend on kind of what's available in the marketplace. I think as we've outlined, we're very positive about the technology we've brought in. And we're making good strides to kind of finish the products or get the commercialization efforts moving along. And I would characterize our capital allocation process as very balanced, having used roughly 1/2 of our free cash flow to buy back shares this 1.5 years to do technology acquisitions. I think it's just going to depend on kind of what's available, a slight bias for bringing in companies that have revenue today. That can be helpful on the top line, in the operating income and EPS line right away. Given that we've got a number of technologies already brought in there that were earlier in their maturity cycle, let's say. So I think I'd look for us to kind of do a bit of both, both strong commitment to share repurchase will continue, good cash flow will support that and then a part of the cash flow will go to bring in companies with a bias towards more operational entities.
Jeffrey D. Capello: No. No, that's all right, Bob. So let me clarify it for you. So the point we were making was adjusted operating cash flow before CapEx was $290 million this quarter compared to $380 million last quarter, but last quarter had an $80 million benefit in it for the termination of a swap agreement. So the $380 million, the $80 million was in the last year, so the comparables aren't really comparable. If you look at them from a comparable perspective, the cash flow is more or less equal year-over-year.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, with regard to the trajectory of the cash flows, this business has always thrown off very strong cash flow and we continue to do so even in an environment where performance in the top line is frankly disappointing, there's no other way to put it. And I think there are -- and if you look at kind of our cost saving initiatives, when I was speaking to Mike kind of laying -- Mike Weinstein, laying out kind of the different cost savings programs, those are all going to improve the profitability of the company, right? Now there'll be some investment against those, but those should help drive more cash flow. Our CapEx has been high historically. I think we'll relook at that, and then working capital-wise, this company has carried a lot of inventory, and I think inventory and receivables are a source. So it will depend, to a certain extent, on kind of where the guidance goes and where the end markets go, but I think we're pretty comfortable that $1 billion -- it'll be $1.1 billion this year in terms of free cash flow. We'll continue to generate strong cash flow. And we're going to be committed to buying back shares. I think the senior team and the board is committed, given where the stock price is that, that's a pretty good investment for shareholders.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, sorry about that, Bob. I forgot that part of the question. Yes, so by virtue of the fact that when we did the guidance acquisition, the way it was structured, we have intercompany loans set up between the foreign affiliates and the domestic affiliates, which allows us to bring back cash at least for the next couple of years without any impact from either a FX perspective or tax perspective. So not terribly worried about it for the next couple of years at least.
Jeffrey D. Capello: A couple of points. One, on the S-ICD, we think it'll be a -- it'll open up new markets and as well as be a share taker. And so in the U.S., in our recent post-FDA approval, our initial launches were actually competitive x plants where there were lead issues with some competitive products. So clearly there potentially could be some risk of cannibalization of our own share, but we don't have the larger share in the U.S. in ICDs, so we see this as a way to position the S-ICD to take competitive share with changeouts. And we also see it as a -- to grow the market. So we've seen a number of patients come in with primary care patients who have elected to choose the S-ICD because of their age. So we think it'll expand the market and be a share enabler for us in terms of the growth profile of it. That's one of the big reasons why we did the deal. In terms of gross margins, we have a lot of focus on this and a lot of it will be based on volume. So post the acquisition, our teams are working on integrating the manufacturing capability into our proven battery manufacturing at [indiscernible] Minnesota, as well as in Ireland, and so you'll see us transfer the manufacturing processes into our more high-volume CRM capabilities over time, which will drive gross margin improvements. You'll see us over time drive new releases that will improve gross margin to get the cost profile of the product down, and also, thirdly, with volume. As we continue to sell this, the volume will help with the gross margin. So in the short term, within the CRM family it will be slightly dilutive to gross margins, but we'll see that improve over time.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, so that's not insignificant, Larry. It's about a 200-basis-point reduction in our rate overall for the year, if it passes. And given the activities happening with the election and the expected transition period of the government, the lame duck government that'll exist, our assumption is that, that does not get passed. So if does get passed, our tax rate overall will go down a couple hundred basis points for the full year, which will have a more dramatic impact on the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So say 2% to 4% 2 years ago, that's where it was. Pick the midpoint, 3%. So the markets were growing 3%. I think as we look at kind of the composite of our market growth today as we stand here, it's probably flat to negative 1%. So it's definitely changed. There's definitely more headwind than there was before, which is going to be more challenging for us. And we're working through our plans with the business leaders today around the world to figure out what implication that has.
William H. Kucheman: Glenn, this is Hank. As I said earlier, I think in the U.S., we estimate mid to high 30s in terms of share position today and, obviously, that needs to be once Medtronic announces true DAP. We believe the competitive launch environment is essentially complete, and we expect to be in a position to drive our share position higher growing -- going forward. And that's going to be with better sales execution, quite frankly. And as I think we both, Jeff and I, alluded to, the longs, I think, will help us in some of the accounts that we've been locked out. The thing I'm really feeling good about is that we have successfully converted substantially all of our worldwide PROMUS share to the Element platform. So in a nutshell, obviously we lost some share this past quarter. The sales organizations in the U.S. and Europe are very much focused on this. And at the end of the day, in terms of how we perform in fourth quarter is going to be a function of how well we execute.
William H. Kucheman: I think my confidence relies in the -- this is a U.S. -- more of a U.S. comment, but in the tenure and experience of the U.S. team. We've recently had them in and talked to them about the current situation. I think the confidence is also a function of the fact that we believe that the competitive launch environment is essentially complete. So we can now focus on getting back to clinically differentiated selling and do that in a way that we have been known to do it traditionally.
William H. Kucheman: Derrick, this is Hank. That's a fair question. And if you recall what happened in the quarter, and I think Mike and Jeff mentioned this on another call, is we did a little bit of a reorganization within the CRV Group where we realigned some of the senior sales management people to have a stronger connection with our corporate sales team. And that happened over the course of third quarter. So obviously, whenever you do something like that, there's a little bit of a distraction that's associated with. And I think that was a part of what happened. That's behind us. You now have the team, as I alluded to earlier in my comments, completely focused on interventional cardiology, DES sales and they were in here recently. And I, for one, expect better sales execution in the months ahead.
William H. Kucheman: The other dimension I would just add is that we expect there to be to be pull-through revenue, so we expect to get into accounts, and we're already seeing doors are being opened that were not opened to us previously. When we get into those accounts, not only will we sell the S-ICD, we will sell the ICD and we'll also sell the pacemaker. And that all comes through at our variable contribution margin. So you kind of have to look at it as a bundle, and as a bundle, we're happy to kind of get that revenue. That's good revenue for us from a profitability perspective.
William H. Kucheman: With that, we will conclude the call. Thanks for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Boston Scientific. Before you disconnect, Brad will give you all the pertinent details for the replay. Have a good day.
Keith D. Dawkins: Yes, sure, Mike. As you know, the EVOLVE first human use trail was presented 12 months ago at TCT. EVOLVE II, which is the pivotal IDE trial, will start within a few weeks, which is both U.S. and out of U.S. And then in the first half of next year, the EVOLVE short DAP trial will be a global trial, 8,000 to 10,000 patients comparing 3 to 12 months dual-antiplatelet therapy. Of course, we think this is a truly differentiated product, which will allow short DAP, which we plan to confirm in a formal trial. So once we have CE Mark, which we anticipate within a few weeks, then we'll roll out the Synergy launch in countries where the CE Mark is applicable starting in 2013.
Keith D. Dawkins: Thanks. And thanks, Bruce. Interventional cardiologists like acute performance and they like safety and efficacy. And as you know, the data around BVS are very limited. In fact there are no published data in what you might call workhorse lesions, bifurcations and so on. And we feel therefore that metallic stents and now thin strip metallic stents that have been with us for 20 years will prevail in terms of workhorse lesions. Also you will have seen now there are recent circa intervention paper published this week which showed this late last strip with BVS, 16 millimeters to 27 millimeters over 24 months. And this is another watch out. We need to see the long-term data. We know that the stent takes 2 or even 3 years BVS to disperse. And therefore, this negates any potential benefit of short dual-antiplatelet therapy, whereas in Synergy, the polymer and the drug have gone essentially by 3 months. So we're very confident with Synergy as it will combine acute performance and will be applicable to long-term, to complex day-to-day patients that the average interventional cardiologists sees all the time.
Keith D. Dawkins: Sure, Larry. So in 2013, it'll be targeted accounts. It'll be accounts that are involved in the EVOLVE II IDE trial. And it'll be accounts involved in the short DAP trial. And so it won't be that limited. It won't be limited like the BVS launch was limited, to answer that question. So it'll have a good profile in Europe and other CE Mark countries.
