Glenn Novarro: Very, very strong ICD quarter. And I'm just wondering if you can provide a little bit more color with respect to the U.S.? Was the better than expected results driven by quad can and S-ICD? And then I had a follow-up on the revenue guidance for the year.
Glenn Novarro: And what is early feedback on the quad can? Because I know in the quarter that was launched more in kind of later in the quarter in June. Are you seeing EPs gravitate towards the product? Our research tells us that docs do indeed mix and match a lot more than maybe what we historically know. And is this what's also helping to drive the, what drove the better than expected results in 2Q and going forward.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And then just quickly, Dan, on the revenue guidance that you offered. Does that include the Bayer acquisition because by our map we thought that would, probably by the fourth quarter contribute $20 million-$30 million.
Michael Mahoney: Good morning, Glenn. Yes, we do expect a lot out of that business and we are really pleased with our performance broadly in CRM and in U.S. in particular. Also as Dan highlighted, we really do look at the business on an ongoing basis and the 12-month trend is a plus 2%. We got a lot of heat in the first quarter for a down quarter but over the 12 months it's up 2% and up 4% in the second quarter. You know some of the biggest contributors to that, you highlighted a few, one is a very strong S-ICD momentum. We have a lot of confidence that we will exceed the $75 million target that we gave for the year. And also just the richness of the pipeline that we are delivering in the U.S. with our MINI which is -- the device is about 20% smaller than competitive devices. A lot of uptake by physicians and patients with that product. It represents a significant part of our mix. We are also gaining some nice benefit globally with our quad platform and in the U.S. with the recent approval of the X4 quad generator. So we have a lot of positive news with our pipeline. We offer physicians significant differentiation and our commercial teams are delivering.
Michael Mahoney: Yes, it's certainly a part of the equation. You know in Europe we offer the full lead and generator for a quad solution which certainly strengthens our portfolio in Europe. And in the U.S. we do see physicians that are going to mix and match the generator with the leads and they have traditionally done that in other instances as well. And so physicians enjoy the longevity that we offer. Additional pacing vector that’s offered versus competitive systems. And we are seeing that as an opportunity to break into competitive accounts as well as to secure CRT-D business that we may have lost without this offering in the past. So it's certainly a part of the equation of our improved growth.
Michael Mahoney: Yes, it's Mike. I wouldn’t say it surprised us. Dan talked about some legal matters we are working through. But we are very confident we will deliver on our full year guidance for SG&A in that 36.5% to 37.5% range. So we are very comfortable with that in the back half. And as we talked about before, with the sales growing, the guidance of 3% to 5%, the ability to drive the operating income margin improvement. And we believe this will be the high point of our SG&A in the second quarter. As we drive down to our guidance for the full year we will drive double-digit EPS growth. So I wouldn’t say it's a big surprise for us. It's well planned. We have a lot of important launches and you are going to see the SG&A rate to creep down in the second half of the year.
Michael Mahoney: Absolutely. Good question. And I would say the recent highly publicized acquisitions that you have read are certainly interesting news. But I would say in general it certainly does not impact our outlook in '14 nor do we see it impacting our strategic plan and our initiatives in any significant way. I think what's important for investors and employees is that the company is delivering today. We are building momentum and we have a strategic plan that’s compelling. It's attainable. We are ahead of the investor day presentation that we provided 18 months ago. And I think more importantly, in our existing markets that we play in today, we play in very big markets well in excess of $30 billion, and we have ample opportunity to grow share in those businesses. And when we think about how we compete, we want to be the preferred innovative, clinical leader in very large disease states. And we have seven of those businesses today. So we will continue to provide tuck-in acquisitions and the right innovation bets to be really clinically differentiated and have scale in those specific disease states. And I think you are seeing the benefit of that strategy with our second quarter performance and the guidance we are reinforcing for the year. So I think the news is interesting but I think the plan that we have in place is very differentiated in the medtech. The ability to grow at or faster than our peer group and the ability that we have we believe to drive margin improvements faster, given the low base that the margins are currently at, which will drive consistent sustainable double-digit EPS growth. So it's really newsworthy but we believe the strategy we have in place is very sound and compelling for investors.
Michael Mahoney: Sure. I will make some comments on our DES performance and what's driving that and then I will have Dr. Dawkins come in on your second part on the clinical aspects of some of the competitive implications. So just overall, our cardiology team has put ourselves in a very strong position with our global portfolio. And we are seeing the benefit of that in Europe today with our three-tier offering that Dan outlined. SYNERGY, we are very careful with how we price SYNERGY. It's a highly differentiated platform. And so today that mix is growing. But it currently approaches about 30% of our mix where we have launched it. So we are very careful with the pricing on this, as I said. And we have excellent three-tiered portfolio in Europe and it's surrounded by other unique benefits that we have. We just received approval for a new platinum-chromium bare-metal stent for chronic total occlusion. So a lot of investments in the cardiovascular field starting to pay off. So good progress in Europe. And in the U.S., we are really excited about what's happening in the U.S. We grew estimated 10% in the U.S. in DES in the quarter of the heals of Promus PREMIER. And also in Japan we are launching Promus PREMIER really as we speak here. So there is lot of good momentum and then as you look forward, we expect the pivotal SYNERGY data from EVOLVE II in our U.S. IDE trial will be released to AHA in November. So we look forward to the coming of SYNERGY in the U.S., probably late '15. So good work by the cardiovascular team and a pretty rich pipeline that we are kind of tearing out globally. So maybe Dr. Dawkins can comment on your other questions.
Michael Mahoney: Yes, good question. So we are proud that our team is delivering on the commitments we gave despite some of those you have mentioned with hypertension and also the delays in Atritech, which we are hopeful that product will be approved in the first half of '15. But we are still delivering on the commitments that we made and ahead of the commitments that we talked about at the investor day. So I think a couple of things that are really in our favor. Our quad business is really executing nicely. We continue to see a steady performance and a lot of upside in our MedSurg businesses growing above market and strong market positions. A lot of international growth. So we expect continued strong performance there. And cardiovascular business, I won't go through every -- repeat the script here, but we have had a second quarter growth in drug-eluting stents and we are having increased momentum with TAVR. And our rhythm management business is strengthening despite the underperformance of our EP division. So we expect that to improve. So overall despite some of the slippage in the adjacencies -- and you are right, the impact to adjacencies will be less in '14 given the delays of WATCHMAN. But overall, the core business is executing stronger and our business globally is executing very well. Emerging markets growth is up over 15%, represent 10% of the company. So we have a balanced growth across the company and we have a number of also additional tailwinds Dr. Dawkins talked about in the drug-eluting market, as well as some other exciting launches and the uptake of S-ICD.
Michael Mahoney: And just in terms of the endoscopy business, it's not a concern for us. That business is very healthy. We did have a slow, little bit of a slowdown in the second quarter. We had some key product launches that will likely shift to late third quarter, fourth quarter. But overall, we don’t see on a year-over-year basis, any anticipated slowdown with our endoscopy performance.
Michael Mahoney: Yes, I think that’s a fair way to characterize it. I think we are very comfortable in stating that we are gaining share in de novo ICD. So physicians are choosing our platform portfolio more often. And as you said that success has been hampered by not having a full launch of a quad system which we now have in Europe but we don’t have that quite yet in the U.S. And the replacement headwind -- you know quite frankly due to some of the battery longevity benefits that we deliver. So we think that replacement headwind will taper and right itself in 2016. So we are facing those two headwinds and that’s being offset with positive growth due to the strong de novo ICD momentum and patient momentum that we have. So in the future, once neutralized for that replacement headwind and the full launch of quad, would better show the strength of the portfolio that we are delivering. I think if you look to Europe, we do have the portfolio today. We have the full quad capabilities, the S-ICD. We are battling the replacement headwind, at least the overall position is stronger in Europe given that trend.
Michael Mahoney: Sure. So in neuromodulation the business continues to do well. We did have -- we highlighted in the call, a slowdown in the second quarter and we anticipate a slowdown in the second half, given the annual comps. You the comparables in the second half of the year will be against a 30% growth comp. So that will be a challenge for us in the second half of the year but we still delivered positive growth in the second quarter despite some of those reimbursement changes. So as we look forward in the future, we do expect this to be a continued strong mid to high single digit growth market and we have a lot of innovation that we are launching out. The Spectra platform and more things in the pipeline that we will outline at investor day in the first quarter in '15. So our growth will slow down in the second half given those comparables. But as we anniversary those comps in '15 and strengthen the pipeline in a market that we believe that will settle into the kind of mid-single digit to high-single digit growth rate, we expect to outperform the market.
Daniel Brennan: Glenn, it does not. Since we haven't closed that deal, we have not included that in our guidance for the second half of 2014.
Daniel Brennan: It all depends when you assume a closure. I mean as we have said, it was $120 million business within Bayer. So $10 a month and whatever you assume from close date, that would seem reasonable.
Daniel Brennan: Sure, Mike, happy to. Some of that is expected because we do have a seasonality effect where we have heavier trade show activity as you would know in the second quarter. We do have launch spend. So the Promus PREMIER launch happened a little early then we expected in Japan and we had all the series of launches that Mike went through relative to CRM. Some of it's more unexpected. We do -- as our IRS case moves out further relative to ultimately resolution, we have more fees associated with that. And we do take opportunistic opportunities to look at investments in Europe and emerging markets to drive revenue. So all that, you know some expected and some unexpected. But I would agree, we look at it and not happy with the 38.2% and we would look for that to come down in the back half of '14 and into '15.
Daniel Brennan: Yes. I think with where we are through the middle of the year, I think we will be comfortable with a 12 to 14 range for this year rather than the 13 to 15 that we had. So we probably see 100 basis point improvement relative to what we had previously signaled on tax.
Daniel Brennan: It obviously helps but there are a lot of other things that help, most notably including a 3% to 5% growth rate in revenue in the third quarter and overall for the full year.
Daniel Brennan: Thanks, David. I think as you look at the growth -- and it's part of what Mike had just answered. So we have taken WATCHMAN out for the back half of the year as we anticipate approval for the first half of '15. So obviously absorb that but still delivering on the 3% to 5% for the full year. So it's really just tweaking around the edges to tighten the range as we go through the rest of the year. But still feel like that 3% to 5%, that zone we went in for the first half of this year, pulled through for the back half of the year as well for a lot of the reasons that Mike just outlined in the answer to the last question.
Daniel Brennan: Yes. No, and that’s a good question. I think first just to clarify relative to the overall. The 38.2% that I mentioned, that’s the adjusted SG&A rate, which is the rate for the quarter. As you look at being opportunistic, we will always be opportunistic within a given quarter if we see opportunity but as Mike mentioned earlier, we are still laser focused on delivering on the operating profit targets that we have. So we will make tradeoffs between gross margin, SG&A and R&D, but still very focused on the operating margin targets and the double-digit EPS growth.
Daniel Brennan: The biggest piece of that is seasonality. Q3, particularly in Europe is the slowest sales quarter of the year. So you lose a little bit of sales, the industry loses sales in the third quarter. So that’s the primary driven as to why the second half is lower.
Daniel Brennan: Yes, Brooks. Yes, but nothing that’s materially going to move the needle. So I wouldn’t factor it into your model.
Daniel Brennan: Sure, I can take that Brooks. The other IC, and again it's almost a shame to call it the other IC because there is so many good products in that category. But the products that we have in that to treat the complex PCI have significantly contributed to the overall IC franchise and actually to the company. Because if you recall, that’s a franchise that was going backwards in prior years. And now that that has forward momentum and it's not just one product. It's IVUS, you just saw we announced the new bare-metal stent launch in CTO devices, Rotablator. There is a list of products in there that are all rejuvenated from a product portfolio perspective and contributing to growth in that franchise as well as IC. I don’t know, Keith, if you have might any other comment as well.
Keith Dawkins: Thanks, Rick. I will just say a few words on the first generation bioresorbable vascular scaffold. As you know in the last few months, the recent literature has been has been replete with BVS complications including sub-optimal performance, mal-absorption, fracture displacement, stent thrombosis restenosis, myocardial infarction, and death. And last week in EuroIntervention Online was published the GHOST-EU Registry of BVS, which is the largest European registry, more than 1100 patients. And what caught our attention was the 3.4% annualized death from probable stent thrombosis rate. To put that, that was a one year, and to put that in perspective, the SYNERGY stent thrombosis rate of three years is zero percent admittedly in a more simple patient population. If we just dig down into these stent thrombosis, 87% of these patients were on dual antiplatelet therapy, 13% died and 55% suffered an acute myocardial infarction. So even the editor of that journal who as you know is a big BVS supported, cautioned in a short editorial that this may raise note of caution over the unselected use of BVS in an old comers population or as a workhorse stent. And as a clinician, I want to imply what is best for my patients. And frankly, the 3.4% one year stent thrombosis rate is just not acceptable. So we will obviously, as Mike said, look very carefully and we are very excited by the pivotal EVOLVE data of the SYNERGY stent which will be presented at AHA, more than 1,800 patients. And then that will be followed by a very large diabetic sub-study. So because of the very early strut coverage of SYNERGY and the fact the polymer in the drug disappear abluminaly within a few months, and we have seen already a PCR two-month OCT data showing strut coverage. We are very confident that we will do well in terms of stent thrombosis and obviously the acute performance is impressive. In terms of BVS, we note a low single-digit EU market penetration and that’s the fact that CE Mark was achieved for the product three and half year ago. And I think that compares strikingly with what we are doing with SYNERGY.
Keith Dawkins: Yes. So, Rick the 25 is being incorporated in the RESPOND Post Market study. That’s the 1000 patient post market study which just started in Europe and is on track. And we know from the REPRISE II data that more than 50% of patients who needed pacing, there was significant overstretch. In other words, a 27 was put in when the 25 should have been put it but was not available, or a 23 was put in when a 21 should have been put in but was not available. So we are optimistic with the pacemaker rate. We will fall in the RESPONSE study with the addition of the 25 mm and we are working internally on a 21 and 29 mm. When comparing different devices as you know the range of sizes, the aortic, annually that you can cover with different devices is different but we think 29 back to 21 will cover the range.
Keith Dawkins: Thanks, Bruce. I think I should pass that comment to my colleague, Ken Stein, who is CMO of the CRM division. Because WATCHMAN lodges in that division and Ken has been spending a few minutes on the forthcoming panel.
Keith Dawkins: You know I think, Brooks, also these are areas that have been neglected somewhat but Boston Scientific. So we haven't produced a bare metal stent for ten years and we have rarely refurbished the IVUS business, obviously new catheter, new software and then anticipate that we can integrate FFI next year on a very competitive wire. So we have focused a lot on the core IC business which previously perhaps just escaped our attention.
