Todd Newton: Yes, Matt. The growth appears to us to be coming from all uses of OverStitch. The core GI area is really going well. We continue to see great growth in just core GI applications, whether it's upper GI or lower GI. Most of that will be upper GI. The treatment of obesity continues to be also area of big interest for OverStitch from the standpoint of new users, but also, we're seeing that those who are offering the ESG procedure continued to do very well with it. They have good patient experiences. And of course, good patient experience begets new patient experience. So it's coming from all over the board, and we're very, very happy about that. We really feel like the promise of OverStitch is that it drives more endoluminal surgeries as broadly as you'd like to define it. And that was always the intent with OverStitch, and it's satisfying to see that, that is the case in the market today.
Todd Newton: Really, at this point, Matt, I would say that we don't have a defined strategy to pursue per se, the pediatric area. Our focus right now when it comes to the weight loss procedure using OverStitch and ESG is to support its reimbursement among the adult population. That's where the bariatric coverage exists today. And so we're going to remain focused on that opportunity. We do know that there is an addressable market in pediatrics. But that's not a core part of our current strategy at this time.
Todd Newton: Well, thank you, Matt. We, at this point, have not made that disclosure, but we will consider that in future reporting.
Todd Newton: Yes. I think what you -- we've basically been disclosing now in our investor deck and talking about this for quite some time. We have a very robust and healthy mix of procedure use here in the United States, whereas outside the United States, there is far more weight-loss application for OverStitch. And another way to say that is far less core GI use of OverStitch in the markets outside the United States. And as a result, it does make our -- outside the United States business a little bit more dependent on cash pay dynamics than we have in the U.S. And in the third quarter, we had a couple of the cash pay markets for OverStitch, where the economics just created headwinds for that procedure. That's one of the reasons why we're so focused on the core GI area, especially through programs like our core GI registry in Europe to really start to identify the uses in that marketplace for OverStitch that is not related to weight loss because we think that ultimately builds us a more solid, predictable business like we have established now or would appear in the U.S.
Todd Newton: Yes, thanks, JP. And so for Q3, we had a really busy quarter, as I was mentioning in the prepared remarks. We had a couple of major doctor meetings, where we supported training that they wanted to conduct with both product and also staffing. And so that probably makes Q3 somewhat busier than what we would have done in Q3 in the past. Just it falls under the timing of the calendar for some of these events. And oftentimes, a doctor will come in with a preference for one device versus the other. But we have, since the introduction of Sx, continued to make both products available in front and center in our training effort.
Todd Newton: Well, great. Then with that, operator, thank you. And in closing, we just want to thank you for your interest in Apollo Endosurgery today. And should you have any questions or need for follow-up, please contact Matt Kreps at Darrow Associates, whose contact details are listed in our press release today, and we look forward to opportunities to meet with you at a number of upcoming investor events, including the Craig-Hallum Alpha Select Conference in November and the Piper Jaffray Healthcare and the LD Micro Main Event conferences that occur in December. Thank you, again.
