Lauren Tengler: Thank you, Drew. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. With me on today's call are Mike Mahoney, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Brennan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We issued a press release earlier this morning announcing our Q4 and full year 2023 results, which included reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in the release. We have posted a copy of that release, as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in today's call to the Investor Relations section of our website under the heading Financials & Filings. The duration of this morning's call will be approximately one hour. Mike and Dan will provide comments on Q4 and full year performance, as well as the outlook for the business including 2024 guidance, and then we'll take your questions. During today's Q&A session, Mike and Dan will be joined by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Ken Stein. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on this call, operational revenue growth, excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and organic revenue growth further excludes acquisitions and divestitures for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales. Relevant acquisitions and divestitures excluded for organic growth are Baylis Medical, which closed on February 14th, 2022; the majority stake investment in Acotec Scientific Holdings Limited, Apollo Endosurgery and Relievant Medical, which closed in February, April, November 2023, respectively. Divestitures include the Endoscopy Pathology business, which closed in April 2023. Guidance excludes the previously announced agreement to acquire Axonics, Inc., which is expected to close in the first half of 2024, subject to customary closing conditions. For more information, please refer to our financial and operating highlights deck, which may be found on our Investor Relations website. On this call, all references to sales and revenue, unless otherwise specified, are organic. This call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, which may be identified by words like anticipate, expect, may, believe, estimate, and other similar words. They include among other things, statements about our growth in market share, new and anticipated product approvals and launches, acquisitions, clinical trials, cost savings and growth opportunities, our cash flow and expected use, our financial performance, including sales, margins and earnings as well as our tax rates, R&D spend and other expenses. If our underlying assumptions turn out to be incorrect, or if certain risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include those described in the Risk Factors section of our most recent 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs filed with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update them. At this point, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Lauren Tengler: Thanks so much, Dan. Drew, let's open it up to questions for the next 30 minutes or so. In order for us to take as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question. Drew, please go ahead.
Lauren Tengler: Thanks for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Boston Scientific. If we were unable to get to your question or if you have any follow-ups, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Before you disconnect, Drew will give you all of the pertinent details for the replay.
Michael Mahoney: Sure. Thanks, Robbie, for the comments. I'll start with the WATCHMAN, just an excellent platform with the growth of 23% for the quarter, 25% for the full year. Terrific work. And as you know, that product gets larger and larger for us. I had to cut the script back because the clinical investments we're making with WATCHMAN will go on for a while, and we can touch on those if interested. But as you know, we continue to exceed likely 90% share in the US. We'll be rolling out WATCHMAN Flex Pro, you know, more as a percent of our total mix in the US in the first quarter and throughout the year. So you'll continue to see that, which is a differentiated platform. So with the clinical work that we're doing and the WATCHMAN Flex Pro and the Steerable Sheath likely to be in the market in 2024 as well, we continue to expect to gain share, and we aim to significantly widen the market opportunity through these clinical trials. So full steam ahead with WATCHMAN. On FARAPULSE, maybe the most exciting day I've had in my career at Boston Scientific with this platform that we have, based on the results that we've seen in Europe and the enthusiasm globally for our PFA platform. And to receive approval today was really exciting. We did anticipate a first-quarter approval for FARAPULSE. And as you might expect, we expect the impact of FARAPULSE to be, you know, somewhat in the first quarter and much more significant as the year goes on as we work with contracting with hospitals, getting on contract and getting the capital approved and rolling it out. But we have a lot of experience in doing that through our European success that we've enjoyed. Our team is trained. We have installation team. We continue to invest in it. So we're really excited about aiming to disrupt the EP market with what we think is the premier PFA platform.
Michael Mahoney: Thanks, Larry. Starting with FARAPULSE, really very proud of the global supply chain team and what they've done over the past 18 months in the FARAPULSE Group that we originally acquired a while ago. But they've done a tremendous job in building capabilities to supply this for the US launch and to expand in Europe, and eventually Asia, as we just highlighted. So we are now significantly improved our catheter and console supply. We opened numerous centers in Europe in the fourth quarter and we're ready to go. So we, at this point, don't anticipate supply being an issue to continue to support Europe or to facilitate the US launch, given the capabilities and investments that we've made in approvals to manufacture in multiple locations. So great work by the supply chain team. And we're ready to launch this in the US. On ACURATE Neo2, as I mentioned in the earnings script, maybe just two overall points. We continue to do very well with ACURATE Neo2 in Europe, implanting, I think, the number 70,000, and continuing to grow faster than the market in Europe. And we are on track for what we have is called Prime in Europe in 2025. So that continues to move forward as planned. With respect to the trial, as I mentioned in the script, based on the interim analysis, we now need to wait for the full one year follow up of the 1,500 patients. And as a result of that, we don't -- we will not be receiving approval for ACURATE Neo2 in 2024. And we will wait until likely near the end of 2024 for the full readout of the ACURATE IDE study to determine our path forward.
Michael Mahoney: Lauren is not leaving the company. She will be around. She'll be around. We're still going to see her.
Michael Mahoney: We'll work our way in, right, once in a while. So we're excited for John to come in and Lauren to move out. No, excited for Lauren to go to Urology. Yes. So to answer your question, we are fully committed to the 8% to 10% organic growth CAGR over the '24 to '26 period that we provided in Investor Day. Absolutely no change in that outlook. And pleased with the '23 performance, as you know, where we grew 12%. So absolutely no change to those financial goals. You know, ACURATE continues to do well in Europe. It's a product that's used every day by many European physicians and we're excited about getting the larger size approved there. We are disappointed that we didn't get ACURATE over the goal line for approval in 2024. So at this point, we need to wait until the full data sets been followed up for a year and read out likely before the end of this year in 2024. And we'll take it from there in terms of the US launch. But we are disappointed we're not going to launch that really very end of this year and into next, but absolutely no change to our financial guidance that we gave at Investor Day.
Michael Mahoney: Great. Dr. Sathananthan is our Chief Medical Officer, as you know, for ICT and Structural Heart. Maybe he could comment a bit.
Michael Mahoney: Sure. Well, we haven't closed it yet. We hope to first half this year. You know, the team at Axonics done an amazing job with this platform since starting the company years ago and taking significant share and what is a strong double-digit growth market. The team at Axonics, you know, can't speak too much for them. It hasn't closed yet, has also done a remarkable job in a few areas. One at just the core technology where they gain -- leveraged that to gain share, the clinical data that they have, the commercial excellence that they possess, and also expanding the market through their direct-to-patient marketing and awareness. So this is a significant global opportunity. And the patient awareness of this treatment is still early days. And so that's one reason why we acquired the company was the momentum they have the technology and the long-term market cater that we see based on the global opportunity. The market today is reasonable nearly all US. That's something we'll evaluate more in the future here as to would it make sense for us to bring this to select markets outside the US, given the data that we have? As you mentioned, we have a significant commercial channel in our Urology business through all of our different business units within Urology. So this is an ideal fit. It is an adjacency for us. We don't have any competitive product in this area. So it's a nice adjacency for us that will allow us to compete more comprehensively with Urology customers. But we aim to, you know, take Axonics to the next level, but that team has done a terrific job to date.
Kenneth Stein: I mean, I love to comment on FARAPULSE. Again it is a very exciting day. Joanne, in terms of the questions specifically about Japan and China, right. I think we got to realize I mean, AFib is a global disease. I hate to use the word pandemic, but it is pandemic. Now and we're really pleased about the strength of the clinical trial data that we have as well as the commercial experience in Europe with, as Mike said, you know, greater than 40,000 patients already treated to-date. And it's that strength of the clinical data, right, that led us to the really, I think, rapid approval that we got from the FDA, and that has led us to update our anticipated approval times both in Japan and China. Again, I think having said that, you know, we look to those approvals in the second half. So I don't think we're going to expect to really see too much material out of that until we get into 2025. But they are both large and important markets and large and important patient populations that are currently really very much underserved in terms of access to Ablation technology.
Kenneth Stein: Yes, Josh, and thanks, Mike. I think it's a couple of factors here, and I don't know that I can parse out for you, you know, how much is getting contributed from each. But again, I think we just begin with the fact, right, that atrial fibrillation is an incredibly common arrhythmia. Again, as I said earlier, it is literally pandemic worldwide. I know, for instance, in the US, right, a quarter of adults over the age of 40 will experience Afib at some point in our lives. And ablation, even with legacy thermal technologies, things for us, like stable point or POLARx is incredibly effective. It's more effective than drugs. But on a global scale, it is still really incredibly underpenetrated as a market. And much of the growth that you see, really just reflects, I think, you know, increasing realization in the cardiology community, the referring physician community, about the relative efficacy and safety of all ablation technologies. And then you layer on top of that the promise and the data of FARAPULSE, right? And FARAPULSE, again, it takes a procedure that's already effective. It is at least as effective. It is clearly safer. And it's also much more efficient than thermal ablation. And so that, right, enables docs and medical centers to scale this out much better, right, and start to get into this underpenetratrated population. So maybe a long-winded answer, but the short answer is, right, it's both a dramatically underpenetrated population to begin with, and then on top of that, you have the accelerated impact of FARAPULSE.
Kenneth Stein: Yeah. Just a few clarifying points. Again, in Europe, where we set 70,000 valves and physicians use it routinely on an everyday basis. We continue to grow faster than the market there and have continued to done that for, I don't know, 10 quarters in a row. So we make nice progress. And we're excited about getting the large valve size approved in Europe. I believe in 2025 is the time period. In the US, you know, honestly, first of all, I would state that we've never quoted a market share goal for TAVR in the US. So we never said 20. I'm not sure if that was what you put in your models or not. But based on the results that we've seen in Europe, we've always been confident in our ability to have ACURATE be a meaningful growth driver in the US, as we stated in Investor Day. You know, as a result of this, we are disappointed that, you know, we're not going to have this launched in 2024. As we talked about, based on the data that we just highlighted in the script, and as Janar mentioned, we now need to wait for the full year data, the full one-year follow-up on the 1,500 patients, and then working with the FDA and submitting that and having a data readout by year-end 2024. And we'll take it from there. So we -- as Janar said, the trial is still active. So we do not expect any of this news to alter our 8% to 10% organic growth over the three-year period. We're coming off of 12%. We continue to grow faster than most all of our peers and drop EPS faster than our peer group. And we're still very committed to those financial targets. And we're hopeful that ACURATE will continue to be a big growth driver for us. But a lot of it depends on that data readout in fourth quarter '24.
Daniel Brennan: Sure. So the VBP assumptions are the same as they've always been, really no change there. As you saw, in December, when we issued the press release on AVANT GUARD, we moved up the timing of expected FARAPULSE launch to Q1. So we've been anticipating Q1 launch. And that 8% to 9% full year and the 7% to 9% for the first quarter in terms of revenue growth contemplated a Q1 approval of FARAPULSE, as Mike said, you know, there's probably some contribution in Q1, but more of that contribution comes in Q2 to Q4. So the 8% to 9% has that contemplated in the overall guide. And then pricing, so I would say on pricing is, we were basically flat in 2023 and the goal is to be flat again in 2024. So likely no impact would be the goal in 2024 versus 2023.
Daniel Brennan: No, all the days -- there's a lot of, obviously, a lot of noise in days around the world through the year. It's all contemplated in the guidance. All in the 8% to 8% for the full year.
Daniel Brennan: Sure, I can take that one. So as you mentioned, Axonics, the most recent deal we did. Super pleased with that. I think that is a classic tuck-in for Boston Scientific. It's one, I think, we -- as you look back, these types of deals, we really do well with and we're super excited to have that close and welcome the Axonics team into the BSE family. As you said, we've been remarkably consistent over a long period of time. Tuck-in M&A is still the number one capital allocation priority for us and will continue to be active. In terms of how active over the near-to medium-term. This is not a major event like a major delevering event that we need to do. This is -- take on a little bit of additional debt over a period of time. And then over a very reasonable period of time, we'll be right back to where we are today relative to our leverage goal. So I look us -- I look for us to continue to be active in the tuck-in M&A space in '24 and beyond.
Daniel Brennan: Yeah, I can give you the short answer and a little bit longer answer. So the short one is that we've contemplated all that. Our team is super close to everything relative to our global supply chain network. And so there -- everything that we have in the guidance that we gave contemplates what we know today and what -- and the guidance that they're giving us on that, which -- the impact is minimal. Overall on gross margin, the little bit longer answer. You know, if you look at '23, we came in pretty much right where we expected at that 70.7%. And then, as we said at the Investor Day in September, we said it would be a challenge to contribute to our margin expansion goals in '24, right, which that's probably going to prove out to be true because we're saying we'll be either at or slightly below. But that's okay, as there are many other areas of the P&L, and as you know, we have a pretty solid track record over time of managing all those lines of the P&L to drive margin expansion, most recently that 70 basis points last year. So for '24, I'd kind of point to two headwinds and two tailwinds that will play out, and, again, have us at that kind of at or slightly below the 70.7% we put up last year. And one is inflation. And that's probably a little bit of a tailwind, right? So the macro factors are improving, in general, relative to inflation and other things. But as a reminder, we entered into, you know, contracts for many elements of materials for 2024 already last year. So we don't see that full benefit. But in '25 and '26, I'd like to believe there's even more benefit there, not only from the macro side of inflation, but also for gross margin in total. And then our mix, so you know, getting the FARAPULSE approval today, that's exciting because that's a great mix thing for the company, and many of our other launches are as well. And then on the headwind side, foreign exchange was a headwind in '23, that continue in '24. And as I said, at Investor Day, good problem to have, but we also need to make investments in manufacturing capacity to support the sales growth, you know, growing 12% last year and then 8% to 9% this year. But we're absolutely committed to the 150 basis points over three years. Gross margin probably won't pay a lot of bills for us in '24, but I think it certainly will in '25 and '26. Recall, we used to be north of 72% back in 2019. And we are maniacally focused to get there and then to get the overall operating margin kind of, you know, on the doorstep of 28 when we get to 2026. And that puts that 30% long-term goal that we've had kind of right in our line of sight as we're in 2026.
