Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, I would say the momentum coming out of the first quarter is solid, as we said, across the majority of the businesses and regions, which is the biggest reason that led us to take the increase up to 5% to 7% for the second quarter and 5% to 7% for the year. So we're very comfortable with that range as we look at the quarter and the full year. As Mike outlined, some of the areas that we see pressure in DES and in pacer, those are probably some of the things that could put you towards that low end of the range, if those didn't go our way, but that's not what we're anticipating based on the ranges that we have and the momentum that we have in the global diversified business that is Boston Scientific.
Daniel J. Brennan: And in terms of the margin, Bob, simply put, all of that's contemplated in the 25.5% to 25.75% for the year and also, the 28% in 2020. To the extent that we do a deal that has any dilution in it, we make the appropriate tradeoffs to still deliver on the commitments and then obviously everything becomes accretive in the longer term. So, all contemplated within our goals that we establish.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, Danielle, this is Dan. I had a little bit of this in the prepared remarks around the overall goal. So what we used to talk about was kind of a 23% for the old Rhythm Management segment, and that's kind of still – 23% plus is still where we would see the Rhythm and Neuro segment going. It was a little over 20% here in Q1. So there are some good synergies and advantages to bringing the active implantables together, as Mike had mentioned, to bring the Rhythm and Neuro segments together. But at the margin level, I think we're on track for where we said this year and on track for the 28% for 2020.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, it definitely is an inflection point for us. We'll have much better ability to deploy our capital than we would have over the last really five, six, seven years as we get into 2019 and 2020. But I don't think we change the playbook at that point. It's still about category leadership. It's still about being as deep in each of the verticals that we have and supporting that. You've seen an example of that, as Mike ticked through the deals we have done here and either closed or announced in Q1. And just because there's more cash available, relative to 2019 and 2020, I think the strategy remains the same.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, Josh, you were breaking up a little bit at the end, but I think it's on 2018 guidance and why can't it be a little bit higher. At the 25.5% to 25.75%, feel like that's appropriate guidance. Gross margin was a little hot in Q1 at 72.3%. You'll see from the guide we have that at a 71.75% for Q2. There's a little bit more sequential pressure relative to FX on gross margin. So we still think 72% is the right number there. So there's not, I don't think, a ton of upside on that front. We did give the EPS upside from the additional sales for the year of raising the range up to 7%. There's a piece of that in the EPS guide up to $1.37 to $1.41. So, feel like the 25.5% to 25.75% at this point in the year is an appropriate guide, given the top line raise and the bottom line raise.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. So overall, I would say we're quite pleased with our first quarter IC performance. It was really in line with what we expected. Just a couple broader points. Kevin and the team continue to rapidly diversify that business globally. Our complex coronary business will likely be equal to the size of our DES business, probably end of 2019, and then you have a rapid growing structural heart business on top of that. So, that business continues to diversify significantly beyond DES over the years here. You know, within DES itself, continues to be a key cash driver for the company to enable us to invest in structural heart and other initiatives. I think the good news there is you're seeing growth in Europe. So, after all the trialing of lots of competitive different offerings, you've seen low-single-digit growth in Europe. We anticipated softness in the U.S. in first quarter and through the full year due to some tougher comps in DES, but also competitive trialing, but we like our long-term prospects in DES of new products coming plus the growth over in Europe. I think the stars that are getting larger and larger, which continue to kind of reshape the composite mix of IC, are complex coronary and structural heart. WATCHMAN continues to do extremely well. We're on track to deliver the $400 million of structural heart guidance. The utilization of WATCHMAN continues to increase, and we also are enrolling in our next gen WATCHMAN device in Europe and we'll start that in the second quarter here in the U.S. ACURATE, really pleased with that. Sometimes you do acquisitions and this integration's been like five stars across the board. Our supply chain team has tripled production. We have next generation ACURATE. We'll launch in the second half with an advanced seal. We'll enroll that at the full clinical trial, SCOPE I and SCOPE II. And we'll launch the U.S. IDE shortly here. So that team really is delivering. And that's against in some markets where we're not approved yet. We're not approved for reimbursement yet in France. So, we're very bullish on ACURATE and WATCHMAN, complex coronary and we feel like we'll manage the near-term headwinds in DES. And if Europe's an indicator, that will get back to growth. But that's all been contemplated in the guidance.
Michael F. Mahoney: I think the market's been pretty consistent over the past probably one or two years. I think we just have very strong portfolio in defib. The product that gets the least amount of attention that continues to grow double-digit is S-ICD. So that platform has become quite significant in terms of dollar revenue and is growing strongly in all major markets: U.S., Europe, and Asia-Pac. And we have some additional enhancements to further simplify that product coming and some additional clinical data. So, that's ICD. For some reason, it floats a bit under the radar. But that's a terrific driver for us, as well as a mix driver. And then Resonate, the new platform there, that was years in the development, probably seven years of development with our HeartLogic diagnostic tool. And that's providing very unique competitive differentiation. So, that and then the replacement cycle, we talked about that contributing maybe a point of growth and that's in line. So, I think it's very strong portfolio and execution by our global CRM team.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. So, Dan can touch on the margins. So, these are five deals, two that are more to further strengthen our core. And these two are quite small; the EmCision deal in Endo and Securus and you'll see a little bit of revenue from those. You'll see revenue from those, I should say, in 2019. And then three maybe more strategic and larger opportunities are all in either adjacent markets that are high growth, or new white space. And Millipede, clearly a larger investment where we have the option to acquire that. Both parties do, actually. That would be a longer-term play, given the mitral repair market and the clinical requirements there. So you're not going to see any revenue in 2019 and 2020 from Millipede. But NxThera and nVision, two really exciting opportunities in, call it either adjacent markets or white space. You'll see some revenue with NxThera in 2018, and we expect some strong momentum out of NxThera in 2019, and similarly in nVision. There will be a little bit of revenue in 2018 and stronger contribution in 2019.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Couldn't be more pleased with the progress that WATCHMAN's making globally. We didn't take our number up. We do think there potentially could be some upside. So we'll see what happens later in the year with that number. But it's doing extremely well. The bulk of the growth is in the U.S., but we're also expanding into China. And we're also excited about the clinical trial completion in Japan, which will be a very big market that will launch in the second half of next year. So for us, what's the most important metric is utilization rate. So we open up new centers, but the new center openings slow down over time given the presence that we already have. So it's really about the safety profile, great outcomes, and utilization. And we continue to see an increase in utilization rates across our base of existing centers.
Michael F. Mahoney: Great. Thank you. So I think this is very consistent across all of our businesses is growing our core markets, our traditional ones in biliary and others, for example, in hemostasis and Endo, but then branching off into faster growth and new innovative markets. And the acquisitions that we tick through really support that in new adjacencies and new white space, so we can deliver significantly above peer growth for the long term. Specifically to endoscopy, endoluminal surgery is a investment that we've been making for multiple years under Dave Pierce's leadership and now Art Butcher. We see a large opportunity to, over time, move more general surgery procedures over to less invasive interventional approaches. The team, for lack of a better word, has pulled together a toolkit of internal organic R&D efforts as well as maybe two or three small tuck-in deals to do that. And so, this Orise product allows us to get after esophageal cancer and other cancer interventional techniques to hopefully avoid general surgery. And so, we think we're leading the way in terms of physician training in Japan. That's actually quite a bit more mature in this market and we'll do a lot of physician training in the U.S. I think over time here our goal is just to slowly help convert more general surgery procedures to less invasive interventional techniques. And we're pulling together the capabilities and the training to do that. So that'll continue to be another branch of growth for Endo beyond our pathology and infection prevention which are also recent new markets that they've moved into.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. On LOTUS, there really is no change there. It's our intention and our goal is to bring LOTUS back to market in Europe and the U.S. in 2019. We made the commitment that we wouldn't comment on that until we passed the technical and testing hurdles that we require of ourselves internally. So, we'll keep you posted on that. And really, I wouldn't comment any further on clinical requirements in Europe or U.S. until we get through the quality and testing that needs to be done. On Edwards litigation, really no further comments there. We're pleased with the really strong outcomes that we've seen in Europe on the litigation front. But I wouldn't comment any further.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. I'll comment on the first one. There's really not much to say. On the first one, there's really not much to comment on other than the France reimbursement comment I made in 2020. Really in Europe, beyond the French reimbursement, it's been a matter of us scaling up production, which we continue to do successfully, training our clinical team and commercial team on ACURATE. And we continue to make a lot of progress there and build momentum. And we're confident we'll continue to see strong growth out of ACURATE. But we'll be selling into most major markets in Europe, with the exception of France, without reimbursement. And then we'll be hopefully enrolling, as part of the U.S. trial, Japan as well, in the future for ACURATE. So that's probably the only comment I can make on it. We just continue to invest in the platform on the portfolio side, on the clinical capabilities. And we are seeing growth, not only in existing customers who are using it more often, but also in new customer accounts as well. We've had particular success in the UK and the Nordics and we're continuing to build up our capabilities in Germany.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. So on brady, it's been in line with what we expected. We do have some tough comps. We had very tough comps in the first quarter. We had tough comps again second quarter and they get a bit easier in the second half of the year. So, there's a lot of efforts there. We have a couple product gaps that we're trying to fill on CRTP with MRI. That's in process that we're confident we'll move forward with. We are seeing a little bit of impact on leadless pacemaking in some markets. So there's a few product gaps that we're working to fill and some difficult comps. But we really feel like when we give guidance, we give guidance to execute upon it. We've had a really good track record on that. And a bit softer pacemaker result is anticipated in that guidance and well offset by the defib performance.
