Susan Vissers Lisa: Thank you, David. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mahoney, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Dan Brennan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We issued a press release earlier this morning announcing our Q4 2016 results, which included reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in the release. We have posted a copy of that release, as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in today's call to the Investor Relations section of our website under the heading Financial Information. The duration of this morning's call will be approximately one hour. Mike will provide strategic and revenue highlights of Q4 2016 and full year 2016. Dan will review the financials for the quarter and then Q1 2017 and full year 2017 guidance, and then we'll take your questions. During today's Q&A session, Mike and Dan will be joined by our Chief Medical Officers, Dr. Ian Meredith and Dr. Ken Stein. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on the call, organic revenue growth is defined as excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and sales from the acquisition of EndoChoice over the relevant prior year period. Also of note, this call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, which may be identified by words like anticipate, expect, believe, estimate, and other similar words. They include, among other things, statements about our growth and market share, new product approvals and launches, clinical trials, cost savings and growth opportunities, our cash flow and expected use, our financial performance including sales, margins, earnings and other Q1 and full year 2017 guidance, as well as our tax rates, R&D spend and other expenses. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include those described in the Risk Factors section of our most recent 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs filed with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update them. At this point, I'll turn it over to Mike for his comments. Thanks Mike.
Susan Vissers Lisa: Thanks, Daniel. David, let's open it up to questions for the next 30 minutes or so. In order to enable us to take as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. David, please go ahead.
Susan Vissers Lisa: All right. David, with that, we'd like to conclude the call. Thanks for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Boston Scientific. And before you disconnect, David will give you all the pertinent details for the replay. Thank you again.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Mike. Thanks. I'll take the cadence of growth and then Mike can take the other two. In terms of that, I think it really comes down to comps. So obviously very pleased with the organic revenue growth of 10% in Q4 and the full year last year, and believe we've got good momentum heading into 2017. And I think the overall guidance that we have from what we've seen compares very favorably to our peers. When you look at comps, I think that's really where that the Q1 and then the rest of the year story comes in. Our comp for Q1 in 2017 is 8%, so slightly lower than the next three quarters, which are 10%, 9% and 10%. So that's really the cadence as to why Q1 is higher than what you'd see in the last three quarters, is really comes down to overall comps for the company.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, David. So relative to the cash question, I think as you know, we've a significant effort underway to really to derisk and eliminate a lot of the larger liabilities from the balance sheet, as you mentioned, two of the biggest ones being the tax and the mesh. The way we would look at that is by the middle of 2018, we should have put the majority of mesh behind us, right. As you heard in the prepared comments, 31,000 out of the 42,000 are behind us now relative to settlement. The payment of that obviously will lag a little bit, but 2017 and into tail end of 2018 is what we would see there. The tax, we've mentioned that before, a little more than $500 million, and that should be the majority of that in the back half of 2017 and some might trickle into 2018. So 2017 may be a little bit more constrained on the cash side, although I will say from a credit rating perspective, and our leverage metrics, we start to really free that up as we get to the back half of this year and get back to our capital structure goal. So probably have a little bit more room on that front. So I'd look at 2017 as putting a lot of those liabilities behind us and really freeing it up for 2018 and beyond.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. I'll hit the FX one first. Yeah, and it really is, it's the market basket of all the currencies that we track, right. So we hedge certain ones, largely the yen and the euro. But when you look at what's happened since we had kind of snapped the line on that, the overall trend does see $0.08 versus the $0.06 to $0.07 that we had. And it's also a function of the hedges that we have, when we layer in the hedges and how those roll off. So the $0.08 is the most accurate number as we sit today. In terms of tax reform, just broadly, obviously a lot of proposals out there. And where we support it, right, relative to making something we have competitive tax rates for the US companies versus global peers, and that provides us as US companies with much better access to our global cash flows. There's a lot of uncertainty out there relative to what the timing would be and the details are pretty scarce relative to transition rules as well. So as you would imagine, we follow that very closely. Some of them are good for us. Some of them are not as good for us and once the tea leaves are out and we see some final proposals, we'll let folks know what the impact is.
Daniel J. Brennan: Well, it really depends on how they come out. Let me just give you an example, right. So the interest rate deductibility, right, the timing of when that will be put in and what could potentially be grandfathered. Are you, is it from dollar one, are you grandfathered with the existing debt on your balance sheet today, is it only future debt? Those types of things could have big swings. And so it's tough to guess until we actually see what comes out as a final rule.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. Thanks, Richard. In terms of looking out beyond 2017, I think you've hit on it and it kind of goes to the answer to the earlier question from David as well. 2017 and the first half of 2018 is really putting a lot of the liabilities and the things that we have today behind us and I'm excited for that time when we get to 2018, 2019 and beyond as you mentioned. So, our goal this year is $1.750 billion in cash flow. Safe to assume that grows. We've talked recently about having $6 billion over the 2017, 2018, 2019 timeframe in terms of accessible cash and being able to put that to use in M&A and share repurchase have been historically and I think would continue to be our two most favorite uses. The dividend probably in the short-term is probably not in the cards, but it's something that we continue to look at every year and would evaluate that as we go through those years as well.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. The good news is, Matt, it's across the entire P&L and you can see that when you look at our ranges for 2016 versus 2017. It's expansion in each of the key areas. So when you look at gross margin, we were at 72% for 2016. The range is 72% to 73% and that includes offsetting a 50 basis point headwind from FX. That's continuing to launch accretive products. It's optimizing our plant network and it's really being maniacally focused on reducing standard product cost in a year over year comparison. So, that's really where we get the majority of the benefit in gross margin. SG&A, we have a companywide initiative, as you've heard about over the last couple years, to really drive that down. You saw the benefit this year in terms of the reduction in our SG&A rate as a percentage of sales. You see it again next year in terms of what we've given for guidance. And then, Mike (sic) [Matt], the commentary around R&D, R&D is really not the hunt in the current configuration to generate additional operating margin. It's more in the SG&A and gross margin lines. But the two of those are what get us to that 25.5% midpoint for 2017. And then as you look out getting to that 2020, there's probably a little bit less on the gross margin side and more on the SG&A and R&D side to get us to that 28% by 2020.
Daniel J. Brennan: No. As I mentioned to the answer to the earlier question, we obviously are very close and plugged into the entire process relative to the border tax, where I would call as a slight net importer. So the border tax would probably be a net negative for us overall. But again, it depends on how that comes in terms of a configuration, what's the rate, what's included, what's excluded and then there are other parts of tax reform that are beneficial around the cash access and others. So, we really need to see the different elements of how the final proposals come out, put that through and see what the impact is. In terms of whether we're doing anything differently, other than monitoring it and really staying close to that, no, we haven't changed our strategy as a team. Mike mentioned earlier category leadership and driving that. And so, we're monitoring tax reform, but not changing anything we're doing.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure and thanks, Mike, a couple comments on CRM. We're obviously really pleased with the performance in the quarter. The business as we talked about grew 8% in the quarter, 3% for the full year, which is we think nicely above the marketplace. And pacer growth has been very strong, 22%. There is some competitive approvals, which we thought would happen about six months ago. But we still expect to do, grow our pacer business beyond the marketplace in 2017. Really excited about what's going on in defib globally. The S-ICD continues to be highly differentiated, continues to have strong uptake around the world, and really is a very big differentiator for our defib platform. We have our MRI defib platform approved international markets. We hope to have that done by the end of the year in the US. And what we're really excited about, I commented briefly on the script is the RESONATE launch, which will be effectively in first quarter in Europe. And we think this is very unique, has very differentiated multipoint pacing. It even extends our longevity benefit greater based on additional labeling, and also contains – we can detail it more with Ken and also at Investor Day, HeartLogic, which we think is a very differentiated heart failure diagnostic tool only available on the RESONATE platform. You combine that with we think CRT, our headwind in replacements will become a bit more of a tailwind throughout 2017. So we think the future is bright in CRM, and particularly once we have our defib MRI approval at the end of the year. With respect to your third question, you snuck three in there, very impressive. With the third one on the novel (34:23) ACCELERATE, really not much more to comment. We were enabled a pre-specified interim review of the data that was constructed as part of the trial design. We obviously took advantage of that. We feel it's in our best interest, especially given the growth of that division, 12% growth for the full year and 16% in the fourth quarter, and strong momentum internationally and US in spinal cord stim. So we'll continue to enroll that ACCELERATE trial, Likely take to the end of 2017 to finish enrollment, and we'll report out the results when appropriate likely in mid-2018.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah thanks, David. On the R&D side, we do spend full year almost 11%. Fourth quarter went up a little bit more at 11.5%. We're actually quite pleased about our ability to invest in R&D, and it really gives us the confidence to deliver a strong 2017. And importantly, as we've outlined, we think we'll accelerate growth in 2018 and beyond. A big part of the spend, especially you saw the uptick in Q4 as we have a number of significant clinical trials going on, and the weighting of our clinical trial mix within R&D is a bit higher given that. So, we have two significant trials going on at PI and the drug-eluting, which we think will differentiators us for years to come in that area. We have a lot of clinical work going on in WATCHMAN and significant clinical spend in LOTUS globally. And so we do expect over time that our R&D as a percent of sales will decrease a bit as we march to our operating income targets. But right now, we're going through a heavier bolus of investment at clinical, which will pay off for the company in 2018 and beyond.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. So that one is on track. The detail is obviously in clinicaltrials.gov. We believe that we'll finish the enrollment of that trial by the year end 2017, so December 2017. And so we haven't provided any additional details on the readout of the data, but we hope to finish enrollment by the end of the year.
Michael F. Mahoney: Actually not sure. So, we'll finish the trial, then we'll go through the appropriate steps. Not sure if it will happen in NANS or not.
Michael F. Mahoney: Thanks, Bob. Yes, we do expect to launch in the US with LOTUS Edge. We're optimistic that we'll have approval by year end of 2017 and I'll have Dr. Ian Meredith comment a bit more on some of the clinical information.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Yeah. We've earned a tough comp in IC and we're proud of it. And I think the most important thing to think is our IC business is very broad. We used to be a DES company and now we're clearly DES, but all the structural heart initiatives, our complex PCI. We'll continue to roll out a new FFR platform. So the diversity of the IC portfolio is quite strong. Certainly, we do have some challenging comps, but we're comfortable that we're going to grow above market. And I think if you just look at the momentum that we have in the structural heart business, that will be a growth driver overall for IC. We have a nice new launch coming with SYNERGY in China. And we'll continue to expand our SYNERGY market share. We do think we'll likely won't give a number. We do believe there is more mix improvement we can have with SYNERGY given its acceptance of that platform globally. And we also have a number of new launches. I would call them incremental, but they all help, cutting balloons and so forth in complex PCI. So I think given the diversification and geographies, the breadth of that portfolio, the exciting growth in structural heart and our complex CTO bag as well as improved mix of SYNERGY opportunity in China will help grow that business well in 2017. On ATTRACT, I think that's potentially great upside for the company. I believe that study gets read out in March and we're well-positioned for that business with our ZelanteDVT catheter, our commercial base globally and also just the capabilities we have in venous broadly. So, we'll see how it happens in March, but that could provide some additional upside for that franchise obviously in 2017 and well beyond, especially if that study is positive.
Michael F. Mahoney: We've quoted early third quarter is our aim for LOTUS Edge back in Europe. So we want that to happen, but it's important to note that our current LOTUS platform is doing extremely well in Europe. And you talk to many physicians and they certainly want LOTUS Edge, but they're very happy with LOTUS and its current capabilities, its ability to position the device, low PBL rate. So, we want to launch LOTUS Edge, but we're more than pleased with the growth of our current LOTUS platform.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. So, we're obviously pleased with our performance in 2017 and momentum – I'm sorry in 2016 and momentum going into 2017 and beyond here. You hit the first one. We're coming up against a 10% organic comp. And the good news for the company, it's broad-based. As I said, five of the seven divisions grew double-digits in Q4. And so, we do have tougher comps really across the board, but that's really offset by strong momentum that we have really across each business. So the comps are tougher, but we have strong momentum and I don't think I have time to go through each division. Each division has continued on product launches that we can expand globally, a number of new launches. Just take CRM for example. In a tough market we're growing above market and we're really excited about this new RESONATE platform that will launch right now in Europe and likely third quarter in the US. One that we don't talk about, we have some momentum building we believe in our EP business with our new HDx platform. That's just in rhythm management. I talked about IC a little bit ago with Brooks. And also PI, MedSurg continues to do well. Endo is moving into new markets based on our EndoChoice acquisition, the AXIOS Stent. Neuromodulation continues to do well. So we have a extension of our product launches that we have. We'll continue to grow globally. The business has momentum, which is difficult to build for a company, and we're going to continue to press on that. And what's most important for us is, while we deliver a strong 2017, all these new platforms that we're investing in now that give us the higher R&D spend begin to generate even more fruit we think in 2018 and beyond.
Ian Meredith: Thanks, Mike. So, to address the question of pace, longer term data with pacemakers, at the ACC meeting, you will see 30-day data presented on the first-in-human use of the LOTUS Edge platform. We presented that data as a seven-day discharge data at TCT last year. So you will see 30-day data at ACC. And at EuroPCR, you will see longer term follow-up data on the LOTUS with Depth Guard, which will provide significant insight into the benefits of Depth Guard technology on LOTUS Edge.
Ian Meredith: Thanks, Rick. It's Ian Meredith here. I think I could take that question. I think there are four lines of evidence that support the notion that the pacemaker rate will be substantially lower. The first you have already mentioned is the depth of implantation, even with a classic LOTUS. And that's a widespread practice that is taking place now. And you will see the emergence of more and more similar centers reporting their data with a classic LOTUS device showing lower pacemaker rate. And I think we'll see several more of those abstracts actually appear. So that's the first line of evidence. The second is classic LOTUS with Depth Guard. You will see presentations at CRT coming up in a week or two on RESPOND Extend which will, of course, only be seven-day data. Meaningful data will be presented at EuroPCR, so that's LOTUS with Depth Guard. That will be an important line of evidence. Then we'll have the trials of the extension of the data that we already have from the first-in-human study that you know of from TCT last year, will be presented at ACC. And then finally the REPRISE EDGE trial which will be the full complement of patients at EuroPCR. So there are four streams of evidence that seem to be moving in the right direction. The technique for implantation I think has been widely adopted already. And that sets a very strong foundation for people's ability to use Depth Guard when they move to LOTUS Edge.
Ian Meredith: Larry, it's a great question. I think the best comparison we still have for the REPRISE III data, until the data is known, is the study that you actually mentioned. That of course was not a randomized trial. It was a consecutive comparison and propensity matched patients. So one would assume that the pacemaker rate would be somewhere in that vicinity. Having said that, we have seen the uptake of a higher implant technique across the world and that will influence the practices in the US. So it's hard to predict exactly what the pacemaker rate might be. But I think it would be safe to assume that it would be similar to something that is published in the JACC manuscript that you mentioned. The second question with the stroke rate, I don't believe that there is an appreciable difference in disabling stroke. The difference, and as was identified in that manuscript, was that there was a pre-specified neurological assessment before and after valve deployment, which means that there was a lower threshold to detection in the LOTUS arm of that study than what we had for the CoreValve arm. So, I suspect that the rate of disabling stroke, which is troublesome for all valves, will be comparable between the two groups.
