Jeffrey D. Capello: Glenn, this is Jeff. Let me respond to that one. So as you remember, a couple of years ago, we talked about the opportunity through the emerging markets initiative and Zero Based Budgeting to take out $100 million to $200 million out of the cost structure of the company focused primarily on kind of the corporate infrastructure. And we've been saying all along throughout this year that we felt that we could do in excess of that. We came out with a restructuring plan midway through 2011 and said we would do somewhere between $225 million to $275 million in total savings by focusing primarily on those corporate infrastructure-type departments. So this program here is an extension of that. It's predominantly centered around the corporate functions that currently are larger than they need to be relative to the size of the business. There are some adjustments we are making to some of the businesses that are primarily outside of the commercial infrastructure. And so it's more or less right in line with what we anticipated doing relative to a couple of years ago and then the step-up we'd done a year ago.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So David, we're probably not going to get into as much depth as you'd like right now on those contributions. At our Investor Day, on the 12th of February, we're going to get into a little more detail in terms of what we expect the programs to generate. And I guess what I can help you with is we said all along that we've got 3 or 4 programs we expect to contribute to earnings in '13 and that'll be accelerated in '14 with another 3 to 4 programs, and we'll take you through that in more detail at the Investor Day.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, so if you look at gross margins, we exited 2012 with gross margin of 67.8%. And as you look forward, we continue to expect that price will be a headwind and I think we can do better on price and we've got a number of things that we're working on, on the pricing side. However, as a percentage basis, we think our standard cost improvement can largely offset the margin erosion on price. So that's good and we're stepping up more, and the manufacturing team's doing a great job on that front. So that pretty much neutralizes those 2 impacts from a margin perspective. And then we've got some benefits coming through for the last segment of the PROMUS Element transition. The 2 factors that weigh a little bit on gross margins, one is the impact of acquisitions. Some of these acquisitions are a little smaller in terms of revenue and as we ramp them up, they're below our average gross margins, so that has an impact. And the second impact is we did do, for consistency purposes, some reclasses between R&D and gross margins for next year, which moves some costs out of R&D up into gross margins to be consistent across all the businesses. The combination of the acquisitions and the movement of R&D is worth about 100 basis points on gross margins. So margins would be up more. I would tell you, though, that we expect to end the year at a higher rate gross margin-wise. So our margins will start off a little bit slower because of some of these smaller acquisitions and they'll end at a higher rate.
Jeffrey D. Capello: No, no. There is a benefit associated with the Neurovascular transition, and it's not far off. There's some other various factors that kind of add up that neutralized that, so I kind of gave you a more condensed version of the lot, I guess.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So tax rate was lower this year than we anticipated due to kind of geographic mix of earnings. I explained that in the prepared comments. As we look forward, as we continue to migrate more manufacturing offshore, that pulls down our tax rate. And so some of the activities we had commenced as part of the Plant Network Optimization program and some other things we'd done in our international locations were putting downward pressure on the rate, so kind of the 13% to 15%. I think I said last quarter kind of 16-percent-ish was what we thought for this year. We're now a little bit lower than that. We continue to kind of migrate more things offshore. That looks fairly sustainable as far as we see today. I think everyone knows we had this dispute with the IRS relative to the Guidant transfer pricing and we do reserve for that in our rates. That's built into the rate on a normal basis. And so our 13% to 15% reflects that. And we think we're appropriately reserved and we're appropriately positioned. We'll have to see how that plays out. And as a reminder, that's probably a couple of years out, 2 to 3 years out in terms in terms of full resolution.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Okay, sorry, misunderstood. So we have at least a couple of years left with those intercompany notes to kind of bring cash back assuming we don't do something different from a tax structure perspective, which is always possible. So it's probably a couple of years. And thereafter, we'll be in a position similar to other companies that are kind of building more cash outside the U.S. and less cash within the U.S. One of the things, though, that's helpful for that is as we continue to migrate more activity offshore, which we're doing as part of this restructuring, that rebalances our expense base and our cash flow mix. So we're naturally readjusting where we generate and consume cash by moving more activities outside the U.S. So that helps as well.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So we're going to -- as we did a couple of years ago, we're going to step the investment community, investors through kind of our margin expansion opportunity at the upcoming Investor Day in February. But we're confident we can -- we continue to improve our operating margins. As you look at kind of the $650 million to $750 million of short-term cost-saving opportunities and just kind of tick down kind of what's left, as you look at the PROMUS Element transition, there's a piece of that, that's left for '13. The value improvement programs we had said historically 5% cost savings consistently every year, we're going to be able to do better than that. We've got a line of sight for increased ability to kind of take out costs over the next 5 years, so that'll continue to expand gross margins and offset price. Our project transformation on the R&D side we think will continue to offer opportunities. We're done, our Plant Network Optimization programs, we still have 12 plants in the network, so we'll continue to look at whether that makes sense. And then we've got the expanded restructuring program we talked about today that'll throw off more savings in '13 and '14. So those, we've got pieces left of the $650 million to $750 million and on top of that you've got a pretty high level of spend associated with these new programs, which we expect to grow out of as the revenue comes. And as the programs finished their development cycles, so that'll be helpful. We think we can do better on price. We're going to talk a lot about continuous improvement at the Investor Day in terms of getting our costs down even further. So there's certainly no shortage of opportunities to drive our cost base down. And as the revenue comes, it'll be on a lower base of costs, which will naturally help with the margin expansion.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, it'll be 1/2 the available cash flow. So we have, if you look at kind of our legacy acquisitions, we have approximately a couple of hundred million dollars of earn-out payments that we expect to have to make here in 2013. So if you look at the $1.2 billion of adjusted free cash flow, after we make those payments, approximately 1/2 of that cash we'd look to kind of use for share repurchases subject to the business development environment, the price of the stock and regulatory issues.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Matt, I think we've been -- this is Jeff, I think we've been fairly consistent with that. That we think from an investor perspective and shareholder value perspective, there's a lot bigger return to driving the growth rate of the company into the low single digits and up north of that versus kind of putting in a dividend program. So we're very focused on getting back to growth the second half of this year in '13 and then moving that growth rate up. I think once we do that and accomplish that, then we can really look at that capital allocation whether we make a dividend more of priority, but it's not -- for the next short while, it's not as much of a priority as is bringing in new technology to drive the growth rate of the company up.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, it's a fair question, Bob. And I think as we considered kind of the best potential return from a shareholder perspective, we are getting more than what we anticipated relative to the cost savings. So I think we're doing really well in the cost savings. I think what we're finding is we found a great asset in Vessix, we found a great asset in Rhythmia, both that can be significant revenue growth drivers for us in the next couple of years. So we put more of an onus on investing for growth in the short term versus letting an incremental amount drop through on the SG&A side. So there's a little bit more of a lean towards investing for growth given the very attractive assets and the great position that leaves us in from a growth perspective.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Bob, as David Lewis had asked the same question about the broader contributions, we're going to hold those questions to the Investor Day in the 12th then we're going to walk you through by growth driver what we think it can contribute to '13 and thereafter.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, yes. Both are correct. We expect that'll take at least a couple of years to play out through Tax Court and we currently have reserves of about $1 billion in the balance sheet.
Jeffrey D. Capello: And Larry, just to provide some clarification, our U.S. DES share was 45% in the fourth quarter in 2011, then it went to 47% in the first quarter of '12. So when Mike says comparisons, actually the first quarter of '13 versus first quarter '12 was a more difficult comp than the fourth quarter of '12 versus the fourth quarter of '11.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So in terms of the numbers of days, it's approximately -- it rounds to kind of 2 days, so it's not insignificant relative to the first quarter of '13 versus the first quarter of '12. And then the second part of your question, Larry, you were -- I didn't quite follow kind of what you were referring to.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So as I responded to David Lewis and Bob Hopkins, we're going to go through each of the major growth drivers and kind of tell you kind of what we did in revenue in '12 and our expectation for '13, so we're going to reserve those questions and that discussion for the Investor Day.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So we've got -- this is Jeff, we've got the DES market pegged to be kind of low, to be down low single digits to mid-single digit next year and very similar for the CRM market, both market to be slightly unchanged from this year. The CRM market will be a little bit better because we have now the lapsing of kind of the difficult comps from '11. And then relative to the S-ICD, I'm going to hold that response. We're going to have a separate section on the whole CRM business and our President will talk about kind of the S-ICD plan and that would be a probably a more appropriate time to kind of get into any more details on the S-ICD.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. I'll touch on that, Glenn. We did have a controlled launch in 2012, 2013 as we continue to ramp up supply chain to meet the demand. But the uniqueness of the product, one, is allowing us to open up new accounts in Europe and the U.S. to sell S-ICD, which we do sell at a premium and does enable some pull-through as well. So we think that, combined with a broader portfolio, that we touched on in the discussion points with our investments in EP and Rhythmia as well are also assisting with that.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, this Mike. I'll make a couple of comments, then we turn it over to Ken Stein who's on the phone as well. We're very encouraged about the size of the market as you indicate. We think it's about -- it could grow to a $500 million to $750 million market. We're seeing nice uptick in Europe as we continue to train more physicians and drive growth there. Relating to the clinical data, the PREVAIL enrollment was completed, say, early third quarter of 2012. And we're currently analyzing the data and we'll be looking to discuss with the FDA the submission strategy in the near future here. So we'll be able to provide a very detailed update on WATCHMAN at the upcoming Investor Day.
Michael F. Mahoney: A lot of components to that one, Rick, but I'll say a couple of things. One on the end markets. We see the end markets very consistent and stable versus 2012. So across BSC portfolio, we think of the end markets as kind of 0% range. With our -- if you want to classify, our DES and CRM markets, in the globally, the negative 3% to 5% range. In our other businesses, market's about 3%. So we think neutralize for all that, our markets are essentially flat. So when you look at potential for the future, we see ourselves continue to grow very effectively in our MedSurg businesses and our PI where we'll grow faster than market. And our second focus area is to significantly improve our execution in IC and CRM. So on a combined basis, those businesses grew last year, call it, negative 9%. And so, we're going to put a lot of focus on that and improve those results. So you'll see the 45% of our business, MedSurg and PI, continue to grow faster than market and a lot of execution to improve our results and performance for 2012. And then as you mentioned, on top of our core business, we'll layer on the impact of Alair, WATCHMAN, the S-ICD, as well as Vessix new adjacencies. And the results of that, combined with our focus on BRIC, provide us upside. I hope that's helpful for you.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, it's Mike, here. So you nailed it. We continue to see some improved sequential share gain in de novo of implants, both in the ICDs and also core pacer. And the headwind on the replacement back from the -- the Guidant recall back in 2005, we believe that, that headwind will begin to soften up more the second half of 2013. So we think the replacement performance will improve in the second half of 2013. That's what -- in the prepared comments, we discussed stabilizing our share in CRM in the first half and improving our share position in the second half to be based on the softening of the replacement headwind, continued impact of S-ICD and also the continued impact of the new pacer and ICD new launches we had in 2012.
Michael F. Mahoney: Matt, difficult to determine how much of it was our execution or maybe disruption with some competitors, so tough for us to gauge that. I guess, just the good news, as you saw the results for the fourth quarter are very strong. We had very early launch of Spectra in Europe and we see a full launch of Spectra in the U.S., which we think will be very innovative, the next breakthrough for paying patients. And you'll see the full launch of that -- the results of that in the second half of 2013. So we're very bullish on our guidance for Neuromodulation for 2013. And DBS will just initiate our clinical trial in the U.S. in 2013. And got to get that information. I'm sure we completed enrollment in Europe at this point, so we've completed enrollment in Europe and so we'll see some improvements, obviously, to our DBS sales in Europe and we're launching our clinical trial in the U.S.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, so in the DES market, similar to CRM, we believe we will stabilize our share position. Clearly stabilize that in the first half and we'll drive share gains in the second half of 2013. We do anniversary the Medtronic launch in second quarter. And similar to the prepared remarks, we believe we'll have more of a challenging first quarter based on less days selling and also very difficult competitive comps in first quarter. And we'll lap the Medtronic launch in the second quarter. And the combination of new launches with SYNERGY, trialing increasing and our long lengths will drive share gains in the second half.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, I'll just add on to that. In the emerging markets, we're seeing very good growth in 2012 and we plan for that to continue to accelerate in '13. And so we're adding quite a significant amount of commercial capabilities in BRIC and other emerging markets.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, in terms of our o-U.S. performance in DES, you hit the major regions, starting -- start with Japan first, where we had very strong fourth quarter and a second half in share gains in Japan. So good strength there in the fourth quarter. Similarly, remaining pieces of Asia Pac. You saw the growth numbers for BRIC. We don't break out China and India specifically, but they're big contributors to that, plus 35% and those markets are heavy DES revenue drivers for us. Europe had some improvement in performance as well in the fourth quarter. In terms of first quarter guidance, we mentioned the impact on days and also we see a larger impact on that days challenge in Japan, which is part of the drivers of the first quarter guidance. We also have a difficult comparable in first quarter 2012 as well. So we're -- similar to the comments, we're optimistic we're going to stabilize share performance in first half and gain share for the full year, just that you see the timing of the quarters consistent what Jeff outlined.
