Michael F. Mahoney: Sure, Rob. I'll take a shot at. We're not going to give 2025 guidance here but at our Investor Day, we said our goal was to be the highest performing med tech company in terms of sales and EPS growth, which we believe we did in 2023. Our aim is to do that in 2024 and our aim is to do that for many years to come. And I think one is the primary drivers of you've seen the decade-long portfolio shift into faster-growth markets for the company, where weighted average market growth rate is probably closer to 7% to 8% versus what it used to be kind of flat. So one, we enjoy because of our portfolio choices, faster growing markets. Secondly, we have strong growth across the world. You're seeing Europe double digits, Asia Pac double digits where FARAPULSE is not yet launched. And obviously, the U.S. doing quite well as well. And then I think you just have to look at the durability of other businesses. We'll likely talk about FARAPULSE and WATCHMAN a lot on the call, but you see continued strong growth, 8% to 9%-ish through the first half within our MedSurg businesses. So that kind of gets diminished because of the strength of some other areas, but that's pretty good. And then the cardiovascular portfolio is just getting stronger and stronger. With our EP franchise, Baylis, what we're doing with coronary with Drug-Coated Balloon, you saw the results with ACURATE in Europe, and also potentially some benefits with concomitant reimbursement in the future. And who knows, maybe these procedures may move over time to an ASC center and EP, which also, we think would benefit Boston Scientific given our solution. So we had a tough comp in 2023 with a 12%. Our guidance for the full year is now 13% to 14%. We won't give 2025 guidance, but our goal is to be really distinguish ourselves from the peer group in terms of revenue growth and EPS, and we have the portfolio and the team to do it.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. I think it's -- thanks, Joanne. I think it's similar to some of the themes I just highlighted. We have -- we're in a higher weighted average market growth rate markets to start. We see consistent procedure volume around the world. We are in a pricing environment where we used to be a price giver, pretty significantly. Now it's getting closer to negative 1 to 0. We also expect on the margin front, we took our margin goals up for the year. We expect gross margin to improve over time. Right now, we're getting more margin benefit from SG&A primarily, which is good leverage. We would expect to get more gross margin upside over the LRP period and we just have a very strong product cadence in very fast-growing markets. Two of the best markets in all of MEDTECH, obviously are our EP and WATCHMAN and we have strong leadership position in PFA and that market is only growing. And we are going to launch that in Asia. And we have a lot of clinical work going on with WATCHMAN, as you know, to significantly increase the TAM of that market where it'll rival the TAVI market, three to five years from now. So the clinical evidence that we have in fast-growing market is different in the portfolio, and we continue to make and place strong M&A bets with Axonics and Silk and our venture portfolio, which we'll continue to leverage. So the playbook hasn't changed, but it's the execution of the team of continually putting this in better markets and out-executing the competition.
Michael F. Mahoney: So I'll start and then Dr. Stein can maybe talk about how we're really leading the field in our clinical evidence and some of the physician comment. We're competing with those companies today in Europe. With J&J, with all the companies that have PFA platforms. And you've heard us talk on many calls now on the differentiation of FARAPULSE in terms of its safety profile, the clinical data and the -- really, the usage of physicians who never considered using Boston Scientific EP prior, many of them have completely converted to using FARAPULSE for their A-fibrillation procedures. But we're still relatively early in our launch in the U.S. It's less than six months of launching in the U.S. and we have yet to launch in China, and we've yet to launch in Japan, and we have a lot more to do in Europe and we have additional indications coming and additional portfolio coming. So we think the short story is the FARAPULSE platform, combined with Baylis, combined with our clinical will be a differentiated growth driver for Boston for many years to come. Now will it grow as it continues to scale up over 100% a quarter, unlikely, but we expect this to be maybe the biggest business of Boston Scientific in the years to come here.
Michael F. Mahoney: And on the financial side, as you know, you've seen some of the competitive reports. Mapping is a sizable chunk of the overall EP procedure. And when FARAPULSE is being used, you're seeing increased procedure volume based on the efficiency. So some competitors are benefiting from that productivity gain of FARAPULSE. So in addition to strong utilization rates and opening new centers, more broadly impacted in 2025, we do expect a number of physicians to adopt this Fairview platform that Ken said which is additional revenue that you're not seeing today in the FARAPULSE EP procedure.
Michael F. Mahoney: Again, I guess Ken and I will try to tag team this. Thank you for the question. It's maybe the best market in med tech. It's about a $10 billion market. The chunk that we're doing well in now is the $6 billion afib market that we continue to strengthen, and we'll get approval, as you know in Asia impact in 2025. There are a number of other areas that we're trying to move into the mapping segment based on the previous commentary is one. We do have an organic ICE program, which we hopefully will -- which is a 510(k) product, hopefully, we'll be competitive with the new ICE platform during this LRP period, which is another large slice of it. And Ken can probably detail out a bit more the clinical studies that we're doing to widen the indication for FARAPULSE beyond what is used today.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Silk is really a terrific asset we've looked at for a long time. Hopefully, we aim to close that in the second half this year. As a stand-alone business, they were really kind of leading the rejuvenation of that field through their clinical evidence and their performance over many years in the U.S. And it came to a point where we felt it was mature enough in terms of its sales ramp and for us to acquire it at the right price. So I guess, first of all, it always starts with clinical indications. We're really pleased with the data and the long-term durability of this procedure. So as a stand-alone company, they're growing certainly accretive to Boston Scientific faster, but clearly not there on the margin front. So now in Boston Scientific sense we feel like we can grow the company faster in the U.S. given the category leadership portfolio we have and a common call point with a vascular surgeon. We also have the ability to take it outside the U.S. to appropriate countries. And we also aim to improve the margin profile of the business by integrating the company as appropriately within our operations supply chain team like we've done for many other acquisitions in the past. So it's an accretive asset that we think will be stronger and more profitable in the hands of Boston and make us more important for the vascular surgeon, which is an area that as the needs improvement for us, I would say, within that business unit. So now we have the lever -- not the leverage, but the capabilities to present to vascular surgeons our broader PI portfolio, given the relationships that the Silk Road team has with the vascular surgeon.
Michael F. Mahoney: On TAVI, the European team has done really an outstanding quarter and outstanding quarters back to back with ACURATE Neo2, over 20% growth. Importantly, we expect to launch in fourth quarter or maybe first quarter 2025 Prime, which is our next-generation ACURATE Neo2 that has all risk indications and the full-size matrix, which has been the challenge for us to date with an optimized delivery in the valve frame. On the -- just to reiterate on the U.S. timing, we did complete enrollment of the 1,500 patient cohort. And we do expect to present the data in the first half of 2025 likely at the ACC meeting. I think it's important to note that this is the largest randomized trial that's been done in TAVI really based on the timing of the last patient follow-up and the size of the trial and the multiple risk and mixed control groups that we have in it. It's an extensive trial and we believe that the first half 2025 and likely at ACC is the appropriate timing.
Michael F. Mahoney: Thank you for pointing that out because I was getting hammered by tax from our agent team and our CRM team for not mentioning those in the prior question. So I think if you were to continue to add on that discussion, which is how do we maintain and sustain high performance, that's highly differentiated from the peer group for the -- for many years to come. It's all the things we talked about before with PFA and WATCHMAN indication expansion. And as you said, with the AGENT, kudos to that team, they're really transforming that portfolio. Drug-eluting stents next year will probably be 2% of overall Boston Scientific. And you're seeing tremendous growth in our imaging business with our IVUS imaging platform. And now we're the first one to have approval for AGENTS, and that TPT decision will be made soon and apply and hopefully, in January. And that is a market that we plan to drive where we have a multiyear advantage, where we have superiority data for what is at least 10% of the market with restenosis and appropriate price points. That's going to accelerate the growth of that division and significantly improve the margin profile over time. Why we continue to invest in clinical science and our structural heart portfolio and also, we have a very vast VC portfolio. And oftentimes, those VC investments come with dilution, which our team is able to manage consistently while investing for the future, while improving margins at the same time. So I think that's a big part of it. As you do know, the CRM business is a bit of a lag for us. International business did quite well. U.S. lagged a little bit and the Modular ATP, proud of the team for that. That was a long study, a very difficult project. But you saw the results of that S-ICD with the modular platform and we're excited to launch that in 2025. So there are two other areas that I didn't mention before that you pointed out. And also, what's not being mentioned here today is just the tremendous growth in our Endo and Uro businesses. Our Uro business is near double digits for the first half. Our Endo business is near double digit for the first half. Those are all accretive margin companies for us. We're very excited about the Axonics acquisition, which will have operational benefit in 2025 and organic in 2026 primarily. But it just makes those divisions even stronger. So there's many things to be excited about for the future of the company to continue on with a goal of differentiated performance.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, I'll just touch on the growth, 20% is excellent. We're in the midst of launching our WATCHMAN FLX Pro and maybe as importantly, this new steerable sheet, which is early in its launch. And so I think to clinical data and the extremely high market share of WATCHMAN speaks for itself and the ongoing R&D platforms that we're driving for WATCHMAN and clinical science. So we are extremely comfortable that we're nearly 90% of share in the U.S. and there may be some extremely price-sensitive accounts that will occasionally lose business to. But it's very, very small margin. Very, very small numbers. And if you look at the size of the WATCHMAN business and our share and our technology lead, we're very comfortable with the position we're in.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, I think the only piece of that we'll provide color on is the last part of it. We don't want to break out catheter usage, capital usage, how many sites. I would say the utilization rates of sites once they use FARAPULSE is very quick and sustainable. So we're not seeing hospitals turn it on and turn it off and go in and out of it, like you see in many med tech products. So the sustainability and usage of FARAPULSE is very high once customers start using it. And obviously, we have a chance to sell more consoles to larger centers in the existing accounts besides opening new accounts. And the second part was what -- having a senior moment. [Multiple Speakers] Great, thanks. I ended it with a dud, sorry Matt.
Kenneth Stein: And Larry, maybe just to sort of add on Mike said first just -- I mean, AF is the most common sustained arrhythmia in the world. Ablation therapy for AF today is still dramatically underpenetrated, right. I mean ablation, high single-digit penetration for persistent afib, low double-digit penetration for paroxysmal afib and the safety advantages, the efficacy advantages, the efficiency advantages and just the overall simplicity of the FARAPULSE system, I think are just going to continue to drive the size of that market and penetration into that market. In terms of the competition, right, again, we do expect to see competitors bring out their first-generation products late this year, early next year, they're already approved in Europe. And frankly, as Mike said earlier, right, we have not seen that materially impact the rapid sustained adoption of FARAPULSE in Europe. And FARAPULSE is a transformative technology with really important differentiated advantages against these competitors. As Mike said, right, treated over 70,000 patients to date, published clinical trial data on over 20,000 patients to date, which really testifies to the safety, to the simplicity, to the efficiency and again, Mike referred to the data we presented at Heart Rhythm Society. It's the only system right now with any data testifying to actually superiority in an efficacy measure against traditional ablation.
Kenneth Stein: Yes. Thanks, Rick. I appreciate the question. Again, we still are projecting approval of both our NAV-enabled FARAWAVE catheter and a completely new software suite on RHYTHMIA that we're calling FARAVIEW to help support that. And we certainly do expect that to help drive more adoption of the use of RHYTHMIA and FARAVIEW to accompany FARAWAVE. Now I want to begin though by saying, FARAPULSE will remain an open system. We want to support workflows that don't involve any use of mapping or navigation, support workflows that involve these competitive systems, but also we'll expect with FARAVIEW and FARAWAVE NAV to provide some major advantages in terms of workflow. I think important for me I think emphasize that existing mapping and navigation systems don't understand PFA at all. They were built around an RF ablation paradigm. And so FARAVIEW is going to be the first software and a mapping system that fundamentally understands what we do with PFA and with FARAPULSE. There are some important features, dynamic visualization of the catheter as it changes shape from basket flower configuration, field tagging specific to PFA energy. I think when you put all of that together it has the potential to minimize the use of fluoroscopy during these procedures, minimize catheter exchanges, and really continue what we've tried to do and I think have accomplished with FARAPULSE to begin, right, which is to create a procedure that is safer, that is at least as effective, and that is far more simple and efficient compared to what people have been doing with legacy systems.
Kenneth Stein: Yes, Vijay. So we have submitted for TPT. Again, I think important to recognize there are some very strict criteria for eligibility for TPT. And I think just to reiterate what Mike said, which is, right now, we are not seeing pricing as a barrier to the rapid and sustained adoption of FARAPULSE.
Kenneth Stein: Yes. Thanks, Mike. So David, let me start with the clinical strategy and then maybe say a little more about where we're going from a technology standpoint as well because I think it's important, right. That all the other stuff we're doing doesn't just get lost in the excitement around FARAPULSE as exciting as FARAPULSE is. From clinical trial standpoint, to begin with our ADVANTAGE clinical trial, which is aimed to get labeling for FARAPULSE persistent Afib has completed enrollment. We expect to present those results late this year, early next year. We are well underway in a trial called AVANT GUARD , which is aimed to prove that FARAPULSE used as first-line therapy for patients with persistent atrial fibrillation. We've announced the intent to run a trial called REMATCH, which will look at FARAPULSE for redo ablations. From a technology standpoint, we've already talked about the FARAWAVE NAV catheter. In addition to that, we have a point catheter, FARAPOINT that's through its clinical trial. And then down the road, I think more sophisticated catheters for both mapping and ablation catheter called FARAFLEX. And I think as you can imagine, we are interested in the use of this for many arrhythmias beyond atrial fibrillation, atrial tachycardia, and ventricular tachycardia, that pretty much you name it. But I don't want some of the other technology innovations to get lost. And so right, the EP performance was not only a FARAPULSE story, fantastic performance from our Access Solutions portfolio. And in terms of pull-through, right, see very good synergy between FARAPULSE and the Access solution products, likewise, in really good synergy between the WATCHMAN and the Access Solution products. Again, I think in terms of the pull-through question, with the most obvious opportunity, as Mike mentioned, is the opportunity now to have reimbursement in the U.S. for concomitant FARAPULSE ablation and WATCHMAN procedures, which we expect will be a growth driver and hope to see that finalized before the end of this year by CMS. Again, Dan mentioned our acquisition of SoundCath, so an ICE product to support EP procedures and potentially also WATCHMAN procedures, probably just a very long-winded way of saying we love FARAPULSE, but it is far from the only story.
Kenneth Stein: Yes, Josh, maybe I'll take the TAVR question first and then let Dan and Mike take the others. Just really what Mike said, last patient follow-up in the trial was just in this quarter, it's a very large, very complex trial. And just honestly, based on the timing of getting the data cleaned and getting the readouts from all of the various core labs [ph] that are engaged in getting us the analysis for the trial, we are going to miss the abstract deadlines for all of the major fall meetings. So those deadlines literally come up within a couple of weeks. And again, these data are so important and pivotal, right, we want to present this at a major meeting. And so right, the first major cardiology meeting, where we'll be able to meet an abstract deadline is going to be the ACC. Would not expect you to see any data released ahead of that.
Kenneth Stein: Yes. And then in terms of just workflow and concomitant, this is one of the areas where I think in between, right, the safety and efficiency advantages of WATCHMAN FLX and FLX Pro combined with the efficiency and safety advantages of FARAPULSE could create a real advantage for us as a unified ecosystem. The beauty of doing these two procedures together, right, is they both involve transseptal access into the left atrium. They both involve the catheter manipulation inside the left atrium. So there's a huge benefit to patients to be able to have it all done at one sitting as opposed to having to have one procedure and then go through many of the same risks of the first procedure go and have it done as a second procedure. And just to reiterate, when you think of doing it as a concomitant procedure what you want our technologies that enable you to do it safely and we do it reproducibly and enable you to do it efficiently. So you're spending as little time as possible, right, mucking about inside someone's left atrium. And FARAPULSE and WATCHMAN FLX Pro together are unmatched in giving you those advantages.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. I can start on the gross margin and then Mike can take the TAVR one. So where are we on the journey? As Mike said, we're early in the journey in the United States relative to the FARAPULSE launch. That corresponds pretty well with the gross margin story. So if you think of where we are, the standard margin for FARAPULSE is absolutely accretive relative to the catheter. So that's a great accretive gross margin growth driver. The things that in the initial stages are a little bit dilutive are obviously, you heard me talk about the inventory charges with respect to POLARx. So we don't want to take inventory charges, but when it's -- when you're taking them as a result of the success of FARAPULSE, that's -- it should be temporary and should not be something that continues. So those should get better over time. The manufacturing brands, so we have built our manufacturing capacity and our operations and supply chain team to be the leaders in this space. So we have significant capacity. So as we're making the product today, it's a little under absorbed relative to that. So that will get better, obviously, as we make more and that's obviously our plan. And then the capital placements are dilutive. Again, it's not a huge number relative to the overall gross margin for the company, but it does at the edges, kind of take that down a bit. So overall, I would say FARAPULSE, every quarter, FARAPULSE will be a better contributor to margin. And I think as you get into 2025 and 2026, it will be a significantly accretive growth driver for gross margin for the company.
Daniel J. Brennan: And then just as a quick follow-up to the gross margin question, Travis. None of that is a surprise relative to gross margin. So we've been saying all along the gross margin is not likely to help the margin improvement story in 2024. But lo and behold, we're able to increase the overall operating margin from 30 to 50 to 50 to 70. So I think all is well on the margin expansion front. Really proud of that 50 to 70 relative to the guidance for this year. And as you look to 2025 and beyond, I think gross margin, I think all lines of the P&L can contribute to the margin expansion journey and gross margin will be one of those.
Daniel J. Brennan: And the second part of your question relative to the balance between reinvesting the sales upside and dropping some through. I think you're seeing the evidence of that here in our guidance raise for the 50 to 70. So I think we've struck a really good balance on that. So we've had sales upside during the year and the realization that we closed the first half a little bit ahead of expectations. So we're giving some of that back. So we're taking the 30 to 50 to the 50 to 70. So that's great. At the same time, we are reinvesting in the business, primarily in the commercial facing functions. We're leveraging the back office and the administrative areas, which makes sense. We don't need to grow those when you're growing the revenue at the rate that we're at. So we've got significant leverage opportunities there. And then as Mike said, this isn't just reinvesting in FARAPULSE. This is reinvesting across the whole portfolio, the broad portfolio that we have. So we picked the right spots to reinvest to be able to continue to deliver that top line performance for the long term. And I think we're striking a nice balance there.
