Sean Wirtjes: Thank you, Tamia. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. With me on the call today are Ray Elliott, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Capello, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We issued a press release yesterday announcing our first quarter 2011 results, which included key financials and reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures used in the release. We've posted a copy of that press release as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures used in today's conference call and other supporting schedules to the Investor Relations section of our website under the heading Financial Information. The agenda for this morning's call will include a review of the first quarter financial results as well as Q2 and updated full year 2011 guidance from Jeff and update in our business performance in the quarter from Ray, followed by his perspective on the quarter overall. We'll then open it up to questions. We will also be joined during the question-and-answer session today by Sam Leno, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Ken Pucel, Executive Vice President Global Operations and Technology; Mike Phalen, Executive Vice President and President International; Hank Kucheman, Executive Vice President and Group President of CRV; David Pierce, Senior Vice President and President of our Endoscopy business, John Pedersen, Senior Vice President and President of our Urology and Women's Health business; Joe Fitzgerald, Senior Vice President and President of our Endovascular Unit; Michael Onuscheck, Senior Vice President and President of our Neuromodulation business; Dr. Keith Dawkins, Chief Medical Officer for our CRV Group; and Dr. Ken Stein, Chief Medical Officer for CRM. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that this call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws, which may be identified by words like: anticipate, expect, project, believe, plan, estimate, intend and similar words. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding our expected market share, growth projections, markets for our products, new product approvals, launches in sales, competitive offerings, clinical trials, the regulatory environment applicable to us and our products, our liquidity and financial position, the strength of our balance sheet and cash flows, our future financial performance, including expected net sales, margins, earnings and tax rates for the second quarter and full year 2011, our goodwill impairment charges, the timing and effect of our restructuring activities and power growth strategy, including our priority growth initiatives and our views on litigation. We caution you that actual results may differ materially from those discussed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include among other things, future economic competitive reimbursement and regulatory conditions, clinical trial results, intellectual property rights litigation, financial market conditions, future business decisions made by us and our competitors and the other factors described in the Risk Factors section in our most recent 10-K filed with the SEC, which we may update in our 10-Qs that we filed or will file hereafter. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof, and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update them. At this point, I'll now turn it over to Jeff for a review of the first quarter official results.
Sean Wirtjes: Tamia, let's open it up to questions. In order to enable us to take as many questions as possible with the time we have left, please limit yourself to 1 question and a related follow-up. Again, I remind you that Ray and Jeff will be joined here in the Q&A session by Sam and our business presidents, as well as Doctor Dawkins and Doctor Stein. Tamia, please go ahead.
Sean Wirtjes: Okay. With that, we'll conclude today's call. Thank you for joining us. We appreciate your interest in Boston Scientific. Before you disconnect, Tamia will give you all the pertinent details for the replay.
Jeffrey Capello: Sure, Kristen, this is Jeff. So as I mentioned in kind of my introductory comments on the charge, as we received the competitors' data for the 4th quarter, which happened kind of late in February, early March, the electronic release is later, and looked at kind of the rate of implants particularly within the defibrillator business in the U.S., and as we watched the quarter unfold and this market checks, we saw a softening of the rate of implants that had us go back and kind of look at our assumptions that we've done a year ago. And we believe that as a result of some of these, which we believe are temporary pressures whether it's the JAMA article or the DOJ or the RAC audits or whatever have you, that those are putting some temporary pressure. So we reduced our expectations for the next couple of years relative to CRM growth. After which point, we believe that these temporary pressures will leave based on the fact that the technologies underpenetrated the market and they come back to more normal growth. So the CRM market in the U.S. will kind of come back to kind of flattish to slightly positive, which is not far off what we assumed originally. So it's really kind of a temporary blip the next couple of years followed by a return to more normal environment as we expected before.
Jeffrey Capello: Kristen, it's Jeff. So I think it's important to note that we're talking about the U.S. CRM market, right? And so if you look at kind of our U.S. CRM business as a percentage of the total, and you reduced that growth rate by the numbers we're talking about, you're talking about an impact of the total company's growth rate of approximately 50 basis points. So our assumptions for the next couple of years are that we're a low, single digit growth company in all of the factors we discussed previously. So certainly, in the short term, that provides a bit of headwind in terms of our assumptions. However, as we've outlined today, our DES business is extremely strong; stronger than we anticipated it was going to be. We certainly have taken more share with PROMUS Element in Europe, we'll take this further upside. But some of the challenges that our competitors are going through in the U.S. provides us confidence to say we think we'll take more share when TAXUS Element comes out. And we think that PROMUS Element is on or ahead of schedule. So if you look at kind of all those factors, there's a number of positive factors that were not reflected in our estimates when we did the Investor Day presentation. So these things are going both ways.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes, we had the benefit in Japan of 2 things happening. One, some of our competitors within the endoscopy space manufacture in Japan, so those competitors were off the market for a quarter. So we had 1 term at it in terms of we were called upon, we're happy to supply their customers with product, and hopefully that will continue going forward. But we're assuming that that doesn't continue. The other benefit we have relative to that expectations is the local competitor that's coming out with the new stent, was delayed a couple of quarters. Therefore, we did not have negative the negative headwinds with that. Excuse me, couple of months.
Jeffrey Capello: I think, the other, Bob, the other dimension is geographic, right? I mean, we announced when we did our guidance thing in Europe, putting in a substantial investment, $30 million to $40 million in emerging markets, as well as putting people into some of the more mature geographies, put feet on the street. A lot of those resources are in place and as I'm sure you can appreciate, there's a training and orientation period that occurs after which you get the benefits. So as Ray had mentioned in his opening comments, we've made a lot of progress in places like India and China, but a lot of those people are just kind of come through the door and are in training. So we have yet to see the benefit of that. We'll start to see that as we hit the back half of the year. And then next year will be a much bigger year for emerging markets as we have significantly more feet on the street. The clinical trials that have been done, PROMUS Element has been approved in India. We expect to get approval in China. With a number of things that are happening, we are expected to drive up the growth rate internationally.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes, so let's just walk through the P&L. So if you look at the -- let's start with the gross margin line, it's on my page here. We had 67.8% gross margins for the quarter. If you exclude the $50 million benefit, from the supply arrangements, from that you come back down to 65%, not far off kind of what we did kind of mentioned and guided to. So not really any surprise. The surprise was that the cost of manufacture of that product for kind of the ramp-up period was lower than we anticipated. So that one wasn't far off. Then I see step through kind of the other elements of the P&L, SG&A was lower. SG&A came in at 30.8% versus our guidance of 33% to 34%. So couple of 200, 300 basis points, call that $50 million difference, right? Of that $60 million, $20 million was Greece. So the situation in Greece, we've been watching for 3 years now, carefully. And we took a very conservative posture based on cash was not coming in. Receivables were getting longer and longer. We made I think a prudent and conservative decision to reserve some of those receivables and deal with that business on a cash basis. What's transpired here is we had a window where the government of Greece offered to buy back receivables at roughly 25 -- $0.75 on the dollar. And we made a decision to go ahead and liquidate our receivables, which I think will prove to be a pretty good decision. So that was about a $20 million benefit, 1/3 of kind of let's say the delta. The other 2 pieces: 1 piece is due to the -- in the first quarter we typically have lower expenses due to kind of when merit kicks in and then there's this timing of trade shows and other expenses, acquisitions and other things that come through. And the other -- so that's roughly $20 million. A lot of pieces in there. And the other $20 million is we managed our cost base better. And so as we look going forward, if you kind of compare our beat, let's say the $0.12 beat relative to high end of our guidance, the $0.22 versus the $0.10, it's a $0.12 excess, we think roughly $0.10 of that, which I walked through my comments, wouldn't necessarily carryforward, $0.02 might. So you can multiply that $0.02 by 3 and get $0.06. If you get to the midpoint of our range, we're giving our selves credit for $0.01 on the basis or $0.03. $0.01 a quarter, 1/2 of that in the event that there's more of a challenge on the top line or some of those costs are more difficult that kind of keep out of the P&L going forward. So I think we're being a little conservative on the OpEx side.
Jeffrey Capello: And then, Bob, the final component is R&D. Let me finish with that. It's important. So R&D was $212 million for the quarter. In my comments, I mentioned, well, by the end of the year, we expect to be close to the $1 billion run rate. So that was just a step up over the next 3 quarters, up to kind of a $240 million, $250 million number as we exit the year. We have a number of programs which we terminated due to our focus on higher growth. So it's benefit in the 4th quarter, a little more benefit in the first quarter. We have a number of new initiatives that we're kind of kicking in. We have the acquisitions that we did. We've done 6 acquisitions. Some of those from a clinical trial perspective. We expected to start a little earlier in the first quarter. We're going to ramp up in the second quarter, but we still feel good about those. So there's a bit of a timing issue where that -- you'll see that $212 million kind of creep up throughout the year closer to kind of the $240-ish million range as we end the year. And we've got that by project, and kind of the people are eager to kind of going on those projects. So there could be some favorable in R&D but I don't think a lot of favorables because we got a number of things we're working on.
Jeffrey Capello: We expect some as they kind of set up their ne2rk and their distribution centers and their sales force. But I think as one of our competitors pointed out, I think it had negative impact on their business. We think that relationship is going to be a great relationship for us. That significantly increases our reach in the Japanese market in terms of feet on the street with a very established player and very respected distribution partner. So we'll see some ramp up as we work our way through the year, but we watch our inventory levels pretty carefully from an accounting perspective. So we don't let kind of inappropriate stocking influence our results unnecessarily.
Jeffrey Capello: And the other thing I'd add, Chris, is that when we put together the Investor Day materials, we assumed that the pricing environment would stay pretty challenging in DES, both domestically and internationally, at least for the next couple of years. So I don't think anything we're seeing yet is really causing as much angst on the pricing front. The vast majority of that was priced into our assumptions.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes, Rick, this is Jeff. So we are riveted on getting back to investment grade. And we spent quite a bit of time in the rating agencies over the past 6 to 9 months. And I would say obviously S&P agrees with us for our investment grade. The 2 ones that are behind we think are Fitch and Moody's. Having said that, Fitch has us on positive outlook, which means that they feel pretty comfortable that we're going to be investment grade short order. And I don't think Moody's is far behind. So I would anticipate that we would get back to investment grade by -- I would go out and let me say, by the end of this year, I think is a realistic assumption perhaps earlier. We are significantly ahead of where we thought we would be or at least we committed to be from the delevering perspective to the point that by the of the this year we expect to be down at $4.1 billion of debt. So on our $4 billion target, which would put us at roughly 2.3x debt to EBITDA by the end of the year, which is clearly, it's not the first notch above investment grade. It's probably 2 or 3 notches, it's BBB+, there where those statistics kind of lying in. And as you go through the statistics across most of the rating agency parameters, we're there already, and I don't think there is any debate on that. I think they're waiting to see kind of some stability in the cash flows in terms of revenue for this year. And I think there's no disagreement that we're not investment grade and won't be investment grade in the short term. In terms of refinancing the debt, I would say that once we get down to the $4.1 billion of debt outstanding with a 5.6% average interest rate, that's a pretty good rate. And the cost of buying out the debt in terms of the new debt you could put in place, I'm not sure that equation would work out that favorably for us. So I would say that we'll get done with $4 billion worth of debt, we start to pile up cash, we look for opportunistic bolt-on acquisitions and I think the topic of the share repurchase program comes back on the table with the board.
Jeffrey Capello: So Dave, we talked a little bit about this already, but just to go over it. We have significantly ramped up our position in India and China. It did happen part of the way through quarter. And as you hire people, we didn't get them all in the first day of the quarter. So it started, the ramp started. Some of the clinical trial programs have now been kind of cemented, if you will, in terms of locations, number of patients, so we'll start to kind of see that ramp up. So the pieces have started and we're starting to see some revenue benefit. But in Q2 you'll see a much fuller impact within SG&A of the impact of that, and then the back half of the year you'll start to see some real as it relates to the commercial piece in terms of feet on the street more of a revenue benefit. It will be back-end loaded in terms of the SG&A.
Jeffrey Capello: No, I think it was $72 million. I think the $51 million is the net differential because we are off the market for the number of days in the first quarter and then we assumed we'd lose a couple of 100 basis points of share. And so I think the $51 million is the net of the being off the market in the first quarter of last year versus the, let's say, permanent share we feel we've lost. So it's the net of those 2, Larry.
Jeffrey Capello: Well, as we mentioned, we actually had a beneficial impact in the first quarter as we were called upon within the endoscopy business to help a couple of competitors to supply products because they manufacture in the country. So we were more than happy to do that and we would be happy to do that going forward. They won't be very happy about that, so we'll see how that plays out. So we're not assuming that a lot of that favorably continues. What does happen though we think is in the tsunami region plus the Tokyo area, we are seeing a lower level of implants for a variety of reasons. Therefore, we're assuming that continues. And that's one of the reasons why we don't continue to see a benefit relative to what we saw in the first quarter for the rest of the year for Japan, it's a slight negative for us. But we don't manufacture there. So from an exposure perspective, I think we've done better than most. And as Ray have said, organization has done a tremendous job responding to a very difficult situation, so we're very thankful to them for that.
Jeffrey Capello: Well, I think that plays into our -- I guess the first part of your comment, certainly, that negative single digit performance in the first quarter is different than we expected and I think perhaps our competitors expected and some of them still expect. Having said that, there is still some risk in terms of the environment, some of the factors that we've identified, and that's why we'll be a little bit more conservative about letting too much of the OpEx favorability flow through until we see how that plays out. But we think we've done a reasonable job based on I think we know of assessing what we think the impact is.
Jeffrey Capello: No, not really. Probably minimal. We do -- I shouldn't say no, not really. That's not quite right. Minimal share loss in both cases. The answer is yes, but minimal, minimal share loss. Nothing like sort of what's in the conversations have been.
Jeffrey Capello: Derrick, this is Jeff. I have to go back and look at those numbers. Those are not necessarily consistent with -- mine was at, relative to the U.S. CRM performance, relative to our expectations. Clearly, there has been -- shows up in our numbers and there, the thing you need to be a little careful about is there are differences amongst kind of the replacement side and the de novo side, which we're not going to spend a lot of time on here. So I mean I have to go back and doublecheck the numbers on that front and get back to you on it. But we had seen -- the point that I made at the beginning was that we didn't have the data for the 4th quarter until really mid to the end of the first quarter. So the deceleration did start in the 4th quarter which created the angst, and we feel there as well as in the first quarter. So I'd have to go back and check those numbers. We can do that off-line but certainly...
Jeffrey Capello: Yes, we do. We do. And as we look at it, that's the number we're quoting. We think it's down mid-single digits. It will be down mid-single digits this year.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes, I think we've already given that to you. I think we've already given you what the results were and you can compare to it what they were a year ago.
Jeffrey Capello: So on the revenue said, yes. I mean foreign exchange is more favorable than we anticipated, and it's approximately $100 million. So that would push the range up. But as we've been talking about for 2 hours now, that we've seen some softness in our CRM business in the U.S., and therefore, our revenues are not going to be as high as we anticipated. So yes, we've taken down our expectations for CRM revenue growth.
J. Elliott: And Kristen, it's Ray. I think it's worth commenting too, if you look at the impairment modeling system that's based on a 20-year database, you don't have to tweak the first 2 or 3 years very much in order to cause a fairly substantial step 2 requirement in the impairment process, so I wouldn't over read it because of the nature of the kind of model that you're using, which is a requirement.
J. Elliott: And also, Kristen, I mean, if you think about what we said at the Investor Day, and by the way nothing has changed from Investor Day. I said it many times, I'll say it again, nothing has changed. To just point, it's low single digits. We're not 50 basis points smart, we're not even 100 points smart for start, so there's no implication there. In the early years, as you recall, from being at Investor Day, first couple of years, our focus on getting the double-digit EPS growth and expense control and productivity in R&D and growth initiatives and so on, and of course the sales growth comes later, so the simple answer to this is the 50 basis points here, although nobody likes taking goodwill write-downs, has absolutely no change in what we've told you and nor do we see anything that would cause us to change it.
J. Elliott: Well, it's 2 big things, Bob. One is in the near term, one is DES and where we believe we will fare much better given all the circumstances going on that we've described. And the other is simply the rafts of new products coming out that are going to allow us to perform at a higher level. So if you look across every division, I don't see a non-IC core. Other than some return to prominence of IDs [ph] because we have some technical problems. I don't see that situation changing dramatically. It won't be there. But DES -- CRM in the sense of new product launches in Europe and the products mentioned, and then virtually every other division with new products. If you look at what we just outlined in PI as an example, I haven't written that much material in PI since I've been here and I doubt if Jim did before that because there simply wasn't products to talk about. So if we execute the plan on DES, it was deliver the new products, we'll be there but a couple of areas or 1 area for sure like IC. I just -- with PTCA Balloon price monetized [ph], I can see how that area comes back in anytime in the near future.
J. Elliott: Yes, it's a good point. The aspirational goal for -- I think we've mentioned this number before, for India and China in terms of sales reps is about 225 people, and we've got more than 100 in-house now. So I mean, once you get that filled up and rolling with markets that are growing at 15% and then add to that to the comments I made previously, we should be there and consistent with what we've advised you.
J. Elliott: Yes, I think, Bob, I think Jeff just hit on it. I was just going to say the same thing. Internally, we don't view this -- the $0.22 is great from a cash point of view. So we shouldn't ignore it completely. But we don't view it internally as a $0.22 quarter as you might imagine. We view it as a $0.12 quarter or $0.01 beat against The Street and $0.02 over the top of our own on a decent sales quarter. That's internally how we not only would discuss, it's how we do discuss the quarter. And I think that's very fair to view it as a good sales quarter, notwithstanding the top CRM in the U.S. It's still a good quarter overall in sales relative to guidance and a $0.01 beat of the street, it's how we look at it.
J. Elliott: Yes, I think, too, Chris. It's very -- we would take strong consideration to deferring the revenue if it's over 30 days anyway. So you wouldn't see a load up that exceeded that from an accounting point of view.
J. Elliott: Well, on the acquisition side, no, we're not done but the scale and size hasn't changed on the scoping that I've already provided. First of all, that's the size of acquisitions that happened to be in the areas we want to be in. They're just -- there isn't big, big stuff out there. I always sort of disclaim that one because it isn't really out there for us, that aligns with our growth initiatives. So we will continue to make the sort of $100 million to $400 million-type acquisitions certainly in fulfilling out the 12 growth initiatives. So far, we're virtually 6 for 6. I don't know that we're going to win them all necessarily either. But we're in good shape right now. In terms of the divestitures, I wouldn't comment on that. I mean, we're always looking at opportunities within product lines certainly to monetize things that you may see as part of product lines or monetize some things as the opportunity comes up. But we'll continue to move forward. We're not done, Rick, if that's what the question is.
J. Elliott: Well, I'll let Hank answer the second part of that. I'll answer the first part. It has been a tough slog getting it done and a lot of people putting a lot of effort into it. But the fact of the matter is Guidant should have been integrated, fully integrated, 4 years ago, whatever appropriate time frame. So it's not really a case of that. It's a case of we had to do it in order to extract value and we had to do it in order to reset ourselves up for the future in terms of the approaches Hank wants to take and what is a new environment. So Hank, maybe you want to give him just a real short update and your comments on it.
J. Elliott: Dave, I wouldn't say any innovation because for the reasons Hank just described with the prior answer relative to changing environment, I think the pressure will be on your ability to take a premium depending upon your ability to improve the quality of outcomes in a proven way, in a comparatively effectively way, advanced patient outcomes, reduced rehospitalization. I mean, there's a long list of things there that I covered in my remarks and Hank just referred to. I don't think it's going to be as simple as -- and I don't want to be flippant about it -- but adding a bell and a whistle and suddenly expecting you're going to knock out a couple of 3 or 4 points of negative price where you can get a positive premium. I just don't get where that world is ever going to return. There was a time when that was true maybe not so long ago. I'd like to tell you, I thought it was going to come back. I just don't believe it. I think you're going have to have substantial innovation that's measurable and provable at the patient and hospital and economics level.
J. Elliott: Yes, Jeff correctly described the current situation. But what you have to take into consideration, they're down, some of that is real, some of it will be picked up later in the year. So Jeff's characterization was quite accurate. However, the big however is, our current expenses do not include the effects of project transformation, which is a $200 million cost reduction program relative to R&D efficiency and productivity. It does not include the effects of a major 0-based budget program that Sam is running that will have multimillions of dollars of reduction effect on our cost structure. It does not include any of the effects of our emerging markets initiative that we're deeply into now in terms of labor arbitrage and changing the cost structure and format of many of our transactional work that we do, and it does not include the residual effects of any of the remaining features of alignment for growth. So I said from the beginning, the expenses in the company are high. I've had people, peers of yours, argue with me that we can get much lower. I disagree completely. There is a tremendous amount of dollars here that need to come out and will come out and are not currently included in the trends because those programs are just relatively early stages of execution.
J. Elliott: Yes, there is a rough number that our marketing folks use but it's the combination of everything. I wouldn't know how to break it out. But there's tenders, are very important. There was countries or partially missing countries and/or areas within countries that haven't yet provided reimbursement. And then there is the -- kind of missing, just loss it there for a second -- sorry, data. Thank you. There's a number of people in Europe that simply will not use a product that doesn't have sufficient published clinical data. When you add all that together, my understanding it's high single digit to as much as 10% of the marketplace that we absolutely were not in at all.
J. Elliott: I thought you meant Neuromod. I thought you just slipped on your wording. Yes, those are the effects of TSA programs, support programs, that we do with them and things that we've agreed to receive revenue for. So it's also distributor countries where we continue to do the distribution support on behalf of Stryker as well. So there's a number of things in there. The TSA's are not in the revenue line of distributor support is. So it's all about Stryker's timing and timing against their plans to get things done and move things forward as quickly as they can. But there's no magic to it. There's nothing to read into it.
J. Elliott: Okay. And Adams, it's Ray. I don't think there's only a near-term disconnect if you think about -- because we haven't heard from Medtronic. So if you think about specifically what St. Jude said, they have been saying 3 to 5% growth. They're now saying 2% globally. If you take a look, we can't send you our model but if I did send it to you, what you would see half the first couple of years is about 1.5 of growth in our model. So the disconnect on a global growth basis other than the near-term between ourselves and St. Jude is 0. And then we'll see what Medtronic has to say about things when they come out. But I don't really think there's a disconnect.
J. Elliott: Well, that's the question that I think I just answered and that's that St. Jude is at 2%, we're at 1.5%. Once we get past the first year or 2. We may differ with them in a year or 2 because we think it's more negative perhaps. Maybe, I don't know, you have to ask them what they think with the next 2 years versus the 5 years after that. But in the years in our model, after the short-term effect of what we're talking about, we're at 1.5% growth and I believe their commentary was at 2%.
J. Elliott: Yes, the affect overall, Derrick, is 50 basis points in terms of the CRM effect. And you already said it, and Jeff said it in his commentary, we're being purposely conservative because we're not comfortable at this point with some of the things we're seeing in CRM and we want to let the year play out a little further to allow us to update guidance one way or other. So I mean, there's nothing hidden here. If the answer is are we being conservative? The answer is yes. And same is true on the earnings because the flow-through impact of CRM given its margins to ROI was pretty substantial. So usually when you get in this conversation, people say you're being conservative, we all ignore that. We don't answer. We've answered it for you very blatantly, yes we are because we're uncomfortable with some very recent trends in CRM. It's just as simple as that. There's no hidden message here.
J. Elliott: Well, we were focused on our efforts because of the reimbursement profile and a number of other business reasons. We'll focus our effort in multinational competition for the most part, not to say that we won't play with tiered product, David, to compete where we can. But there's a lot of issues that go beyond just being local and being reimbursed differently and viewed differently. So that's one aspect. But the key to this is we've got 3% share depending on what you're using as an emerging market and what you're using as our product lines. But at least in a number of published reports, and they're accurate, we got 3% market share in major product lines driven by DES in emerging markets, excluding Brazil, and particularly focused on China and India. So the opportunity for us and the demand referred from ICs and the registration of our products over there and the speed with which, that is the fastest registration anybody has ever seen of a major medical device in India. We have PROMUS Element registered in no time. So the opportunity for us is gigantic in part because we're so insignificant right now, as part of it. So there's lots of opportunity there. And if you recall back to the Investor Day, what I said on the emerging market slides that I presented is we anticipate being a sort of $400 million to $600 million sales player within the next 3 or 4 years. And I don't think that's a nonrealistic expectation given the quality of our products.
William Kucheman: Yes, Chris, as I said at the ACC meeting, I believe that it will continue at pretty much the rates we're experiencing today. One of the things that I continue to believe in, is that the geography aspects of what we talked about earlier, specifically India, initially are going to help us in terms of increased share. And I believe that with the launches of ION, I hear in the States, here in the near term, that's also are going to help us in terms of share capture. So if you look at all those things, there's some pluses and there's some minuses, puts and takes. But I think the net-net of that hopefully will be positive.
William Kucheman: Rick, I think there's a growing appreciation for the CRV value proposition. If you recall, we shared with you back in November, at the Analyst Day, we had about a 4:1, what I call competitive bid ratio, so a very, very competitive bid situation. We lost; we won 4. And that ratio, quite frankly, is continuing. And we're on track year-to-date to achieve our aspirational goal of doubling the number of our contracts, CrossCare contracts that we have. Having said that, I think when you get out and talk to various healthcare systems, and this kind of links back to Ray's comments about ACOs and value-based pricing, there's a growing recognition that the types of services, both clinically, economically and operationally, that we can offer a healthcare system, well a system, in that new world. That recognition, that awareness, varies by institution but it's increasing as time marches on.
William Kucheman: Yes, that is the Nobori stent, David. And I believe in Japan, at least the way we handicap it, that if you're going to get some degree of what I call home field advantage impact, as it relates to other regions outside the world, I haven't seen any significant uptake.
William Kucheman: Well, I think I can't really say anything much different than what Ray and Jeff have shared with you earlier other than to say anecdotally, just to give you some color commentary. In a recent meeting with about 28 healthcare systems, EPs representing each of those 28 healthcare systems going around the room asking the individual representatives of those systems, what impact was JAMA, RAC audits, DOJ investigations, scrutiny of the industry having in your institutions. 80% of the hands in the room said it's having an impact. And I would say of about that 80%, roughly over 50% centers have said having some impact on the number of implants being done. Now if you couple that with the fact that you have growing alignment with EP implanters, as they become employees of institutions, there's a dynamic that happens. And it's on a case-by-case basis, institution-by-institution basis of where the implantation historical practices begin to modulate a bit. And so we picked up on that as well. So it's very mixed across United States right now. But there's enough signs there that have given us pause at.
William Kucheman: I think the way we look at it is what is our year-over-year growth in CrossCare accounts versus non-CrossCare accounts? That's 1 way we'll look at it. That coupled with how the aggregation of the various franchises, product franchises, are able to fare in terms of incremental market share gains because of the bundle.
