Stefanie Cavanaugh: Thank you, Todd, and good afternoon, everyone. As addressed in our press release from earlier today and the 10-Q filing, the dominant theme in the second quarter has been the COVID-19 disruption to health care resources and elective or deferrable procedure volumes worldwide, including procedures that use our products. As a result, our revenue decreased 60% in the second quarter of 2020 from the second quarter of 2019. By geography. U.S. endoscopy sales declined 40%, while OUS endoscopy sales declined close to 68%. The difference in geographic decline is that the U.S. procedure volumes and health care activity appears to be recovering at a quicker rate, and the OUS decline includes our distributor channel, which was down by 76% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Both ESS and IGB worldwide sales were affected by COVID-19. As a result, total endoscopy product sales were $5.4 million, which is a 56% reduction. Foreign currency movements in the quarter did not materially affect revenue trends. The proportion of the ESS product sales to total endoscopy product sales were 67% in the second quarter of 2020, which is roughly equivalent to its share of sales back in the second quarter of 2019. Total revenues in the second quarter of last year also included $1.9 million in transition service revenues related to our former surgical product line that we sold in December of 2018, while transition services were only $200,000 in the second quarter of this year. We expect to be completely free of any remaining service obligations by the end of 2020. Gross margin for the second quarter was 43% compared with 50% for the second quarter of 2019. The liquidity preservation program we implemented at the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a series of postponements and cancellations of inventory purchases. And we also reduced our production plan to align our inventory with the expected decline in product demand. These efforts idled our production facilities for a large portion of the second quarter and resulted in a direct charge of $0.5 million to cost of sales in the period. Without this charge for unabsorbed overhead in the second quarter, our gross margin would have been comparable to the second quarter of last year and more consistent with our pre-COVID gross margin percentage expectations. Total operating expenses were $6.7 million or more than 50% reduced compared to the second quarter of 2019 due to cost savings initiatives the management team implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As we have discussed, we undertook a number of aggressive actions at the beginning of the pandemic to preserve cash. Our goal was to complete the second quarter with the same net cash use we expected before the COVID crisis, and we met this goal. We will continue to closely manage cash during the remainder of the COVID-19 disruption to maintain a balance between our cash commitments and business improvements. Descriptions of these cost savings initiatives were detailed in our past shareholder periodic reports on Form 10-K for 2019 and 10-Q for the first quarter of 2020 and the Form 8-K dated April 20. Our operating loss in the second quarter of 2020 decreased 40% to $4.3 million from $7.2 million in the second quarter of 2019. Similarly, our net loss for the second quarter of 2020 improved to $6.3 million compared to $8.8 million for the second quarter of 2019, an improvement of 29%. Cash at the end of the second quarter was $19.7 million, and we were in compliance with our credit agreement. Subsequent to quarter end, on July 21, we completed the transaction to sell common stock and prefunded warrants for total gross proceeds of $25 million. Concurrently, we modified our existing loan agreement to waive any minimum revenue covenant requirement for the remainder of 2020 and decreased our minimum liquidity requirement that was set to increase to $20 million this quarter, down to $12.5 million. The combination of these two transactions increased our liquidity by $32.5 million and greatly reduces our COVID-19 near-term market risk. The length of the runway from these transactions somewhat depends on the pace at which our business continues to improve from COVID-19. But in any event, we expect, as of today, that our liquidity will be sufficient to get us past this year's 2020 disruption through the readout of the MERIT trial in 2021 and fund the X-Tack launch in 2021 as well. I will now turn it back to Todd.
Stefanie Cavanaugh: So I'll start with our launch plans at this point. We believe if everything progresses with -- at the normal rate of the 510k submission that we will have approval by the end of this year, late this year. And so at that point, we will begin a limited launch that we would expect to carry forward with a small group of people for a couple of months. And then when we have our national sales meeting in the middle-ish of the first quarter, we would then begin a full launch and roll out our lessons learned from that limited launch experience through to our full sales force. As far as a bundling opportunity, I'm not aware of any discussion along those lines.
Stefanie Cavanaugh: Thank you, Adam. Appreciate the question. How quickly our expenses come back will be entirely gated by how quickly our revenue comes back. So we will be very judicious in returning our expenses across the board for furloughed employees, salary reductions as well as sales and marketing activities to match that to what our revenue return looks like. So that would be how I would counsel you there in your thought process. And we're watching it daily -- weekly in order to make the right decisions for that effect. From our liquidity perspective, we are very pleased with the equity we just raised, and we see that giving us a nice runway through this disruption, the end of this year and helping us fund our X-Tack launch and getting us through the MERIT readout sometime in 2021. So our risk has been significantly decreased.
Todd Newton: Yes. It's a good question, Matt. It's one of the uncertainties, I think, I would say, right now, as we look at our business is knowing to what degree have we been dealing with backlog, especially in June and July, versus to what degree we are really back to more of a normal health care utilization pattern. Undoubtedly, we have concerns, as do others, that higher unemployment rates and loss of insurance potentially can impact beyond the current backlog that we see right now, could impact recovery rates in the latter half of this year. So it's a good question, very difficult to answer. It's one of the reasons why we still are anticipating that even though July has been really a very satisfactory month, we still anticipate that the third quarter will likely be below the third quarter of last year. And it'll be a little bit longer before we see a return to pre-COVID procedure levels. We hope that we're being too conservative.
Todd Newton: Matt, it's a good question again. I think our opportunities were always exceedingly large in the bariatric marketplace. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, this is a market of 200,000 procedures per year in the United States, and we haven't even tapped it in any meaningful way. This is, of course, the whole investment thesis behind the MERIT study. And our goal is reimbursement. And if the market grows as a result of the higher COVID risk factors associated with obese patients, that is something we aspire to help address. But we just see that the bariatric market pre-COVID was already a very attractive market for us and one worth pursuing and one that, once we are able to tap into it and compete on a reimbursed basis, I think we're going to see tremendous growth potential arise.
Todd Newton: Well, what I mentioned that was conducted on Friday. That was actually done at a lab in Chicago at the ASGE. They have a fantastic facility. And I think this was actually their first training course that they hosted at that facility since the beginning of COVID as well as ours. So we've enjoyed always a really good relationship with physician societies, such as the ASGE, and we've always had very good success with their facility, which is just a top-notch facility. We have yet to turn back on, so to speak, the mobile lab, and we're going to be continuing to evaluate that here in the second half of the year.
Todd Newton: Yes. Let me take the first part of your question, and you may have to repeat the second part of your question, I'm not sure I heard it, Drew. But the prominent, let's call it, message from customers throughout the second quarter, lesser so now, but throughout the second quarter was that they just wanted to get back to work. And it really had more to do with them than it had to do with anything related to us or our procedures. It was just a desire to get back to work. But there was a large need to address things such as patient intake procedures and how to keep the hospital or ambulatory surgical environment secure from this highly contagious situation. And so we've had for some time a communication from our customers that they were ready to go and get started. And so I think what is interesting right now is that while Q3 tends to be a seasonal period that is somewhat lower than Q2, because of that period of disruption, I think we're hearing more from accounts that they plan to continue working through the third quarter at rates that perhaps in the past, would not have been typical. In the past, maybe they would have taken more vacation in August because that's seasonally what is done. But right now, I think our -- the things we're hearing in the marketplace suggests that procedures may continue to move forward, although probably because of these intake type of safeguards that have been put in place at a lot of places, capacity may be slightly reduced.
Todd Newton: No, I don't -- yes. I think on bundling. We have two products that are very innovative. And so there would seem to be less need. Let me reuse that word, less need for us to consider bundling in order to improve access. So I don't anticipate that right now, but we'll be looking at pricing strategies as we continue to get closer to this point in time when we can introduce the product to the market.
Todd Newton: Well, thank you, Taren. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today on the call. And should you have any questions or would like to arrange a call to have questions asked, please contact Matt Kreps at Darrow Associates. We also plan to participate in several investor conferences during the third quarter, all virtual for the moment. And these include the LD Micro event in early September on September 1 through September 4 and the H.C. Wainwright Conference in September on the 14th and through the 16th and potentially others. So we would welcome a chance to visit with one of you as part of those events. And so please contact Matt again if you would like to request a meeting. Stay safe, everyone, and thank you again.
