Todd Newton: Yes. Matt, unfortunately, I did mention that I don't feel like I should give 2021 guidance, and that would include ramp rates and the like. I just feel like that's better for the next CEO to come. But I can tell you that I feel like we have a really good level of activity going on right now. As I indicated, the -- those quotes that are in front of accounts where we're going through the new product committee process, sometimes called the VAC process, that is going well. And the limited launch results certainly give us a great deal of confidence as we pursue those opportunities.
Todd Newton: Yes. So our view, if you base it off the limited launch results, we are going -- we're using about 2 X-Tack devices per case. And those cases generally are at that 2 -- let's say, 2-centimeter size that we have indicated is really the ideal target for X-Tack or higher. . And so I think it will just depend a little bit upon each individual account and how often they are encountering those, but I can feel confident in saying that our view is that the frequency at which doctors are going to have those cases will be at a greater rate than OverStitch use within a relatively short period of time. Relatively short period being over the next, say, few years, couple of years.
Todd Newton: Yes. And just to remind you, Matt, I think you certainly you know this from our earlier conversations, we have, in some places, reimbursement today for ESG. And it's just not broad coverage. It's more individual accounts working with specific, let's call it, insurance providers, private payers, where they are getting reimbursed for OverStitch, the ones being used for ESG. And certainly, that's the case today for bariatric revisions. Bariatric revisions are nearly always paid for. It's an exceedingly rare situation today when we don't have a bariatric revision using OverStitch that is being just normally paid for. So what we're really looking at is trying to expand that and using the MERIT data to expand that and to really broaden this to being more of a national coverage and part of national coverage policies. That's probably still though going to involve coding and coverage and timing around all those things such that it's unlikely to affect us in 2021. Hopefully, there could even be some benefits in 2022. But the way that most of these coding processes lay out their calendars, it's probably more of a 2023 event in our future.
Todd Newton: Yes. We -- in our Investor Relations slide deck, which is on our website, and I don't have these numbers right in front of me right now. But on that -- in that deck, we have a number of demographic data points that talk about those top 3, if you will, priority areas that we have been pursuing. It talks about the population, for example, that is in our BMI range of 30 to 40, who also are going to be those NASH patients. And so I'd just refer you there. But the size of these markets are significant. I think you'll see that the number for NASH, for example, where the fibrosis levels are 2 or 3 and their BMI is over 30, but lower than 40, so it makes it consistent with Orbera label. That's roughly a 10 million U.S. population. If you go down to the -- to those that would be eligible for using Orbera, again, BMI 30 to 40 and the number of just total joint replacements done per year, that's another 300,000 procedures that are done for those patients that are within that range of BMI and so on and so on. So these are significant markets that can make a difference for our Orbera business here in the United States.
Todd Newton: Well, thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This will be my last call as CEO of Apollo. Earlier this month, we announced the appointment of Chas McKhann as CEO effective on March 1. And this is a good time for transition as great things are on the horizon. Today, we sit with a high-growth product portfolio, and each of our products are directed at high-value, large addressable markets. As I reflect back about OverStitch, this was a product originally designed for NOTES, or Natural Orifice Transluminal Endoscopic Surgery, which is a leading-edge and maybe you'd even say it's a bleeding-edge surgical concept. But no one is doing or looking to do oral appendectomies. 6 years ago, when we would engage physicians about OverStitch, their reactions would be, "Well, gee, that's a cool technology. When will I ever use it?" Since that time, we have answered that question. Today, OverStitch is emerging as the standard of care for bariatric provisions and for esophageal stent fixation in addition to various other core GI applications that call for full-thickness tissue approximation. Physicians see the enormous value potential of ESG for the obese as a primary obesity procedure. And in the months ahead, I expect us to hear more from physicians developing an OverStitch endoscopic antireflux procedure, which is today being called RAP, as a possible alternative to surgical fundoplication. We have taken down other OverStitch adoption barriers by building world-class medical education capabilities. We developed the Sx for those at locations or in markets who do not have access to a dual-channel scope. And now we are expanding the incredible versatility of suturing into the large lower GI market with X-Tack. Orbera, too, is under revival with a medical-use strategy that leverages its unique patient value proposition. Thank you to Matt Hewitt for that question of what those things look like today. And along the way, we have made some tough decisions to shed lower-performing products and programs to reach the point we are at today, a company with a clear identity. The future looks good, and we have specific plans for further improving the structural self-sufficiency of the business with very specific, well-conceived and executable gross margin improvement projects. We have dramatically reduced our cash burn, and we have probably the best ever balance sheet as a company. The business is certainly not on cruise control, and I would never say that it is, but we have a solid plan and the human and financial resources to execute it. So it's time to close the repositioning chapter and begin to write a great commercial execution chapter. I'll be supporting my transition and have every confidence in Chas, along with our executive team, to lead Apollo Endosurgery forward. Chas has an impressive track record, with a resume that includes successful commercial roles at Boston Scientific, Johnson & Johnson, Torax Medical and Intersect ENT. And lastly, to all the men and women of Apollo Endosurgery past and present over the past 6.5 years, thank you. We've come a long way, baby. Apollo Endosurgery has truly changed interventional gastrointestinal endoscopy as well as the treatment options for the many affected by the various metabolic diseases caused by obesity. And the company is poised to burn its mark even deeper. So should you have any questions or would like to arrange a call with us, please contact Matt Kreps at Darrow Associates. The company also plans to participate in several virtual investor conferences coming up ahead in the month of March. Please also contact Matt if you'd like to request a meeting as part of one of those events. Thank you, and have a good evening.
