Jeffrey Capello: So Bob, let me go back. This is Jeff. Let me go back through kind of the range for guidance for the back half of the year. So we've come out with our guidance range for the third quarter, is $0.11 to $0.14, and our guidance for the fourth quarter is $0.14 to $0.17. So you take the midpoint of both those, you get kind of $0.13 and $0.16-ish. That's the way to think about it. From a comparative perspective, that has a tax rate of roughly 21% in for the third quarter and 23%-ish for the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Capello: 18 overall for the year. So I mean, the dynamic is kind of hard to understand as we had that number of kind of favorable one-time things rolled through the first and second quarters of this year, which I laid out in the script. We had roughly $0.08 plus of favorability in the first quarter and another $0.03 or $0.04 in the second quarter. So there is first half and second half dynamic. The other challenge that people need to be aware of is that as you look at kind of the comparison from a year-over-year perspective, we had a lot of favorability from a tax perspective in the back half of last year, particularly the third and fourth quarter. So you got to be careful when you do these comparisons.
Jeffrey Capello: So I understood his question. He's looking for a guide through 2012, Mike. Thanks for the heads up, but we're not going to get that 2012 guidance. But let me go over a couple of facts that I think that can help you from another direction. What's going to be different about next year than this year -- let me just reiterate some of the things that we think are going to be different, maybe that will help you a little bit. At the Investor Day, we announced cost savings initiatives to save somewhere between $650 million to $750 million. And they would start to kind of kick in, in '12 and '13. So as you look at that list, and this is a roundabout way to kind of answer both your questions, but a big piece of it was PROMUS Element. So PROMUS Element was geared to generate about $200 million in benefits. And as Ray said, we're at or ahead of schedule for that. So that was targeted to be kind of a mid-2012 event, so we're ahead of that. So we expect that to achieve, do better than that. You've got VIP savings initiatives in manufacturing, which we continue to do pretty well on. This new restructuring program of a couple of hundred million dollars by the end of '13, we'll get a fair piece of that in 2012. And then you get the plant network optimization program, roughly $100 million of the savings of which will kick in. So we've got a number of kind of tailwinds that are going to hit us and help us as we kind of move our way through '12. In addition of the top line, as Ray said, and I think some of the analysts have already taken a shot at it, we estimate, as Ray had said, that the Cordis business for '12, if everything was consistent, would be about $600 million split between $200 million in DES and $400 million other interventional cardiology. That's a piece that was not included in our Investor Day. So that's upside. We're going to go aggressively at that. Certainly, the CRM market is softer than we planned, but I think the 2 of those, I would believe that the Cordis would kind of offset that. And I think that's kind of -- that would be our perspective. We haven't finished all the work yet. Additionally, we have a number of things that should start to kick in '12 from a top line perspective. Some of the acquisitions, predominantly Atritech, we expect to contribute at a higher rate, particularly in Europe. As well as Asthmatx, we'll start to see more growth from that acquisition. And then finally, the emerging markets. We are investing even more in the emerging markets than we thought in the back half, and we're enjoying pretty good success. So we start to see that kick in. And then the final factor I should probably kind of highlight, we thought we would have Progeny and INGENIO out, our new tachy devices and our new Brady platform at the end of this year. We're slightly delayed, but we're pretty confident we'll get them out early next year. That makes a big difference for our CRM business. Particularly on INGENIO, the Brady side, where we haven't had a new platform for over 10 years. So those are some factors that will increase our earnings power. But I guess the other factor is the share repurchase. None of the Investor Day estimates included any utilization of cash. And I've been clear that about that for the last year and a half. This company generates a lot of cash, and we'll be generating $100 million per month for the back of the year. We'll be sitting, whether we do nothing, we'll be sitting close to $700 million to $800 million of cash.
Jeffrey Capello: So, Rick, from a defib perspective for next quarter, if you look at our guidance, kind of a year-over-year basis, the low end of the range would present a situation where we have contraction of the upper single digits -- sorry, that's the high end, upper single digits, the low end would be contraction in the low double digits. And I think as we come out of the second quarter and kind of look at what's happening or we believe to be happening, we're just not sure in terms of the pressures, the JAMA, the rack audits and so on that we talked about, how much further pressure but that might put. So I think -- I like to think we've been conservative by saying kind of down upper single digit at the high end, down lower double digit at the low end. We won't really know until we see Medtronic's results, and I think it's going to take another quarter or 2 to kind of see and wait and to have things settle down. We're going to see how much of this is sustainable versus non-sustainable. It does not assume that we're losing a lot of share in the U.S. We didn't lose much of any share per our calculations in the second quarter, so we think it's certainly a market softness. And as one of our competitors came out with last week, the market has softened a little, clearly in the second quarter. And how much and how sustainable it will be or how long it will take to recover, that will just remain to be seen.
Jeffrey Capello: Okay, sure. So the $150 million is additive. So the $30 million to $40 million we talked about at Investor Day, and we're in the middle of executing now, was designed for us to significantly increase our commercial presence, feed on The Street, if you will. The $150 million is designed to fund both a new manufacturing facility in China as well as a new customer center. And you can think about that as a program. It's going to take at least 3 or 4 years to build out that facility, so that will kind of -- a vast majority of that will kind of occur kind of fairly linearly over the next 3 to 4 years. And in terms of return on the emerging markets, I mean, we enjoyed over 20% growth in India, China and Brazil this quarter. And we see that situation as one in which we're just getting started. You'll recall that our market share in India is only 3% or 4%, and PROMUS Element got approved a quarter ago. It just takes some time to get approval from a large customer perspective and get pricing organized. So we are ramping up very quickly, and I think that's going to be one of the upsides that The Street's going to see for next year. You're just going to begin to see the benefit of that as we exit this year. And really, sales will start to ramp next year.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes, I think what's happening is we see, similar to on the tachy side, that the pacer side's getting hit by a lot of the same dynamics that are hitting on the tachy side. So certainly, we don't appear to be losing a lot of share per our calculation. We'll have to see when Medtronic comes out, but I think it's more of a general market softness.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes. Well, I think that's a good observation. I mean, we track the markets pretty carefully. And what we saw in the second quarter, and once again, it's a preliminary finding because we haven't seen St. Jude yet. We believe in -- sorry, Medtronic, thank you. We believe there's been a bit of slowdown, particularly in Europe, a couple of hundred basis point slowdown in the growth of that market. And so we'll have to wait and see what Medtronic releases to kind of confirm that. And then I think it'll take a couple of quarters to prove that whether that's a trend or whether it's just a one-time thing in terms of quarters.
Jeffrey Capello: Kristen, it's Jeff. That's the biggest part of it. We came into the year thinking the CRM market would be challenging. And I think we now all know that it's going to be more challenging. So the biggest delta between those 2 is the CRM. And as Ray had said, from a quarter's perspective, we're going to aggressively pursue both the DES and the other IC component of that, but we think because of contracts and inventory level, it's going to take us a little while to kind of free up some of that share. That could be potential upside.
Jeffrey Capello: So just to reiterate, on your first comment, yes. We laid out the $650 million to $750 million, there was $100 million to $200 million of ZBB EMI included within that. That's exactly what it is. It's us executing -- beginning to execute on a segment of that $650 million to $750 million, which is going to start in earnest here this quarter, in the third quarter, and play out over the next couple of years. But that is inclusive, but it's incremental upside, as we look at next year, clearly. So I think it kind of relates back to kind of the questions that Mike and Bob had. As you look at next year, you've got $100 million to $200 million of EMI ZBB, which we've just announced. It's $200 million, and that will play out over 2 years. So we haven't really split that between years, but there'll be a good portion next year. You've got PROMUS Element, which is $200 million, which a good piece of that will be next year. And then you've got -- in combination, you've got the P&L effort, which have always stated, it's another $100 million. So you've got, depending on how you do the math, it could be up around $300 million plus of upside from a tailwind perspective. It wasn't in 2011, so if you do that on a percent basis, that's $0.15. We're being more specific on that.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes, I'd agree with that. And I'd add from the capacity perspective, if you look at the company's capability of generating cash flow, it's been very strong in the past 2 to 3 years. We just haven't had the ability to use any of that capacity because we've had earn outs and litigation settlements. So as we sit here today at the end of the second quarter with a couple of hundred million in cash, if you assume we can generate at least $100 million per month, so that's $300 million per quarter, we could be sitting, at the end of the year, we should be sitting at the end of next year with close to $2 billion worth of cash. And we're not going to sit with $2 billion worth of cash earning 30 basis points. So I think the senior management team is very pleased that the board agreed with our strategy of starting to return some capital directly to shareholders. And we intend to start that as soon as the window opens here in the third quarter next week.
Jeffrey Capello: And the nice thing about the capacity is we've got ample capacity to do both. That capacity's going to execute kind of a normalized share repurchase program and do a bolt-on acquisition and still have cash left over to protect yourselves against any contingent event. So we're going to have a really balanced, I think, well-run program here going forward.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes. I mean, the only thing I would add from a responsiveness perspective, I think our organization in Japan just done a phenomenal job. Some of our competitors lost manufacturing capacity during the event and actually lost the ability to distribute as well. And our organization has responded quite well. The other benefit that we had within the quarter is the Nobori stent. It did not get released as broadly as we anticipated, so we've got a little bit more of a benefit we thought. That will be little bit more of a challenge in the back half of the year. But I think our Japanese team is executing well. And they are eagerly awaiting the PROMUS Element approval next year to kind of start to kind of get back from the share that we'd given up.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes. I would agree with what Ray is saying. We've tried to back in to some of the numbers that St. Jude has been quoting on the CRT-D side, particularly in Europe. And it's difficult to kind of get to those numbers, so we're still working on that. Certainly, when Medtronic comes out, maybe we'll be able to better refine it. We do think that we lost a little bit of share, and perhaps Medtronic lost a little bit of share in kind of maybe 100 basis points apiece, predominantly in Europe in the second quarter. What's very difficult though is we've got Progeny introduced and in we're a limited rollout, and we're starting to ramp up full speed now. So I think some of that share lost on the strength of quadpole but also on timing in terms of us getting Progeny into the market a little later than we thought. But that rollout is going very well, and I think you'll see that kind of come back a little in the second half in terms of share.
Jeffrey Capello: So this is Jeff. I would say on the bottom line from EPS growth perspective, probably it makes us looks better in terms of on the percentage increase basis, at least the way that I look at things. If you look at the fact that the end markets appear to be challenging, I think in terms of tailwind, in terms of cost saving initiatives and kind of margin-enhancing opportunities, we probably have, relatively speaking, a longer list of things that we're beginning to implement than our competitors. So in a difficult end market, from an EPS growth perspective, we probably have more growth opportunity percentage-wise.
Jeffrey Capello: Matt, it's Jeff. Yes it is, but it has nothing to do with the write-down because the write-down all happened against goodwill. Really, it is -- some of the intangibles in the Guidant acquisition, now that we're past the 5th year, have dropped off. So that -- it's really the drop off the intangibles.
Jeffrey Capello: With that, we'll conclude the call today. Thanks for joining us. We appreciate your interest in Boston Scientific. Before you disconnect, Marla will give you all the pertinent details for the replay.
J. Elliott: And I think too, Mike, I mean, one of the questions Jeff and I get is particularly in the light of a softening CRM market, do you guys still believe you can grow at 0% to 3% in the near term while you're driving down cost. So we've gone down the checklist, and Jeff gave you a shortlist there, of if you use CRM as a negative, can you still do 0% to 3%? And we're still confident in everything we said at the Investor Day conference because frankly, even if CRM is softer, and it is, Cordis I think not only equals it, but I think probably more than offsets it. So therefore, if we execute on everything else and Cordis and CRM net each other or better, we're still back believing we can deliver that program.
J. Elliott: I'm leaving because I'm old, Glenn. No, there's nothing. There is no shoe to drop. Health's fine, business is in great shape. I'm doing what I came here to do. It's a great team. It's a great team here. It's not my plan, it's their plan. There is not now and never has been anything to read into my departure. The CEO search process is going well and going appropriately so, I understand the need of people to try and think facialize and read into events, but it's a complete waste of time. There is no story there other than the fact that the turnaround -- we're all happy about this, that the turnaround is exceeding our, expectations particularly I think coming a lot earlier than we may have expected.
J. Elliott: Good. Rick, I think what I'll do is I'll have Jeff respond to the first one because we'll give you a little bit of a layout on sort of worldwide U.S., o U.S., CRM or defib, I think, is more of the focus area. And we'll talk a bit about that. And then Hank is here with me, and while I could do an adequate job, he can do a better one on the CrossCare to answer that part. So we'll start with Jeff.
J. Elliott: And then David, I would add onto that, although we don't send you guys our strat plan obviously, but if you could see our strategic plan, you would note that the sales for China are substantially higher in our strategic plan than the roughly $400 million aspirational goal that we gave you at the time of the investor. So while the $150 million, as Jeff pointed out, is correctly incremental. There's a lot of incremental sales in our plan is well. And the final comment I would make is as much as we try to keep from losing money in India and China by investing heavily upfront, we're apparently incapable of doing that, because our returns today, not tomorrow, but today, on China and India are very, very attractive despite the size of our incoming SG&A investments. Because the sales are growing so rapidly at attractive margins, it's offsetting the early investment.
J. Elliott: And Europe just got new product launches, so that's undoubtedly affecting, along with Japan, the international numbers. But I doubt that the marketplace was there. In fact, we're fairly sure the marketplaces aren't particularly any better, but obviously, we get the benefit of new products releases there in Intergen and PUNCTUA, that we don't have currently in the U.S., would be the other factor I would add.
J. Elliott: And Kristen, on the -- it's Ray. On the $150 million, and it's similar to what I was saying to David Lewis, that there's no change in our operating income or EPS aspirational goals as presented at the Investor Day because what you're seeing is the $150 million, which is incremental on China, versus the $30 million to $40 million we've been doing now to create a plant position and training center, which then creates the opportunity to be a local player. And it has substantial benefits on opportunity to get at the marketplace's reimbursement levels and so on. So what you're not seeing is the incremental sales in our strategic plan, the incremental OI to offset the $150 million, thereby getting us back to everything we committed to on the earnings aspirational side at the Investor Day.
J. Elliott: Yes, and I'll let Jeff add to this. I'll give you the short front-end. The answer -- also, I'll start more backwards, the answer is we're busily looking at -- in fact, the board asked this question the other day when we went through the share repurchase. And we took them through all the acquisitions we are looking at, where we're at in stages of them, which divisions it was with and so on. So we're very, very active on the acquisition front. However, the reality is if you look at our growth initiatives, the probable target market size is over $100 million to $400 million. That hasn't changed. There's no monsters out there. We don't do highly dilutive, large acquisitions. So as you look at our ability to create cash and now our lack of need to pay down debt, you're going to have excess capital if you maintain that structure, and we like the structure. So the priority is always growth, provided you can get to the target companies you want and even if you do the sizes as I've described. And secondly on the share buyback, I want to be clear. Our philosophy on share buyback is buying back an undervalued company in order to create shareholder value. So we're not interested in spiking the EPS or spiking the stock or continuing on if at some point it got to be what we believe is fairly valued. It is simply an exercise for us in creating shareholder value as long as it's undervalued, as long as we believe it's undervalued. So the mixture is always going to be that blend of do we have a target? A target's likely $100 million to $400 million, that's priority one because its growth. Is the stock undervalued, and do we have excess capital, yes or no? And then, we will move our cash into the stock. Jeff, I don't know if you want to add any additional.
J. Elliott: And the last and final part. As I fundamentally believe, we have too many shares outstanding. And again, I wouldn't use capital to buy back the company if the company was fairly valued. But if it's undervalued, and by the way, you have too many shares outstanding, in our case primarily created from the dilution of the Guidant acquisition. This is a very action for us to take as long as we continue to put growth and acquisitions as the #1 priority when available.
J. Elliott: Charles. I'll get it started, and Jeff can jump in, or others as they see fit. So I think that's right. I think we, through some great management over there and really the way our folks structured things, we were certainly less affected. We were affected, but less than others. We did have the benefits of a couple of situations where the local Japanese competitors asked us to help them, so there was some short-term benefit there. Certainly, Fukuda Denshi and the really, really strong relationship that's building there, and their performance has been beneficial. We've certainly had some new products that have helped us along the way. So a lot of good things going on there, would be a starting place to go. Jeff, I don't know if you want to add some things on it.
J. Elliott: Okay, so on the first one, we'll give Doctor Stein the chance to get unmuted and give us some conversation back on clinical aspects regarding LAA. And then we'll get to the second question when Ken is done.
J. Elliott: Thanks for the questions, but we'll have no answers, Joanne. That was great. Two things, no, we wouldn't go further on the date. If there's a time when we can really nail it down for you and we're really comfortable, we will try and do that because it's a material item obviously in our success. And then just as a matter of practice and policy, we would never disclose conversations, good or bad, with the FDA.
J. Elliott: Yes, it's all about new products. In fact, they're on a roll, they have 6 of them. They are taking share consistently, at least by our measurement, every month, every quarter. The integration of Intellect, although not on the market because it's DBS, going to help us extend that future along with the new Falcon line, and hopefully some nice DBS outcomes in Germany. So there's a lot of good stuff there. If Michael is still on and can unmute, I would ask him to give you a little more color around my opening.
J. Elliott: Yes, I think that's all correct, David. Let me correct you on my quote if you don't mind. What I said is I believe that 6% to 8% growth in sales allows you to become a growth company, and it is the old double digit of yesteryears and presumably attracts higher multiples. I think exactly what you just said is exactly correct. But we have to separate from our Investor Day what we said about near term and longer term. So that math that you just stated gets us exactly to what you just said. So you're bang on correct. But what happens is though, when you add in the acquisitions we've made and the emerging markets numbers we have for years 3 through 5 which you don't have, you end up having -- yes, 2/3 of the business at 0% to 3% you talked about, but you then have a portion of the business growing at 25% to 28%. When you combine the growth in emerging markets and the new acquisitions we've made and builds we're likely to make. So the solving for x that gets us to 6% to 8% growth company, higher multiple, and all that stuff is composed of the early years just as you've described, next couple of years, and the next 3 years just as I've described. That gets you home to 6% to 8% on the top and consistent and substantial double-digit EPS on the bottom.
J. Elliott: Yes. Given our mix of products, I would say the answer is yes. It's a tougher marketplace over there. And I think that is we're very focused on, as I'm sure our peers and competitors are, on not so much the Greece debt crisis, Portugal and so on, but the implications of who's holding that debt and if they get caught into problems, could that impact the healthcare system. So if you think about Spain being a higher-price market as an example, and the amount of Portugal debt Spain holds, the amount of Greece debt that Portugal holds, there is a sequencing here in socialized governments of healthcare being affected if any chain of events happen. So the answer is yes, and we continue to be very focused on not so much "Europe," but rather the individual countries within Europe and our product positioning and of course, their financial liability.
William Kucheman: And Rick, this is Hank. In terms of CrossCare performance, we're on track, as Ray alluded to earlier, to hit our aspirational goal of 200 by year end. I believe that momentum will continue into '12. And what we see from the data that I get is that our revenue market share within those accounts versus non-CrossCare accounts is advantaged higher, as well as our margins. So overall, it's a pretty good combination for us. The commercial team is executing exceptionally well. And I think the strength of the cardiovascular continuum of care line that we have is working to our advantage today.
William Kucheman: No. I agree, I think the price pressure that's in play today will continue at least for the foreseeable future regardless of the factors that you just mentioned.
William Kucheman: Tao, this is Hank. As all of us who follow this space know, that acute performance, the ability to get to the lesion in and out of procedure without complication, ease of use, are very important attributes in terms of buyer behavior. So what you're finding with ION is that it's a very well-designed stent that delivers well, the radiopacity, the ability to see the stent, is very acute and well-received by physicians. So it's basically an acute performance advantage versus other products on the market today that physicians are responding to.
William Kucheman: This is Hank. Bruce, the only thing that I would add is that with our current technology, if you recall, we have twice as many pace convectors on the left side of the heart. And if you remember from our last discussion, the election trial data, which was recently published in Europace, demonstrated that our bipolar and devices, with this repositioning, basically successfully avoided re-stem without leave rete positioning more than 95% of the time. So that's very consistent with the claims that are made with quadpole. So we think we have a very effective platform to deal with this. And I don't know if Doctor Stein has anything to add to that or not.
