Jeffrey Capello: I would say that the restructuring plan that we announced, the Alignment for Growth plan, the savings of that program are rolling through 2011, as part of them did in 2010. But most of those are being reinvested back into the growth initiatives that Ray referred to. Just relative to the zero-based budgeting and EMI programs, two of the programs we highlighted during the Investor Day that are each worth $100 million plus. Those programs are in active planning stage, in terms of teams and evaluation efforts, but there is really no benefit for those built into this year. Those really start to kick in '12 and '13.
Jeffrey Capello: Well, it's interesting. I think when we went through the Investor Day, we had not yet finished the plan for 2011. As Ray had said, we recognized that given the Neurovascular divestiture and the dilutive impact of the acquisitions, plus the tax benefit, we had a pretty large EPS tax benefit of $0.07 for the year. So if you weed all those factors out, that $0.69 that we had in 2010 really becomes, kind of more of a $0.52, kind of comparable run rate number. Having said that, we had anticipated that '11 would be a bit of a challenging year and it is a bit of a challenging year, and a number of those factors -- we made the decision to put $30 million to $40 million into SGIs. Those are front-loaded at the beginning year and when you hire 200 plus reps in any given year, you kind of start to get the revenue impact at the back half of the year. So that's even more, kind of headwind at us. So there are a number of factors that were more headwind, that then in 2012 start to, kind of payoff, including some of the acquisitions, in terms of some revenue growth. So the easiest way for me to answer the question is, if you were to look at the model that supported the Investor Day, the midpoint of our guidance that we just released is right in line with what we ended up having for the Investor Day in terms of 2011. So we're not really off where we had thought we'd be. It's a little higher on the price than we anticipated in 2011. But as we mentioned in the Investor Day, there are number of things that we can do. We have about $600 million of concessions that we grant to customers every year that we can get a lot better at, in terms of, whether it be watching our free goods or product returns. We think we can hopefully work that price number down to a lower number, but that's something we need to work on, 2011.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes, so there is. Typically, the first quarter is more of a challenge than the rest of the quarters, for a number of reasons, in this quarter, in this year in particular. So if you look at, kind of the factors that I went through when Kristen asked the quarter on the gross margin, gross margins will be under more pressure in the first quarter for a couple of reasons. One of which is the impact, just the way kind of Neurovascular business performed a year ago. The impact in Neurovascular is a little bit more dilutive from a margin perspective in the first quarter and we also think price because of some of the pricing actions that happened in the back half of this year, will be more of a challenge on a comparable basis for the first half this year than the second half. Because we don't think that the pricing, on a relative basis, will be as difficult, kind of, as we exit the year. So this pricing is a bit little more of a headwind. The other couple of factors are, when I talked about the costs associated with introducing new products, so we have a sales return reserve of $10 million we're booking for TAXUS Element. TAXUS Element will be a little bit more expensive in the short-term as we ramp up that product and get the volumes, so the cost will be a little bit more expensive. We also have some product transition costs, excess and obsolescence planned, and some higher product costs associated with the new products coming out for CRM. Those hit the first quarter more disproportionate than they do the full part of the year and the final factor is in our volume improvement program. We work every year to, kind of come up with a list of projects that we work on. That list of projects gets, kind of cemented in place as we finish the year, and then as you start the year, you start working on your projects. Those projects tend to pay off, kind of as you go through the year because there's specific projects that you need to go off and execute. So there's less of a benefit of the volume improvement program in the first quarter than there is in the rest of the year. So those four factors combined -- but we're fairly confident though that, that gross margin pressure lapses, as some of these factors just go away and some of them we just, kind of grow in to, kind of the programs.
Jeffrey Capello: Yes, so price happens every year, right? So as you look at, kind of what happened in 2010, we saw some pricing pressure and a little bit more in the back half of the year. So that's built in and it had a certain impact to 2010. And then 2011, you start again with, kind of what you think the price is going to be. So I think the 150 basis points is the incremental impact on prices above and beyond what the exit rate was in 2010. That number is a little higher than it was for 2010. But as I mentioned earlier, we have $600 million worth of concessions we give to customers and Ray, kind of pointed this out in his comments. We don't intend to just, kind of sit back and, kind of let this happen. We've got a number programs we're going to kick in here to see if we can get that 150 down. But I think, relative to coming out with reasonable guidance, hopefully we're conservative in that area.
Jeffrey Capello: Let me just, kind of step through the P&L maybe give you a sense of what would be different in the back half of the year compared to the front have the year. I think the first factor is revenue. So as Ray had mentioned, it's roughly 150 new incremental reps we're adding in emerging markets. That number is about 50 or 70 light. So we're going to do about, in excess of 220 more sales representatives including the 150 that Ray referred to. So what happens from a revenue perspective is you add those people, you've got to train them, you incur all the cost from an SG&A perspective and they become productive in, it varies by business, but it's anywhere from the six-month to the 12-month in terms of full productivity. So we front-loaded the SG&A associated with those costs and we'll start to see the revenue growth as we, kind of exit the year, kind of in the third and fourth quarter. So there's a timing impact between the commercial investment and the financial return from a revenue perspective, and that impacts the first quarter. Gross margin-wise, I talked about the new product introduction cost, we have a $10 million sales returns reserve that we intend to book in the first quarter for the introduction of TAXUS Element, which we're quite excited about. We've got to get the old product back. In addition, we have a number of excess and obsolescence types charges to, kind of, as we look at migrating from our COGNIS and TELIGEN platforms to our Progeny platform, and there's a little bit more expense associated with that. So that's also in the first quarter and that's, kind of a onetime cost as it goes away, and we add the value implement programs, which our manufacturing guys just did a terrific job on. They've got all the projects lined up. They're going to get at those projects, but those projects don't show the economic return until, kind of slightly, kind of midpoint of the year and the back half of the year. So gross margin is a little bit more compressed in the first quarter. I talked about the SG&A. The R&D was a little lighter at the back half of the year, but then we've got the acquisitions coming in. So the acquisitions and the OpEx and then interest expense-wise, we did a number of things, in terms of paying down debt and we recently swapped out some debt. Those are all helpful. In the swap case, we didn't do the swap until recently. So there'll be much more of a benefit for Q2 through Q4 than Q1. So it's really a combination of all of those factors. It, kind of weighed down the first quarter, but it gives us pretty good confidence. We can isolate them. We know what they are and we've got plans in place to, kind of execute against them, that the EPS is going to be stronger as we work our way through the year. The other factor that no one's brought up yet, that I just want to make sure people are clear on, because it represents another element of conservatism in our assumptions is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have roughly $840 million of cash today. That doesn't count the cash that we'll generate in the months of February through the months of December. So we're going to start to building a cash position and our assumptions, relative to the guidance, is that we hold that cash and we wait and see what happens from an M&A perspective and a debt perspective. So there's some conservatism built-in with regard to that in terms of what we'd like to do with the cash. I think that's important for people to recognize.
Jeffrey Capello: Maybe, Ray, if I just add a bit to that, from an emerging market perspective. I mean, those, as Ray had said, those markets are growing 15% to 20%. The Indian market is somewhere in the high-200s, if not low-300s and China is bigger than that, and our share is in the low-single digits compared to 46% in the U.S., 32% in Europe and 54% in other areas of the world. So for us, it's not only the 15% to 20% growth, but it's establishing our fair share. So if you look at 150 reps being hired in both of those, transitioning more to a direct model in India, launching PROMUS Element, including clinical trials in both China and India, as well as specific training programs. It's a significant focus for the company and there's a large opportunity for us going forward there.
Jeffrey Capello: So let's start with the cash flow. So from a cash flow perspective, I think in the prepared comments, I laid out, kind of the cash flow for the full year. The cash flow for the full year, adjusted from a free cash flow perspective, at least was 1.5-ish. I'll give you that exact number, as I look for that, I'll talk about 2011. So we're still working on the rollout of the cash flow plan. Certainly, having lower operating profit, relative to 2010, will weigh a little bit on the cash flow. But we're still fairly comfortable that we can generate, in the environment or in the neighborhood of $100 million of free cash flow per month, so roughly $1.2 billion of free cash flow for 2011. On the strength of looking at our CapEx and our working capital and maybe getting a little sharper on both those. Which, if you add that to, kind of our position where we are today, in terms of cash, we'll be sitting at the end of the with quite a bit of cash and some options. One of which is to pay down more debt from an EPS perspective or do more deals. From the perspective of your question on gross margin, what do I feel better about, what do we feel more better about, kind of the increase or the absolute percentage of gross margin? I'd say we, kind of feel the same about both. As I mentioned earlier, when we put together the Investor Day, we had a certain path we're going down. That path, we're still on and our assumptions, with respect to '11, were directionally -- we hadn't finished the work, but aren't far off kind of where we are today in terms of guidance. And the factors that we think will drive gross margin, which include introduction of PROMUS Element, that's worth $200 million. We feel the same, if not better, about that based on the performance where we ended the year, from a European perspective. Our plant network optimization program's worth $100 million. That plant's up and running. We're having product come out of it. It's doing extremely well. We feel very good about that as an initiative, and then you've got -- certainly the pricing, we've got to watch pricing very carefully. Pricing is a little bit more of a drag than we anticipated on '11. However, I come back to the $600 million, a concession. So there's a lot of things we can go off and work on from a pricing perspective. And the other factor that we didn't talk much about in the Investor Day but is inherent in our strategy is, as we do these acquisitions, all the acquisitions we've done to date, those gross margins are more similar to neurovascular. They're going to be accretive to our gross margins in total. So as those acquisitions start to ramp up and the revenue starts to come in and, kind of benefit '12 and '13, that's going to be a positive mix factor for us, from a gross margin perspective. We haven't spent a lot of time on that, but that was the rationale for the acquisitions, bring in higher margin products, where we can differentiate and have less price pressure.
Jeffrey Capello: Maybe just to confirm. David asked a question about free cash flow. So the free cash flow for '09 and '10 on an adjusted basis was roughly $1.5 billion. And as he had asked, expectation for next year, at least at this point is roughly $1.2 billion, give or take, we're working on a couple of things. And the difference is, we had a number of positive tax refunds in 2010, as well as, 2010 was a little more profitable than 2009 will be. So that's the difference there.
J. Elliott: Yes, I just actually did that with the sales forces, Rick gave an update. So as you work down the list of the many items we mentioned, we're actively involved from a business development perspective in discussing opportunities with people and in looking at deals. So that's true. They will be sized as per the type or sizing you've seen from us so far and the R&D project shift that's taking place is done over about 2 1/2 years. So we had very little investment in these growth initiatives internally and there's a shift of approximately $300 million that will take place over the next 2 1/2 years to allow us to do two things, do the internal work in cases where we are the developer of the technology and/or absorb the R&D burn rates of the companies we're acquiring. So that's the answer on that. 2010, there's very little sales, there's not a lot of sales either in 2011 of those, Rick. There are some where we have CE Mark opportunities where it already exists, of course we'll get some European sales. But virtually everything we're doing, whether it's investment and/or acquisition portfolio realignment, the work is being done. The strategy and the layout was done in '10. The work's being done in '11 and that sets the table for '12 through '15. I mean, obviously, I wish it could be done differently. But I just don't see any other way of doing it.
J. Elliott: I should have mentioned to everybody, the weather, we're all in remote environment here. So I'm going to, kind of field questions out. People are over in Europe and Jeff and I are in separate locations. So Jeff I'll ask you to jump in and answer that one.
J. Elliott: Sure. Kristen, so if you look at the gross margins year-over-year and take the midpoint of our guidance for 2011, they're down about 200 basis points year-over-year, and there's really five factors that drive that. The first factor and the factor that has one of the largest impact, is impact to Neurovascular business divestiture. So that business, which had roughly $350 million worth of revenue last year had gross margins which were very favorable compared to our company average. So we lose that $350 million of revenue with above-average gross margins, which has a negative impact on our average gross margins. The second factor in the Neurovascular divestiture is, we inherit some distribution and some manufacturing, kind of a supply chain stream into Stryker at basically no gross margin. So the combination of the first factor, which is worth about 100 basis points and the second factor, which is worth about 50 to 70 basis points, has about 160, 170-point negative drag on our gross margins. That's the bad news. The good news is, on the supply cost side or the distribution side, we're manufacturing for them and helping distribute the product, that's a two-year arrangement that goes away. So that revenue kinds of tails off and the dilutive impact of that margin kind of dissipates at the end of the second year. So the first component is about 150, 170 basis points negative impact from Neurovascular. The second impact is roughly similar, slightly lower impact of pricing. We see the pricing environment getting a little bit more challenging in 2011 and we've assumed that in our guidance. So we're assuming that, that's -- call it 150 basis points, plus or minus of negative pricing pressure, which is more than we faced in 2010. Going in the opposite direction, as we've talked about at the Investor Day, we have a very robust value improvement program, where we strive to take out at least 5% of our net cost of our products every year. That's going to be helpful to the tune of about 100 basis points. And then the last two factors, one is positive mix generated by both PROMUS Element and some of the CRM new products we have coming out, that's about 60. And then going in the opposite direction, we have a number of costs that we'll incur this year as a result of introducing TAXUS Element in the U.S. and introducing the new ICD, then a new pacemaker in the U.S. that are roughly almost similar to the mix benefit. So just to recap, it's Neurovascular in kind of a, call it 150 to 170 negative price of 150, positive manufacturing of 100 and positive mix of 50, offset by 50 of, kind of temporary, kind of onetime of kind of getting new products in the market and getting TAXUS Element introduced and as well as the new ICDs and peacemakers.
J. Elliott: And I think too, Chris, and I'd just add quickly to that, you're absolutely right on Investor Day and I think Jeff's answer is right as well. The near-term, if you remember was zero to two years, medium-term was two to four. So if you look at what we have to do in '11 and obviously we didn't want to get into, at the Investor Day, of giving 2011 guidance as being double digit, we didn't give any guidance on 2011. But if you look at that two-year period, to Jeff's point, I don't think we're off it at all. As I look at 2012 without getting into specific guidance, I mean there's an awful lot of great stuff there. But if we don't set the table and invest now and do right things in 2011, make the right acquisitions, et cetera, et cetera, you don't get to do a really great job in 2012 and 2015. Somewhere along the way, you've got to bite the bullet and do this stuff and we have to do with it now. So that's the answer, but I don't think anythings changed at all, in terms of our view of the future of the company.
J. Elliott: Yes. I think Jeff mentioned that. I think what we're guiding you to, is roughly $100 million. But keep in mind there's virtually no margin on it. These are transition services we're providing to Stryker across a broad array of areas, to allow them to, over a two-year period, take complete control of the business. So yes, the answer is yes, to the tune of about $100 million, but the GP impact is next to nothing. So therefore, it really lowers that average GP, as Jeff mentioned.
J. Elliott: And Tao, let me add a point, too. Because Jeff touched on this, I just want to hit on it again. We are conservative in our approach relative to GAAP accounting. So when we take reserves for cannibalization on new product, returns of old product, we absorb that immediately into our margins. It's not offloaded into an adjusted methodology or a non-GAAP methodology. So we got to be careful here, whether you look at us versus other people or just looking at us, that you understand that's what we're doing so we take the hit there and don't represent it anywhere else.
J. Elliott: I think our pricing declined and I think we -- if you're talking DES first, I think we suspect ours and perhaps Abbott's price decline more than the market and probably is about where it should be. I don't think we saw -- maybe there was a point or so in CRM, but I don't think there was much there, it may have been slightly worse.
J. Elliott: And I too, what happens Bob, is if you think about INGENIO and you think about product lineups, and you think about PROMUS Element coming to Japan, in the U.S., albeit in 2012. Those are highly differentiatable products and that's in part, what's going to offset a lot of the pricing that's going on today is that ability to differentiate and sell and market of that basis.
J. Elliott: Yes, again, I'll let Jeff come in and talk on the first quarter, because it's not that the other three are abnormal, it's more that the first has more negatives in it. But if you look at the timing of the new product releases, just to take that one example, that's obviously going to make a big difference because a lot of them are late first half, second half as per my description in the remarks. And then the variety of things of that Jeff referred to, and on the top of that, I'll throw in most of the $30 million to $40 million we're investing in emerging markets is virtually all in the first half. In fact, it all will be if it of the hiring and everything done. We've got 150 reps that we're investing in, in total. We've already hired a number of those and they don't give you a return. I mean, it's all cost and lower return at the beginning of the game. So it's just a lot of heavy front-end investment, Bruce, because if we don't do it now, a year from now, when we're in the first quarter 2012, we won't be where we need to be. So we got to front-end load it in order to get there. Jeff, I don't know if you want to add some thoughts to that.
J. Elliott: Yes, I think I'll start out and then Jeff can jump in. I don't want to cherry-pick all the negatives, because there's positives as well, that Jeff mentioned. But if you just take the three largest quotes negatives, which will be Neurovascular, the dilution from acquisitions and our inability to plan for discrete tax items. I mean, that's about $0.17 right off the top and then there's a number of other items. So my comments, that I made about things not changing, are because there was no 2011 guidance at the investor meeting. I'm not trying to play word games. There's simply wasn't, nor would we do that. The guidance we were giving or the directional, aspirational guidance we were giving was simply over the near term, which was over the two years. So obviously, 2011 is a, what I call "set the table year," and 2012 has a lot of huge positives in it, unless we've misread things. So when I say nothing has changed, over that two-year time frame, perhaps a little bit of weakening in price late in the year. But other than that, nothing has changed, Mike, in our plans. Nothing has changed our initiatives, nothing has change in the aspirational guidance that we gave at Investor Day. I can't think of anything that has changed. Jeff, I don't...
J. Elliott: So I mean, I think the one factor that's different is, when we're sitting here putting together the Investor Day, the $0.04 of favorable tax that occurred in the fourth quarter, we didn't know whether that's going to materialize or not. So and that obviously inflates to $0.69 along with the other $0.03. So you start to kind of look at these various factors. And I think as Ray had said, the $0.17 is kind of a big number as you look at it.
J. Elliott: No, no. because our business distribution system doesn't work that way, nor does our revenue recognition. So that's not a factor.
J. Elliott: We talked with our teams about that, Mike, and just make sure that is not the case. We didn't see anything along those lines, that was adding -- I don't think that's a factor in this.
J. Elliott: Yes, I think there's two assumptions. What you said is correct. However, I wouldn't necessarily assume everything is dilutive. We don't necessarily control the timing of these deals. So the ones that we are able to negotiate, in some cases as you know, we already whole ownership in them. Conversations have been held. So the timing and our ability to control it on an absolute sense isn't necessarily there. So they're going to come, when they come if we can negotiate the right deal and secondly, to my point, I wouldn't assume that they're all necessarily dilutive. There are in fact, a couple of opportunities that look to be marginally accretive and would offset some of that. So the $0.50 to $0.60 is, as we know it today, and it'll move around a little bit, depending upon the timing and order of which we're able to exercise the strategy on the growth initiatives.
J. Elliott: Well, I think they're growing. If you just focus on -- if your remember it, on the Investor Day, David, my reference to it, as I used a couple of slides on India and China, we didn't talk beyond that, you're right and questions didn't come up on it, that I can recall. But if I look at those marketplaces, there's two significant things. They tend to be growing 15% to 20%. Some more, some less, but the average, that area, the ones we're focused on, and I would include Turkey and the Central Asia hub as well, in that, and other parts of the Americas. Our market share is atrociously low, but we have high brand recognition. So what I smell is huge opportunity and in order to capture that opportunity, we have to partnerships and we have to get a lot of feet on the street. The numbers we used, the slide's right in front of me right now, but the numbers we used at the Investor Day, for just the India-China market, was our ability to get -- I won't tell you what we do now, but it's not big. But the ability to get to between $300 million to $500 million of sales in those two countries over the medium term period. So over the zero to four-year period. I have no reason to believe that those numbers aren't reachable and that would make a difference to our company. I mean, huge difference.
J. Elliott: Yes, I think Jeff covered that in the comments and I did as well. It's a flat-ish, kind of 1% market, and you're correct, I did say that at J.P. Morgan, and stand by that, and I think Ken covered it earlier in his comments. In that, there is likely to be a near-term reaction to it. I think it's a story that our people can tell and explain to others in terms of the data quality and some of the things Ken referenced and then in the long haul, the underutilization is so huge in this country and the products, both our us and those of our competitors, are getting so much better in terms of the capabilities. I completely stand by what I said. Will there be some short-term sensitivity to the JAMA article? Yes, I believe there will be and we'll see it in reduced procedures. Is it going to have any meaningful medium or long-term impact? I believe absolutely not, quite the opposite. I think the stories will be much stronger on higher utilization than they'll ever be, on studies of that quality.
J. Elliott: Yes, the basis, as Jeff mentioned, there's nothing other than maybe a little more price pressure, there's nothing new in what we provided here on the adjusted basis. The GAAP one's a little different, obviously, because it's got the gain on the sale of Neurovascular. So just let's ignore that temporarily. So there's nothing new and the development of the $0.40 should refer to, some of which Jeff just covered under margin and I covered previously in emerging markets and other things. There's nothing new, from the investor meeting, that we've seen or that you've read now or heard on this call, with perhaps the exception of a little more pricing pressure, mostly on the DES side, which should resolve itself as products differentiate and people are able to tell an independent story. So it's a challenging year, yes. But is there something dramatically new since we met with you folks in New York? The answer is no.
