Ken Stein: Yes. Thanks. Thanks, Mike. Thanks, Robbie. Maybe the one thing I'd add, I'd just -- the caution here is against thinking of PFA in general, that every PFA system is very different and I think everyone really needs to be evaluated on its own. So the results you get with PFA are just completely dependent on catheter design, on waveform and on dosing strategy. And as Mike said, what people see when they use FARAPULSE clinically, when people see the data and we've now got published data including randomized clinical trial data, registry data, total data at well over 18,000 patients have reported at this point, and as Mike said, it just has compelling advantages in terms of safety, in terms of efficacy, in terms of ease of use and in terms of efficiency. And that's what you see driving the rapid uptake, both in the U.S. and globally. 
Ken Stein: Yes. And Vijay, I think just important maybe to point out. First off, right, the NTAP applies to inpatient Medicare fee-for-service, which is really a small minority of AF ablations today. Having said that, we still do believe that FARAPULSE can use the proposed NTAP related to one of our customers.  And actually, I think it's important from a physician perspective and a hospital perspective, that we're not in a position of having to create unique ICD-10 codes that are product-specific. That's really not helpful to either the physicians or the hospitals. 
Ken Stein: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Yes. So Travis, first on the trials, I mean, first of all, this is still a healthy market. This is still a very under-penetrated therapy when you look at patients who were at high risk for stroke and AF who stand to benefit from -- with the WATCHMAN procedure.  The trials that Mike mentioned, right, the first one is the OPTION trial, that evaluates the use of WATCHMAN as an alternative to oral anticoagulants following ablation. And we hope to be able to present the results of that trial late this year or early next year. Then that's followed CHAMPION, which is the all-comers trial versus the novel oral anticoagulants. Again, we expect that to report out in 2026. So these are now -- in the relatively near term that we're going to see those data points.  Before that, right, I think it is worth talking a little bit about that concomitant DRG that's part of the proposed rule from CMS. We're really gratified to see that. This is something that's good for everyone. This is good for patients. This is good for hospitals. When you think of valve outpatients who are undergoing an ablation procedure, first off, I'll tell you even back when I was doing these procedures, almost every patient who came in before wanted to know would they be able to stop their oral anticoagulants, and that is still true today.  And when you think about it from a patient-centered perspective, right, being able to do this all at one setting and avoiding the incremental risks that you have in undergoing two procedures, it really just makes sense. It also makes sense from a hospital standpoint when you just look at the procedural efficiencies and how that's going to help hospitals improve capacity to be doing more AF ablations and doing more WATCHMAN procedures over time.  So we're excited to see this. We think this is good for patients. We think this is good for hospitals. And we look forward to getting the data out from trials like OPTION and CHAMPION that's even going to further increase the impetus for doing these procedures. 
Ken Stein: Yes. It's still early in the launch. And I think one thing that I do want to sort of emphasize as you look at how things are playing out in the launch is we're really working with accounts to say don't change a lot of your workflow at the outset. Get used to using FARAPULSE, see how it works in your cases and then start modifying your workflow.  So really, what we've seen early in launch really are deliberately not a big shift in whether or not people are mapping. Not a big shift in what mapping platform they're using.  Now having said that, right, we have deliberately built our next-generation product and that's the FARAWAVE Nav-enabled catheter, right, that interfaces with the FARAVIEW software. And as I think everyone has seen, we've initiated our first human use studies of that earlier this year.  That really will bring some unique advantages to people who want to use a navigation system as they're using FARAPULSE. It is our desire and our belief, right, that there will be people who don't feel the need to use any mapping when they're doing pulmonary vein isolation with FARAPULSE who are adopting a very efficient workflow that's been used in a lot of centers in Europe. There will be others who want to continue to use a navigation mapping system. We have no intention of forcing people to use our system. We're not going to lock it down. But this new software platform really does bring some very compelling advantages to people who will use it. 
Ken Stein: Yes. And Chris, and just to remind everyone, right? Our current label indication in the U.S. in-stent restenosis, that comprises approximately 10% of current PCI volume. Internationally, we also see DCBs used and we believe there is a potential use case outside of in-stent restenosis, small vessel disease, bifurcation lesions, potentially even some acute coronary syndrome. And once we launch in the U.S., we are evaluating opportunities to expand the label. And those expanded indications could potentially take us up to 20% of current PCI volume. 
Ken Stein: Yes, Matt. Again, I think probably the first new indications we think about looking for would be small vessel bifurcation lesions. Still working through regulatory strategy on that. So not prepared to give you a time line for when we would initiate any of that work. 
Michael Mahoney: Yes. So we outlined at Investor Day the 8% to 10% and our goal to be a very high-performing med tech company. And so we're super pleased with the first quarter results that also led to -- and the business momentum led to the guidance you referred to at 10% to $12. So we're pleased with taking our full year guidance up. We did also receive FARAPULSE earlier than we expected.  So at this point, we'll hold off and look at our 2025 guidance later in the year. But we're super pleased with the momentum that we have across all regions and all business units. But at this point, we're not going to commit to accelerating growth in 2025. Certainly, our aim would be to do that, but it would be premature to confirm that at this point. 
Michael Mahoney: Sure. Thanks, Rick. We're very pleased with the results in Europe. We continue to grow above market in Europe and have excellent adoption across most major countries in Europe. And importantly, as you said, we've invested quite a bit in this portfolio and we're excited about the Prime submission that we just recently did in Europe, which will enhance the valve further and provide additional valve sizes as well. So we expect that to go well in Europe.  In the U.S., there's really not going to be any new commentary that we haven't stated publicly. We are waiting for the full year follow-up. We also will be working with the regulators, and we'll communicate in the future date the timing of the release of that clinical data and our next steps in the U.S. 
Michael Mahoney: I'll make comments and Dr. Stein. We're pleased with our WATCHMAN performance. We grew globally 19%. But keep in mind, that's coming off of nearly a 30% comp from first quarter 2023. And we still maintain, if not enhance, our strong share position.  And we're excited not only with the share position but with the growth of WATCHMAN, but also some upcoming trials that can further highlight with OPTION and CHAMPION, which we believe, if successful, will significantly widen the market, TAM, for WATCHMAN. So Dr. Stein, if you want to comment on any of that and also the concomitant item. 
Michael Mahoney: Thanks, Danielle. Really appreciate you asking that question. I would say the innovation has already happened. Let me just explain a bit more. We call it ICTx, our interventional cardiology business essentially. And years ago, that was dominated by drug-eluting stents.  Today, drug-eluting stents, I think, represent close to 4% of our overall mix and likely will be 3% and 2% in the following years. So it's really a very small portion of Boston Scientific and a smaller portion of ICTx.  So what's driving the 13% growth within ICTx is our advanced imaging portfolio. So you're seeing more and more patients come with more complex calcium and the growing adoption of IVUS imaging, especially with our AVVIGO+ platform to identify that and help the effectiveness of these procedures.  So you're seeing wide adoption in Europe of our imaging platform, wide adoption in Asia and growing adoption in the U.S. based on this new platform. So it's really the imaging capabilities as well as our complex coronary capabilities to break calcium with Wolverine and our other products.  And then in Asia, they've been very successful in launching our AGENT drug-coated balloon and we recently received approval for that. We'll have some minor benefit in the second quarter '24 from that product in the U.S., where we expect enhanced growth from that product in the second half of '24 and particularly in 2025.  So the team there has really done a great job of completely revamping the portfolio and the growth trajectory of ICTx. Also included in that is our Structural Heart business in Europe.  And CRM, that grew 5% and we kind of essentially grow in line, I would say, with the market with pacemakers and defibrillators. S-ICD business continues to be quite robust. But the bigger growth driver in our CRM business is our diagnostics business. And we invested in that many years ago with our Preventice platform and also with our -- now our second-generation loop recorder ICM device.  So we've really reshaped the portfolio significantly in both of those markets to continue to support the growth of the company. 
Michael Mahoney: Sure. So we have the NICE approval, excellent trial design by the clinical team and the product is doing extremely well in Japan and we have high hopes for the product has impact in the second half and more in 2025.  So currently, we're really going through the contracting process with most of the big accounts in the U.S. and that's initiated. And that's going well, given there is a high unmet clinical need with in-stent restenosis and the deliverability that's been proven with AGENT. So there's high physician demand for it. But we are going through the contracting process with the major health systems now, and you'll start seeing some sales in the second quarter. And we expect that to ramp more significantly throughout the second half of the year and accelerate more in '25. 
Michael Mahoney: Yes. We won't confirm your math. At this point, we're not going to be breaking out FARAPULSE cases, numbers, number of accounts, dollars and so forth yet. If you recall back to the WATCHMAN days, we really waited till it was about close to $1 billion platform before we provided that based on the materiality of the company.  But it's going extremely well. And importantly, we made significant investments in the supply chain 2 and 3 years ago to be ready for where we are today. And the supply chain team continues to perform extremely well, and they're able thus far to meet the demand in Europe and the U.S. and the future in Asia. 
Michael Mahoney: Thanks, Matt. Probably not too much new commentary here. I think in FARAPULSE overall, it's -- we're developing very strong capabilities to install, support and train doctors and really scale that up in the U.S., given the high demand for it. And we're able -- resource-wise, we put a lot of focus on that as we continue to expand that. And there obviously are a lot of strong relationships we have with those EPs given our WATCHMAN experience and our CRM experience. So it's a lot of resource planning and training and executing every day in the field to open up new accounts.  Dr. Stein gave some commentary on the mapping. So today, some accounts don't use mapping when they're driving maybe optimal workflow and many accounts are using their existing mapping system. And we don't intend to force our customers to move away.   However, we do -- as Dr. Stein mentioned, based on what we've seen with the our mapping navigation system, we do think there will be incremental clinical benefits and productivity gains in using that.  So we are starting to see an increase in RHYTHMIA orders, and we anticipate enhanced RHYTHMIA -- FARAPULSE mapping orders as we go through the second half of this year because there will be clinical benefits from it. But as Dr. Stein mentioned, we really want to have hospitals choose the correct mapping system and FARAPULSE works excellent today with the competitors, but we would expect some enhanced benefit with ours. 
Daniel Brennan: No, it was over -- it was -- not to interrupt you, Joanne. It was just over the 3-year period. 2024 to 2026 was 150 basis points. 
Daniel Brennan: Yes. I think over the 3-year period, all lines will contribute. And I think it's really a great part of the history of the company and the kind of the DNA of the margin expansion story is that at any given point in time, all lines can contribute. So gross margin at that 69.8%, I didn't love that this quarter, but I'm optimistic that, that improves through the year.  But we said at Investor Day and we reiterated it on our January call, that gross margin probably is not going to contribute this year to the 30 to 50 points. So this year, it's more of an OpEx leverage story. But absolutely, in '25 and '26, I think gross margin can contribute. Recall, we used to be at 72.4% gross margin back in 2019. We're maniacally focused on getting back and improving that from where it is today and have the plans to do that.  So I think the summary is, as we look to improve the 150 basis points over the 3 years, it puts us kind of at the doorstep of 28% at the end of '26, which is a nice spot to be. It puts that 30% long-term goal that we have really in focus. And all lines of the P&L could contribute along that journey. 
Daniel Brennan: Sure. Thanks for the question, Mike. We're not going to quantify the inventory charges, but it was much more than we're used to in a given quarter, and that's why we called it out and it has an impact.  I will say a piece of it, not an insignificant piece of it, is kind of due to the success of FARAPULSE. So it's not kind of all bad per se relative to our results, but it's still inventory charges and it still reduced the gross margin in the quarter. But that's what gives me the confidence and the optimism that heading into the rest of the year, we won't see inventory charges at the level that we saw them in Q1 as we go through 2024. On the capital, yes, a piece of that is related to FARAPULSE. But we also -- as Mike mentioned, we also have a really successful launch in our IVUS business, which has some capital with it. And not insignificantly as well, we have some in the Urology business associated with the Lumenis.  So it was probably led by the launch of FARAPULSE, but we did have a little bit more in some of the other launches in some of the other businesses with respect to capital. But overall message should be 69.8%, a little lower than we would have liked, but still have a goal this year of getting back to that 70.7% or slightly below that for the year for gross margin. 
