Mike Mahoney: Sure, Robbie. Thanks for the question. The second one is easier for me and then I'll do the first one. On the second one on M&A, as you know, we've been consistent over the years. As a matter of practice, we never comment on rumors or speculation in the marketplace. On the first question, really proud just of the global performance really across the board. If you look at on the regional side, as I mentioned in the script there, U.S. grew 13%. I think it's really important to note that Europe grew 20%, and Asia Pac grew 15%. So it wasn't one region or one business. It really was across the board performance. And it's encouraging in Europe, in particular, where we have an impressive product line in our EP portfolio and in our TAVI portfolio that's not launched yet in the U.S., which I think is a good signal for the future, as you'll hear about more in Investor Day. As well as in Japan, where we have our POLARx product approved in Japan, but not approved in the U.S. So the fact that the U.S. put up a double-digit number, albeit on some softer comps, as you said, given the COVID impact. The European and Asia Pac performance is really impressive, and LatAm. And those products -- many of those products are not yet approved in the U.S. So, overall, really pleased. You saw almost every business unit grew double digits. But I think, more importantly, and not all of our competitors have reported yet, but we'd be surprised if we didn't exceed the peer group across each one of our businesses. So the execution of the team is very -- quite strong. And also, I would say the -- clearly some underlying market improvement in first quarter. You saw the public hospitals report, good patient volume, particularly good outpatient volume, which is a good indicator for Boston Scientific, given our portfolio. Nursing shortage is still of challenge for sure, but has improved and the hospitals being very efficient. So the underlying backdrop for procedure volume demand has improved and is strong and our portfolio really meets the moment around the world. So, we're really pleased with the overall performance.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. On the first one, Joanne, we could give you a perfect scientific response to your question on the overall market. I would say, it's a healthy market for all the factors that you just indicated. There are some easier comps. Our comp for Q1 was -- it was [97] (ph), but that was based on COVID impacted 2021. So maybe the comps are a little bit easier, but clearly, the procedure volume is stronger, as I mentioned, with the hospitals that have reported. The outpatient momentum is quite strong, which fits our portfolio. And we've got a very strong portfolio cadence across the world right now. So, I think it's really all those things that contribute to a very strong first quarter and the increase in the guide that we gave for the full year. We typically have said previously that the markets that we serve grow kind of plus 6% in that range. Clearly, the market grew faster than that in the first quarter. But we're not quite ready to call this exceptionally strong market growth for the full year. We think that would be premature to do that and not responsible. So that's why we gave the guidance that we did of the 8% to 10% full year, because we do see strong underlying market demand, but it may not be quite as strong as we saw in the first quarter, and we'll see as the year goes on. On FARAPULSE, I was at that EHR meeting in Europe just last week, and the enthusiasm for FARAPULSE is very unique, I would say. The MANIFEST data was excellent. And Dr. Stein is here. Can you remind us when the -- when do we expect the trial to read out.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. And that includes POLARx, which makes a very strong contribution, and we expect approvals for POLARx in the U.S. in the second half of this year. And we do expect POLARx to be a nice part of our portfolio globally for many, many years. So that's having a nice contribution, and FARAPULSE is having an outweighted contribution, despite some still limitations in supply. So customer demand is outpacing supply, I would say, still at this moment. But clearly, there's a lot of enthusiasm. You saw the MANIFEST trial data in terms of the safety, the efficacy and the procedure, the productivity has clearly been differentiated. So we'll continue to report our progress in EP, but the momentum in Europe is quite strong, and that's why we called that number out for you.
Mike Mahoney: Well, Dan is a smart guy, and he wouldn't have said that unless he meant it. And so, I certainly support that. We'll lay it out more at Investor Day. But just overall, you see the strength of our businesses really across the board, and the portfolio mix continues to help us. It's what we purposely designed and executed on for many, many quarters in a row. Our businesses in the slower growth markets continue to get smaller and smaller as a percent of our sales, and we continue to layer on faster growth markets and better innovation that also help us with the pricing. And you're very aware of many of our key products that are launched outside the U.S. that are not in the U.S. that we can make very -- that we can make very nice gross margins and a high customer demand. So we look forward to bringing those to the U.S. and we'll also tell you about some other products or capabilities that may lie outside our three year LRP. But we'll share all that at Investor Day, but we're very excited about the future of the company.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. We do expect that to dramatically improve prior to having U.S. approval, primarily because we will bring -- we have really important strategic contractors that we have very long-term contracts in place with who are very much part of our solution. But we're also, in parallel, have internal capabilities that we're ramping up. And so, both those things will continue to happen for many, many years. But we do expect, particularly in the second half of 2022 -- 2023, I'm sorry, to have enhanced console supply to meet the demand. And we expect by the time the U.S. approval that we'll have significantly more capabilities in this area. So I guess, for that reason, it's the only reason why we're happy about the [timeline] (ph) and the slight delay in the U.S. with the trial to ramp up production. But we expect to be able to meet that demand in the U.S. when we get approval.
Mike Mahoney: I’ll take the second one [Multiple Speakers] As a matter of practice, Larry, we don't comment on rumors or speculation. I will comment on -- we did comment on the closing of Apollo in the quarter, which is really going to be a nice asset for us endoscopy, expand our endoluminal presence and a nice continued focus on category leadership. So we -- at our venture portfolio, we've signed the Acotec -- or closed the Acotec deal this year, we had closed the Apollo deal. But like we always said, any future deal speculation as a matter of practice, we don't coming on.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. I would say we call the market 25%-ish growth. So very, very strong as it continues to get more and more scale. I think it's important to note that we believe our share is maintained at least flat, if not actually increased over the past six months. So our teams in the U.S. have done a very, very excellent job commercially with the WATCHMAN FLX product. So we continue to see this to be a plus 20%, 25% market grower for a number of years here. And then we have these very groundbreaking trials with [Option] (ph), with CHAMPION, and we just highlighted LOUS 4, which will follow those. So we're very committed to the market developments of this category and expanding the indication over time through these clinical trials, assuming that they're positive. And I think just as importantly, we look to continue that momentum with our product cadence. We have a differentiated steerable sheath that will be approved in the coming nine months. And then our third generation WATCHMAN product, which we will be launching kind of around this time next year or first quarter next year. So we've got the portfolio and the clinical work to continue to expand the market, and the team is doing an excellent job globally.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. In the first quarter, we did see an improvement out of that global business. The overall business grew 14%, led by our deep brain simulation business that had a terrific quarter. And Spinal Cord trended fine, about 9%. So in the quarter, there definitely was some improvement in staffing, which likely helped the entire market and the Neuromod business. And as we said, there are some slightly favorable comps as well in the quarter comparing to the 2021 COVID year. But overall, we expect that business and the pain size to grow above market and the brain side, DBS, significantly above market. And we're very excited about this new [indiscernible] capability. The one challenge with that deep brain stimulation, it's an excellent procedure, but it's -- it takes quite a bit of time and a lot of coordination between neurologists, implanting physicians the, patient. And we believe this software enhancement will continue to improve the productivity and cycle time for patients. So overall, I think it's too early to call what we think the market will be for spinal cord stim for the full year. We still would say maybe mid-single digits, kind of 5%, 6% is where we would land if you force us to give you a number now.
Mike Mahoney: Well, I would say, again, we're super proud of the quarter we exceeded, we believe, the peer group and did well across every region. I won't go through everyone. We do think there are -- despite it being a 9.7% comp, again, it's off of a lighter 2021. So we do think there is some comp benefit there despite it showing a 9.7% if you look at the number. But that doesn't take away from the excellent performance in the quarter overall as you compare to our peers. So I just think it would be not prudent for us to assume the same market growth for the remainder of the year when traditionally, this has been a, call it, 6.5% markets that we serve in. And over time, you're going to see that served market growth continue to expand like we have every couple of years based on our portfolio. So to say that the market's kind of jumped from 6% to 10% over the last six months probably isn't feasible. So we think that the markets are healthy. We still think the market's growth is kind of 6% to 7% where we serve. And those will hopefully increase over time as our strategy continues to play out, but it's too soon to call the first quarter performance for the market lapping every quarter.
Mike Mahoney: Yes, Matt, thank you, first of all, for bringing up these other businesses that are over $2 billion and growing very fast and accretive to our margin profile overall. FARAPULSE, we love, but sometimes it drowns out everything else we're doing as a company. On PI -- Interventional Oncology, so pleased with overall that BTG acquisition after we -- it's been integrated very well. [indiscernible] and the team do a really nice job with that. We continue to take core share with Y90. The cryo product that we have has been a surprise for us, does extremely well globally. And this Obsidio should be, again, another differentiated product around out that portfolio even further. It just speaks to the category leadership focus that we have as a company. So we're very well positioned from a portfolio standpoint. The team is also pushing for new clinical indications. It's very early. They won't be impacted in the LRP, but we think Y90 and other therapies can be used outside their current indications, and we hope to prove that through our clinical science over the coming five years. So we want to invest long term there. So we see a bright future overall for Interventional Oncology, and we're positioned well. And the same goes for the -- similar words, although be it different products for urology. We're the clear global leader here. The team has taken LithoVue, the single-use scope and pioneered that and really want to continue to pioneer that industry and tie in our pressure sensor, other AI algorithms and fluid management to create a smarter, more efficient system that's more productive for the doctor and the staff and have better outcomes for patients. So we call that Stone Smart and that's a multiyear journey that the team continues to execute well on. So I think that differentiated product, as well as the other key components of that urology business make Boston really preferred partners for most customers. We have to earn that every day with our clinical people and our smart contracting, but we have a very robust portfolio to serve that call point.
Dan Brennan: And then specific to Q2, Robbie, just to double-click a bit on that. As Mike said, relative to CRM, that grew 8% in the quarter. We had talked about at the beginning of the year, that kind of growing at market, lower single digits. We have some replacement trends that start to get a little bit more challenging. So that 8% probably a bit outsized for what we're expecting there. And then Neuromod, as you look at that, that's a business that over the last many quarters has been kind of in that low single-digit range and to pop 14%, that's great in the quarter. But I think a little early to call the ball on that market and say that it's fully recovered. So just the 7% to 9%, I think, is appropriately prudent for second quarter guidance.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Travis. I think I can probably take both of those. Capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. It's been an equation that's worked well for us for many years here relative to capital allocation. So, first priority is high-quality tuck-in adjacent to high growth M&A. And Mike just gave you a couple of examples of those that we've closed this year. And then, we fill in on the back with any excess cash for share repurchase. And as you know, obviously, don't pay dividend this time. So I think that's clear. With respect to the drop-through in the quarter, as I look at it, we kind of beat the midpoint of the range and the consensus by $200 million. You drop that through at our overall margin percentage and you get to about $0.02 to $0.03 of additional adjusted EPS, you would have expected. We delivered 3.5. I think that's kind of in that range. We're at 25.5% adjusted operating margin. I think that puts us right in place to achieve that 26.4% for the year. So I think all is well relative to the margin profile. And the 26.4%, again, it would be 80 basis points on top of last year, which I think gives us a bit of a differentiated expansion versus our peer set.
Dan Brennan: And then relative to your specific question on leverage. I'd say. it's been a focused and intentional journey for us to get back to BBB+ with all three rating agencies that rate us. And very comfortable there, obviously, committed to investment grade and comfortable at that BBB+ rating.
Dan Brennan: I wouldn't comment on specific dilution and this and that. I think, from our perspective, relative to the M&A environment. We're committed to looking at deals that are high growth and tuck-in acquisitions as we've done.
Dan Brennan: I would attend our Investor Day. We'll give you a sense then [indiscernible] LRP is for 2024, 2025 and 2026. We'll see how this year plays out over the next few quarters. But I would imagine, as we have at prior Investor Days, we'll give you a good sense there about what we think the next three years look like.
Dan Brennan: Sure. I think I would say I'm not where I want to be yet on free cash flow conversion. It's a key focus item for us. Some things are structural and some are probably a bit more transient and focused on working capital. The foundational ones are as an acquisitive company. And we're going to continue, obviously, over time to be acquiring companies. We're going to have integration costs. So that's a cost that kind of gets in the way of free cash flow conversion. We have had in the past, we've had litigation challenges. I think those are waning over time here. That's a good thing. So that's one less thing that will get in the way of that. We have restructuring as well. So restructuring charges, I think good hygiene of a company to continue to drive out continuous improve drive out unnecessary costs. So I think those are still going to be there. So from a foundational perspective, those are a bit challenging relative to the difference between operating cash flow and adjusted cash flow. On the working capital side, the things that we really focus on there, relative to receivables and payables, inventory, have a real maniacal focus inside the company to continue to make those -- continue to be in our favor. So, some things are structural relative to how the differences between operational and adjusted free cash flow. Others have our focus. But the takeaway is, we are probably not where I want to be, but focused on improving that over time.
Ken Stein: Yes. So our U.S. IDE trial, Joanne, is ADVENT. It's the most rigorous trial that anyone's done in this space. It's a double-blind randomized trial against conventional thermal ablation. Continue to expect to present that data second half of this year, submit to the FDA at the same time. So again, continue to anticipate U.S. approval in 2024.
Ken Stein: And then, Larry, on sort of the evolution of FARAPULSE. We certainly are looking at alternate catheter form factors. And as you mentioned, there are a lot of different things that you can do with pulse field energy and with the FARAWAVE platform or FARAPULSE platform. I do think it's important, though, as you think through that, to think through the different use cases. And so for atrial fibrillation, whether it's paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, where really the goal of therapy is just pulmonary vein isolation or whether it's persistent atrial fibrillation where you may very well need to go beyond that, do pulmonary vein isolation plus posterior wall isolation, which we're investigating right now in our ADVANTAGE trial. And as Mike noted in his prepared remarks, we've already begun enrollment in that trial and really our -- I'd say, beyond please, at the excitement at the rate at which we're enrolling in that trial. When you think about both of those use cases, right, it's our belief and in fact, the data that you've seen from things like MANIFEST supports that belief that the FARAWAVE catheter itself is uniquely well suited among all the competing technologies for achieving those goals. So again, when you think about AF ablation, right, we think that the FARAWAVE catheter is the best of the catheter form factors out there. And then when you couple that with the waveform that we deliver, when you couple that with the dosing protocol that we've optimized over the many years of preclinical and clinical research that FARAPULSE did and that we've continued since the acquisition, we are really satisfied with that as the catheter that's going to be preferred for [afib] (ph) ablation. And then it's adding on like some of these other form factors that you talk about as we think about some of the smaller use cases beyond the afib market.
Ken Stein: Vijay, it's Ken. Let me start with a question about FARAPULSE and FARAWAVE and really answer in two parts, right? So the first part, so the current catheter that we have approved in the C-Mark countries and as Mike said, in Singapore, and that we're evaluating the U.S. in the ADVENT trial, is a "single shot catheter". So it's not a point-by-point ablation catheter. And as I said to Larry, it's a catheter form factor that really is uniquely well suited for pulmonary vein isolation and for posterior wall isolation. And again, we firmly believe that this is the best form factor out there than for tackling the vast majority of patients are undergoing atrial fibrillation ablation. Now having said that, and I think sort of the proof behind that is, when you look at our commercial release in Europe, we are taking share both from centers that were "single shot centers", so the cryo users, but also taking share from folks who were very well known in the field for their point-by-point RF ablation. I'd say we've really been impressed and pleased at the way we're converting folks who were point-by-point users into PFA and that's based on the safety, based on the efficacy and also, frankly, based on the efficiency of ablation with FARAWAVE.
Ken Stein: Yes. Sure, Danielle. I guess I'll take that first one, and we'll see on the follow-up. I mean, the easy answer to what your question was, is yes. We do see FARAPULSE accelerating adoption of AF ablation. AF, right, is the most common sustained arrhythmia that's seen globally. In fact, ablation today for current indications is still very much underpenetrated. It's underpenetrated for a couple of reasons, right? And one is, safety concerns around the procedure. One is, just the skill level and the relative inefficiency of AF ablations today using thermal energy. So I think, first of all, with the FARAPULSE system with FARAWAVE and again, the safety the efficacy and the procedural efficiency, I think it's going to pull more people in who are currently indicated. And then also believe that there's a real opportunity to drive further use of this, the patients with persistent atrial fibrillation, where frankly, conventional thermal ablation results are marginal at best. And it's one of the reasons we're so excited about the ADVANTAGE trial that we recently began enrollment in the United States, which is aimed to getting approval and indication for FARAWAVE for persistent atrial fibrillation as well as paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
Ken Stein: Yes, Chris. I'll take MANIFEST first and then say a few words about where we think we need to be in terms of mapping. And so, I mean, as you said in the question, there were some very important differences in trial design between our ADVENT study and what you saw in MANIFEST. And some towards the positive, some towards the negative. There are differences actual definition of endpoints. So in MANIFEST, that 80% number that you cite allowed for patients to still be on previously an effective antiarrhythmic drug over the course of the year that would not count as a success in ADVENT. And the actual -- just the monitoring strategy in ADVENT is a lot more intensive than it was in a registry like MANIFEST. On the other hand of that is that MANIFEST is the first broad rollout and real-world commercial experience as opposed to just going to some highly selected clinical trial sites. I think what I'd urge on ADVENT really importance is the comparison in the randomized trial against thermal ablation techniques. The trial right is designed as a non-inferiority trial. We would have had to design a much larger trial to be able to use superiority as a primary endpoint, although if we hit non-inferiority, we're allowed to test for superiority. But really, the goal in ADVENT is, again, to get regulatory approval based on non-inferiority versus thermal techniques. And then let's look at a real-world use. Let's see if we can duplicate results like the MANIFEST results in the United States. On mapping, I think we anticipate in the United States, we'll see more use of mapping than we see in Europe for the obvious economic reasons. Having said that, right, for paroxysmal afib, where you're just doing pulmonary vein isolation, it's pretty clear that you don't have the map to have a successful procedure with FARAPULSE and the MANIFEST results speak for themselves in that regard. And I'd expect things to split out pretty much the same way they do with cryoablation. When you go beyond that, though, I think there will be more of a tendency to want to map those cases. And so, we will have a second generation FARAWAVE catheter that will be integrated with the Rhythmia system, but we're never going to force people to use Rhythmia. We're always going to maintain it as an open system. You can map with whatever system you want, although we believe with some of the enhancements we're going to bring out, it's going to drive a lot of folks to want to use Rhythmia when they want to map FARAWAVE case.
