Charles McKhann: Yes. No great, great question Matt. And honestly we're still learning as we go, but as you know, the hospital group procurement processes are called value analysis committees typically. And there's a variable process right now. What I can say is that the value proposition for X-Tack is very favorable, and so when we go through those reviews, they've been very well-received. But some hospitals are quite slow right now in coming out of a COVID environment of how quickly they just even will put things through the process. I mentioned that we've got a very robust pipeline, valued at more than a $1 million. This potential -- is referencing. And -- but they'll take a number of months to unfold, we would anticipate, but the sales team has done a nice job of casting a wide net, but still focused primarily within an original group that was referred to in the prior calls of our existing overseas user. So, in a targeted way, but making sure we get the quotes out and into the processes and all those accounts.
Charles McKhann: Yes. No -- also great question. First, I mentioned it in the prepared remarks, but really to emphasize one of the things that we've seen is the range of uses of X-Tack. I know in the prior communication, there was a lot of focus on the lower GI because that is new for Apollo, right OverStitch primarily use the upper GI. But what we've seen is and there's a new slide in our investor deck that shows even from the limited launch, a whole wide range of uses across upper and lower GI. So we're really encouraged by that. It's still quite early in terms of hospitals that have a number of months of runway, but we are pleased to see that a number of those have already started to reorder monthly, and we have a little bit more history under our belts, we'll be able to provide more granularity about reorder patterns.
Charles McKhann: All really good questions and frankly, ones that we're still working through with not one, but two agencies, that's part of the benefit of having a breakthrough designation. You negotiate and ultimately agree on a trial with both FDA and CMS. I can tell you we are in active discussions with both agencies. And as we work through those, we’ll get better direction from them about the size of the trial, but we do expect it's going to take a new trial to prospectively evaluate, specifically, in this patient population. But you're asking me great questions about the size of the trial, and number of patients, those sorts of things. And we just don't have that agreement yet with the agency. I did very intentionally, as I described my three phases. Think of the NASH opportunity in a third phase. I think it is going to take a few years to really work through. In the meantime, we are incredibly encouraged by what we're seeing with the balloons. And I think some of it, there's some factors that are more near term in nature, contributing that, the gene 15 associated with COVID is real. There have been articles published in the New York Times and a recent publication in JAMA, about how much weight gain we've seen, typically at a 1.5 pounds per month. So we think that is actually impacting end user demand. We are seeing some differences in site of service and bariatric practices embracing the balloon. And then I mentioned the age lines, which are very positive development and for the first time embracing the balloon. So I think we do have some opportunities in the near term with our existing balloon business, while we work on the strategic repositioning associated with that.
Charles McKhann: Yeah. Matt, great questions, Let's take the outside of the U.S. part of that question first, because as Stef mentioned, the one area where we've some downsized from a COVID standpoint, mostly has been with Endoscopic Suturing, especially in our direct markets in Europe. And it's not surprising, right? Those cases typically are more impatient procedures. And if you go back to Q1, the U.K. was basically shutdown then other markets were shutdown. And we're still seeing some lingering effects of that. So, just in the month of April, again, not telling you anything you don't know about markets like France being closed down over the month of April. So, these are -- so we certainly see a recovery there overtime. And it's hard to predict exactly the pace. We need to remind ourselves even a lot of -- as a people in the U.S. are getting vaccinated. I think it's accurate to say that more people are currently suffering from the virus than any point during the pandemic when we look globally. So, we're watching it all very carefully. Having said all that, as we come out of it, I do think that the benefits of the medical education programs that the company has had in place for years will continue to pay dividends, meeting with new users who are embracing the technology. And then, as we start having additional information about ESG and then the MERIT results. And then an education will be a big deal for us, right? Because we do not -- we are very careful about how we promote and not promote this procedure. And having a new indication, which we're anticipating in the first half of next year, will allow us to do a lot of different things from a training standpoint, from education standpoint to physicians, from an education standpoint to patients. And we think that can be big accelerator as we move forward.
Charles McKhann: Sure, Thanks, Duran. Yeah, so on the Energize phase. The way we're thinking about it, really is a combination of near-term growth. And then important milestones then lay the foundation for the next wave. And on the near-term growth, the good news, part of it is we're already seeing it, right? And so it's a matter of being able to extend it and continue so with OverStitch, for example, as I mentioned, we are starting to return, OverStitch have been growing a little bit under the radar, 25% or more per year. And putting aside a bit last year for COVID, we're getting back to that. And it's with new users, it's with existing users, finding additional uses for the devices. And it is starting to see the growth of some Endo-Bariatric practices, and there are a number of them as I've made my travels. And as I mentioned, we're not actively promoting that, but there are a number of physicians that have now embraced ESG and are starting to really feature that in their practices. So that'll be I think a big element here in – in that part of it. The second will X-Tack, X-Tack does not require – well, let me put in the positive. X-Tack has a relatively short learning curve. It can be used rather than one or two specialists in institution. We think it could be four or five or more physicians in some of our larger institutions. So for that, it's going to be continued account growth, and then a real focus on driving utilization – depth in it for me – in the product launches, depth of utilization is so important and we're going to really focus on that. And I'll come back to it in a minute. And then third, for Orbera, as I just mentioned, we've had really, really good results. And so, we are working in – which ones of those may be transient and related to COVID and which ones can be more sustainable to put Orbera on a – on a growth pathway. And we think there's possibility there. So more work to do, but we're excited about that. Excuse me, to answer your question about the commercial team. The change really started with my desire to separate out the marketing and sales functions and have – dedicated expertise at a leadership level with both of them. Excuse me – I'll give you an example. So for X-Tack, the team has done a nice job and it's focused primarily on our OverStitch customers, which is a great place to start. They're natural users of X-Tack. And we've gotten some good traction. But already, I've been working with some folks that I know on expanding, how we think about the launch. They see purchasing additional procedural data really being a little more sophisticated about exactly where the procedures are, and then we'll be targeting our launch based of that information, and it'll help us really get a deeper understanding of what our launch priorities will be overtime, and how we're going to expand it. And Steve Bosrock, who's coming in to lead marketing is well aware of that approach. He's done it before and I think we'll add another level of leadership there. And then on the sales side, very happy to have Kirk Ellis coming on board, a very strong leader with experience in GI, he's been in two different startups, with a lot of GI experience both of them are now part of established leaders in the field. So you've got an existing customer relationships and I think we'll be well placed. We'll work together then to decide what else we're going to do from a – building out the team element to that. We have a healthy tension within Apollo between driving growth, but also still keeping a very tight lid on costs. I can tell you, I've already approved less than a handful of some additional sales rep positions in key markets and we're going to fill those. And then we're going to be very smart in terms of how we continue to think about adding. But we've got great growth opportunities. We got to be smart about it and keep investing in the future.
Charles McKhann: Sure. No, good question. First of all, we don't know the data is still being run independently by the investigators. We are optimistic, as it's been described on prior calls. Given the history of how much data has been already developed on X-Tack – I'm sorry on ESG. And so for those who you're new on the call to Apollo and we've got multiple studies encompassing thousands of patients, demonstrating the procedure. So, we're optimistic. So, in the data, once we get that -- reimbursement is a journey. I've lived that journey in other environments. We are working on specific strategies and it involves coding, coverage, and payment around both government CMS reimbursement, as well as with commercial payers. We are aware of already some examples of some of our customers who have coverage relationships with individual payers. And that's really good news. It's really exciting. So, some of the field is starting to be laid there. But to answer your question, I would expect some impact beginning of next year, but then I see that taking then a number of years after that to continue to build exactly what that pace will be. We're working through those plans and at some point, we will get to the point of doing things like reporting on number of covered lives and how fast that ramp is, but we're not there yet.
Charles McKhann: Great. Thank you very much. It's been a busy and energizing first couple of months. And I do anticipate maintaining our positive momentum throughout 2021 and as we work across the many opportunities in front of us. I'm excited to see OverStitch emerging as a standard-of-care in multiple GI applications that call for full fitness suturing and in addition, we believe that physicians see the enormous potential of ESG as a primary weight loss procedure. X-Tack is off to a solid start and is receiving very positive feedback from physician users. And we are very enthusiastic about this new product, and the opportunity to expand our market with another truly innovative and flexible tool for various GI needs. And with Orbera breakthrough designation, the new CPT codes, and a recent AGA practice guidelines, the franchise is once again emerging as a strategic growth opportunity for Apollo. And so as we look forward, I said it before, I'll say it again. We look forward to leveraging all three of these exciting products to energize the business, then accelerate growth over time, and ultimately, lead the field of therapeutic endoscopy. If you have any questions or would like to arrange a call with us, please contact Matt Kreps from Darrow Associates. Matt’s contact information is on our website and in today's press release. And thank you and have a great evening.
