Jeff Black: Thank you, Chad and good afternoon everybody. I’d spend a couple of minutes here just reviewing the financials review for today and then give some brief commentary on our operating spend profile and cash profile. So, starting with revenue, we ended the quarter with strong growth across all product – all of our products, the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. As Chad mentioned, we saw a nice balance in that growth. In the U.S., we saw a 66% growth outside the U.S., 55%. Our endoscopic suturing was up 30%, and that’s just highlighting continued demand for our products, OverStitch and X-Tack across a number of patient indications. Orbera grew more than 20%, and that was against what we would consider a stronger-than-expected rebound in elective procedures a year ago in Q3 2020. On a year-to-date basis, suturing and balloon product lines both grew 63% over 2022. In terms of the full year outlook, we expect $63 million to $64 million in revenue for 2021. And this represents more than 50% growth over 2022, which we acknowledge was heavily impacted – I’m sorry, over 2020, which we acknowledge was heavily impacted by COVID, but it also represents 40% growth in endobariatric revenue over 2019. Moving to gross margin, in the third quarter, we saw gross margin improve by 190 basis points over Q3 2020. We saw an improved 360 basis points on a year-to-date basis. We also saw gross margin improve sequentially over the second quarter by 150 basis points. As we continue to talk about, we remain very focused on continued gross margin improvements, particularly with OverStitch, which has a lower margin profile than Orbera and X-Tack. Major drivers of overall margin expansion will be product mix, improved absorption of overhead and direct COGS improvement programs, particularly focused on OverStitch. We’re still very early innings, but we’re beginning to see the impact from all of these factors. And we remain confident that we will see a blended gross margin in the mid-60s over the next 3 to 5 years. Moving on to the operating expenses, we look at our operating expense spend profile, and we think it’s important to exclude non-cash stock-based compensation to get a clearer picture of what our non-GAAP core operating expense run rate looks like. And today, our non-GAAP OpEx is running at about 72% of revenue, of which 36% is sales and marketing, and that’s a combination of variable and fixed compensation and investments in overall channel development, much like we’ve been talking about. We do plan to invest for top line growth over the midterm and focus areas there will be sales channel expansion, marketing, medical education, clinical reimbursement, product development and COGS improvement programs. So we do expect to see operating expenses, increase in both absolute dollars and percentage of sales, particularly in 2022, and we should start to see some operating expense leverage in ‘23 and beyond. But I think importantly, we have the ability to modulate spend as we need to, and we’re well positioned from a balance sheet perspective to make these investments. And that brings me to Slide 21 on cash usage. You’ll see that over the first 9 months of this year, our average gross – our gross quarterly cash burn was $3.7 million, net burn was under $3 million. We ended the quarter with pro forma cash of $98 million. That includes the net proceeds from the $75 million follow-on we executed a few weeks ago. So we’re now very well positioned to execute on our growth initiatives. But not only do this financing provide us with substantial cash runway, it added a number of very high-quality fundamental healthcare investors to a solid and growing shareholder base. And so we thank our investors both existing and new for the continued support and confidence. And then finally, before I turn it back to Chad, just a few comments on Slide 22 here regarding our cap table, we think it’s important to paint a complete picture here, given that there are a couple of elements that don’t show up in our issued and outstanding share count. So today, we have just under 40 million in issued and outstanding common shares. In addition, there are just under 14 million shares in prepaid funded warrants. So this would equate to 54 million shares in outstanding common and common equivalents. We also have about 6.3 million shares underlying our $19 million in convertible debt. So all in, as we think about our cap table is we represent just over 60 million common shares outstanding on a pro forma fully diluted basis. And we think it’s important to provide this clarity on the call, just given the recent raise and historical funding mechanics for Apollo. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Chad.
Jeff Black: Yes, Chris, on DSOs, I can tell you that I am almost 90 days in now, I guess, 90 days in today. I have actually been really – was that – thank you, I have been really impressed with the company’s ability to collect. And I think it’s a function, both OUS and in the U.S. of the team really knowing the customer, particularly in OUS distribution. Mike and his team has just done a phenomenal job at building a customer base or whether you call them a direct distributor or otherwise and really understand their customer. And so we have been really pleased. We have not had collection issues to-date. And as we bring on new distributors, they are very well vetted. And so I think we continue to really push on collections and we have had a lot of success there.
Jeff Black: Yes. Adam, this is Jeff. I appreciate the question. Look, I think as we have talked about Q3 was – there was definitely COVID impact. And we are maybe less exposed to it than others that are more dependent upon inpatient hospital procedures. We do have a fair amount of our business is outpatient and even in surgery centers. So, I think we are probably less impacted, but we certainly saw the impact. And it’s lumpy. And to the extent that we see concentrations of impact in geographies where we have greater amounts of business and will certainly be impacted. But I think we have got the benefit of being an outpatient. We have got the benefit of having being geographically dispersed, not just within U.S. geography, but globally. But that said, we are still seeing some pressure and we expect to continue seeing pressure. So, we are being cautiously optimistic and feel good about the guidance we put set forth. I would like to say that there is a huge backlog. We would love the backlog. That’s not been our experience. And we are pretty certain that the business that we are seeing represents run rate demand. And going into the fourth quarter, it would have been great to start with the backlog, but that’s not the case for us.
Charles McKhann: Thanks, Jeff. And let me echo Jeff’s comments of thank you to our investors, both existing who’s been with the company for a long time as well as those who joined us in the recent fund raise. We very much appreciate it. So looking forward and kind of wrapping up, we absolutely view a number of very significant catalysts across each of our product lines in the coming months and years. And I’ve touched on these already, but with OverStitch the submission for the 510(k) is a big step for us, looking for a potential approval, right? We still need to work through the process with the FDA, but if successful, a potential approval potentially in the next year, which could form the basis of developing endoscopic rate loss practices and procedures and then also the basis of expanding reimbursement over time. With X-Tack, good progress with the U.S. launch, our first clinical evidence published and just recently here, and we announced it today. We are aware of others that are also in development and so more studies that will be coming out about the product in coming meetings over the course of the next year. And as I mentioned, looking towards a broader launch outside the U.S. potentially in 2022 as well and we also have our engineers working with the early clinicians who use X-Tack on R&D initiatives and what we’re calling product line extensions for X-Tack. There is some great ideas there and hold the future potential of new developments of using X-Tack essentially as a platform for new developments. And we will have more updates as we move forward with that. And then they have balloon, which has been doing very well globally. In the coming year, we would expect to start a trial for NASH and the new indication. As we’ve announced previously, there are new CPT codes that will be implemented starting in January 1, 2023. And then we also see the balloon as a critical component of an integrated practice for endoscopic weight loss as a key driver for the product line globally. And so to finish with our overall growth outlook, we’re very pleased with the growth we’ve seen this year, essentially 50% growth over 2020 as you look at the guidance of $63 million to $64 million. And all of that underlying this energized phase. So top line growth, really building the team and energizing the organization as well as our customers, continuing to grow the commercial organizations globally, both within the U.S. and outside the U.S., enhancing our position in that advanced GI category, overstated product and then adding X-Tack to it, developing the next new things from an R&D standpoint and then very importantly, fortifying our balance sheet. And all of that creates the foundation, we believe, for the next phase of acceleration and then ultimately, leadership. And so with that, we thank you for your interest. Thank you for joining the call, and we will open it up for questions.
Charles McKhann: Yes. So thanks, Frank. Appreciate your comments. So for competitive reasons, we’re still not separating X-Tack out individually. It’s continued to do well. As you know, in the first half of the year on our Q2 call, we mentioned that we passed the $1 million mark, which was an important milestone for us. And we’ve been able to continue to grow from there. We see X-Tack as an important contributor to growth, especially as it becomes a global product line for us. It’s – we’re pleased with the utilization across both upper and lower GI. There are a lot of potential cases, inclusive of a big opportunity that we’ve talked about colonoscopies. 20 million colonoscopies that are performed each year, a significant portion of those that do require – should be closed, right? There is a lot of clinical data that they should be closed. Otherwise, there is a risk of delayed bleeding. That’s at least 8% to 10% based off of a number of studies. And that aspect predates X-Tack, right, that the pivotal study that studied that was actually sponsored by some of the equipment manufacturers but it’s growing. I just recently at the ACG meeting, and there was a discussion of the need to close. And we think X-Tack is very much well positioned for that market, among others. So we see it being an important growth driver for us as well as along with OverStitch as well as the balloon. And so it can play a very important role going forward.
Charles McKhann: Yes. I mean that’s a – we went through a strategic planning process over the summer as a team and really looked at our opportunities across product lines and across markets. And so that is, in our view, sort of a medium to longer term target that we’re aiming for and that we believe that we can potentially achieve. It’s – we’re not guiding to next year yet. But it is what we are kind of aiming for from an overall – we want to be a consistent growth company, and we believe that that’s at the right level that we can achieve.
Charles McKhann: Yes. So revisions are interesting in that you’re right, because the patients have had a prior procedure and have experienced the benefits of weight loss. When they have like regain, they often also have a lot of additional comorbidities as well. And the alternative is a surgical procedure, right, and which is often an inpatient procedure. So what we find or at least as I talk to many of our customers, is that they are able to pursue case-by-case prior authorizations for revision procedures. They are using typically an unlisted code. There is no dedicated code for revisions. But what we hear quite frequently is a lot of success in being able to make the case that an endoscope revision is the right way to go and be able to get those procedures reimbursed. And so we think that’s a good foundation to build on. That’s our customers are pursuing that individually. Again, we don’t have the indication. So we are not actively supporting that. We’re learning from our customers, and we’re thinking about the team we might want to have in place if we are, in fact, successful with an indication to help support other customers and having similar success.
Charles McKhann: Sure. Chris, let me make sure I’m clear on your question on IGB when you talked about the decline. What – I just want to make sure I’m addressing the line question.
Charles McKhann: Sure. Yes. So, just wanted to make sure I was clear in answering the right question. Actually, on the IGB, we are very pleased with the growth. Important to recall last year, was actually kind of a rebound quarter at least in the U.S. for gastric balloons. And so seeing growth on top of that, we were very pleased with. On the U.S. growth for endoscopic suturing, again, the growth, I think has been nicely balanced, both core growth with OverStitch, if we look – especially, if we look year-on-year, pretty comparable quarter-on-quarter. And that’s not surprising as you think about summer months and as well as – and we have talked about previously the navigating through COVID and OverStitch depending on the setting of care can be impacted as a lot of procedures still are, and we are all still navigating that. But we did see with X-Tack a growth in the number of accounts utilizing in the quarter of kind of a double-digit growth in that. Our strategy is much more focused on utilization than just growing accounts. So, we do continue to see growth in accounts, but we are actually, frankly, incentivizing our team and focusing our team on growth within the targeted accounts that we are already in while continuing to add the account base.
Charles McKhann: Thanks, Matt. Yes, there has been a lot of excitement. It was fun to be at the ACG meeting, which was immediately after that, if so, a virtual meeting and so to talk to a lot of customers there. It was as you follow the space and know the data were very much confirmatory to a lot of data that have already been collected, but it’s still really nice to see, right, in terms of randomized control data that supports the value proposition. And so we have had good conversations with leaders from both the GI and the surgical side of things. People are obviously looking forward to the indication as well because that will certainly also play a role in things like reimbursement and other activities. But the general feedback is a lot of excitement and very positive.
Charles McKhann: Yes. No. So, the CPT process really is led by the societies. And so the GI societies are very aware of and are thinking about CPT codes, both around revisions and primary ESGs. And so they are actively working on that. We are just getting into the new cycle that would be for the next three meetings that take place over the next year would point towards a CPT code being in effect January 1, 2024. That’s just the way those cycles work. And so they know those deadlines and are thinking about it. It’s a combination of primarily making sure all the ducks are aligned with the actual publication and then the submission process. In fact, we are working together across other societies to ensure there is support. And so that activity is ongoing. We are optimistic that it happen within one of these next three meetings to be in that January 2024 cycle. But there is more work to do. And ultimately, the societies are going to drive that timeline. We will do our best to make sure they have got the information they need to be able to do that.
Charles McKhann: Yes. Matt, previously, we had communicated start potentially at the beginning of next year. We are still in the design phase, quite frankly, of that as we work through both with the FDA and with CMS and working it through. We have also with the information around the comorbidity effects with ESG are also having some interesting discussions as exclusively an ORBERA balloon trial. Is it potentially an ORBERA balloon as well as an ESG trial, maybe a multi-arm trial. So, we want to make sure that whatever study we design and get approved by the agencies does lead us to a pathway towards positive reimbursement. So, we are taking the time with our advisers to make sure we get that right. And so we won’t be starting a study early next year, but we are working on the design of that that would still allow us to move forward from there.
Charles McKhann: Yes, Adam. The – so the three phases I laid out going back to originally sort of defining the strategy, we have never put an exact timeline against those. But in my mind, the critical trigger of moving from that energized to the accelerate phase is the indication for ESG and for revisions, right. And so I do see them as a potential accelerator even while we are working on the broader reimbursement pathways that we just discussed. But even in that sort of medium-term of with an indication, being able to again, learn from physicians and institutions that have already started to connect the dots, we do think that there is a significant opportunity here. And so we are in that learning phase. We are going to be very careful and appropriate from a promotional standpoint. But if we are successful in getting the new indication, then absolutely, we see that as a potential of an accelerator from a growth standpoint for OverStitch.
Charles McKhann: Thanks, Josh for the question. Yes, the MERIT study had a 2-year endpoint. And you are right. As you saw in the data that we summarized today, there really was a nice durability and maintenance of weight loss out to 2 years. And there have been a number of other studies that have demonstrated that as well, including the pool analysis that’s in the slide set. That does show nice consistent results out of that time period. There is also one study on ESG out to 5 years that was published just a few years ago. That has also showed a really nice maintenance of effect out to 5 years. And so we will encourage our investigators to keep collecting longer term data, because durability will certainly be an open question, especially for payers, for example. But we are pleased with what we are seeing. And so we think it – I think the investigators presenting the MERIT study talked about ESG potentially filling a really nice important gap between whether it’s the bloom that typically has a shorter term time horizon as well as medications, right. There are some really interesting new medications, but compliance and costs have often been an issue for medications between those and then the surgeries, which do have some very good durability data for both laparoscopic sleeve and gastric bypasses. We think ESG can fill an important gap or very good durability and then an overall really good value proposition. And so we were pleased with the outcomes.
Charles McKhann: Yes. No, we are going to tread pretty carefully there just because we don’t want to get ahead of ourselves from a – but we can absolutely get all of our ducks in line, right. Now, with the benefit of the multiple studies I referenced and then the MERIT study on top of that, things like putting together all the economic value dossiers that you would need, continuing to encourage our investigators to publish on their results with comorbidities, for example, really reinforcing the different aspects of the value proposition. So, we have got a really good story to tell. So, I think it’s a matter of, again, sort of planning and preparation now, making sure we have got the right team in place to do that, and we have been working on filling out that group. But the actual activities will depend on, first, the publication, but importantly, the indication as well.
Charles McKhann: Listen, thank you all very much for joining us this evening. We very much appreciate your support and have a good evening.
