Daniel J. Brennan: Well, let me give you a sense of that, Bob. So I think as you said, we're guiding 4% to 5% organically for the fourth quarter. Certainly, very pleased with the organic growth performance year-to-date, which is about 4.7% and expect organic growth of 4% to 5% both in Q4 and for the full year, which is a raise from our previous guidance of 3% to 5%. And a quick tailwind and headwind summary, I think you're right. SYNERGY, obviously, is the largest tailwind in Q4. It does have, obviously, a slower ramp than traditional DES launches, as there's a contracting element to it and it's a premium product. And it does face pretty tough comp year-over-year when you think back to last year, DES grew 12% globally for the company. So it's a tough comp for SYNERGY. And then – but continued launch and roll out of WATCHMAN as well – is another tailwind. On the headwinds side, and I think Mike covered this in his prepared remarks, the CRM headwinds persist. Which as we indicated on our Q1 call, we do have some portfolio gaps in the U.S., primarily around MRI-safe technology and Quad. Good news is we filled those gaps in Q1 with Brady MRI in the U.S. in the first half with Quad. And then we have the replacement cycle headwinds which have been persisting, but those will wane as we go through 2016 and 2017. And then, again, we have another 5% overall organic growth comp for the company versus Q4 of last year. And then lastly, if you look at MedSurg, very pleased with MedSurg. MedSurg overall, 8% growth in the third quarter, as Mike had mentioned and very pleased with that, but those are the highest growth rates in the past 12 months for each of those businesses. So it would be hard to count on that performance every quarter at the midpoint of guidance.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. I think I'm not going to get into a full 2016 guidance review, obviously, today, but just given the FX landscape of the year and a lot of questions we get relative to FX going into 2016, felt like it was prudent to give folks a sense of what we see relative to that in 2016. As we did this year, we were able to offset all of that. Our goal obviously is to offset as much of that as we can, but in terms of specific line item and headwind and tailwind guidance for 2016, I'll save that for the call in February.
Daniel J. Brennan: No, I don't think anything of a material nature from a non-op perspective. I think if you look at what we drive from an operating margin perspective and the improvements there, the flow-through to EPS is – save for the FX commentary that I have – the flow-through is pretty consistent and standard. So and...
Daniel J. Brennan: ...that's for Q4, and then for 2016, same thing. I wouldn't – again, I'm not going to get into specifics – but I wouldn't look at anything from a non-op perspective that would derail the ability for the operating margin to translate into EPS improvement.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. We're not breaking out the growth rate specifically for DES. Interventional Cardiology business grew 7%. Essentially, think of our DES growth in line with the market as we approach the SYNERGY launch in the fourth quarter and the Europe and the Japanese launch later in 2016.
Daniel J. Brennan: Nothing I'd really add to that. We're not going to break out the specifics of AMS that's in our guidance number for Q4. It's included in the 4% to 5% organic number that we have. So I think Mike's comments cover it well.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Larry. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, 13% for this year. I think when the R&D tax credit, if it is renewed, is renewed, it depends what comes with it. A lot of times it doesn't just come as a one-sentence thing. There are other pieces that are attached to it. So I would say – I'd be comfortable saying – it's between 100 and 200 basis points. I don't think it's guaranteed to be 200. So we'll see if it is renewed and if it's renewed for 2015 and potentially 2016, we'll see what impact that has on our tax rate, but I'd say between 100 and 200 basis points. And then going forward, I'd look for our guidance in the late January, early February timeframe for 2016 tax rate guidance, but as you know, what we had said before is 100 basis points increase annually for the next few years.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. I wouldn't comment on a specific leverage level, Matt, except to say that we're still committed to delevering as we had announced at the time of the AMS acquisition, to get back to our pre-AMS leverage metrics by the end of 2016, which is why we suspended the share repurchase program and prioritized some debt payment here in 2015 and 2016 as well.
Michael F. Mahoney: I'll also add, we delivered a strong quarter this quarter. We expect to deliver a strong one again in fourth quarter. And we've always made the commitment, even at the low end of a range which we clearly don't aim for, we'll deliver on operating income margin improvement targets. So I think the company is focused on high performance. We believe we did it in third quarter; we're giving strong guidance again for fourth quarter and even if we deliver at the low end of the range, we're committed to the margin improvement.
Michael F. Mahoney: I would say that's – we won't give – carve out specific guidance for CRM for fourth quarter, but I would say that trend is consistent. You know we called a softening of CRM back in first quarter. We're seeing that. The great news, we're seeing offset in Europe with consistent, I think six quarters in a row, of strong growth in Europe. And those products will be improved in the first half. So, we anticipate an ongoing softening in CRM kind of where we are today, flattish, that we delivered this quarter. And we expect that through first quarter 2016 consistent with the script. The great news is we're offsetting that flattish growth with strong growth across the enterprise. And more importantly, or as importantly, we're delivering strong growth in Europe with our CRM portfolio. And so, we're anxious for that to come to the U.S., which would further propel 2016.
Michael F. Mahoney: Good morning. We really don't want to provide any ongoing guidance to 2016 till after our fourth quarter close and our call. So I would just say we give pretty specific guidance that we've delivered on for many years in a row now during our Investor Day meeting. So we called for some accelerated growth in 2016 at that Investor Day, and so we continue to execute against that plan, both in top line and margin improvement, Bob (sic) [David] (35:12) but we likely won't get into any additional guidance until later.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Neuro, the business grew really well in the quarter, 11%. So the business continues to do well. We're the number one share player in the rechargeable market in the U.S., and we recently launched our primary sell product in Europe and in the Asia market. So that's a category that we hadn't played in, which is a little over $250 million market outside the U.S. So we've got a leading platform in the U.S. that we continued to expand. We launched Novi to expand the addressable market for spinal cord stim. And also, another big part of our strategy in Neuromod's is expanding beyond pain. We've been investing for a number of years in our deep brain stimulation platform, and I said in my prepared comments, we have a primary sell DBS launch called Vercise that we're really excited about, because that's the primary – focus is on primary cell (37:36) rather than rechargeable for DBS. We're also unrolling our DBS trial in the U.S., which we'll provide additional guidance on in the future. So, that business continues to expand. We have very differentiated technology in the markets also; we think are consistent, strong mid-single digit growth markets. On EP, we're really pleased with the success here. We've had three quarters of sequential growth. We've put up 13% this quarter. And we continue to put the building blocks in place to have a very powerful EP business and Rhythm Management business combined with our CRM business in the future. And that's, as I mentioned before, that's really being driven by our Rhythmia, our mapping system, which gives the physicians lots of speed in terms of capture of the imaging; and also recording devices and we're launching our therapeutic catheter line in the fourth quarter in Europe and we'll extend that to the U.S. in 2016.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, I actually think we're playing offense in CRM rather than defense, for a couple reasons. One, we talked about six quarters of consistent growth in Europe, where they have our – really, many of our leading products – and growing quite well in Europe, despite a replacement cycle headwind in Europe. And also, in more on the offensive mind, we continue to gain share in de novo implants. So physicians are choosing Boston Scientific more often than not. A lot of that's being driven by our EMBLEM S-ICD platform, which is growing sequentially very impressively. But as you said, the headwind is more on the replacement cycle headwind, which will abate as we approach the end of 2016. So, we are positioned well for 2016 once we get out of the first quarter, which I mentioned in the prepared comments, with the anticipated product approvals. And you'll see a ramping down of this replacement cycle headwind in fourth quarter 2016 as we get into 2017.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, we do thank you for your insight on the survey. That helps. I think overall on SYNERGY we will continue to, as we said consistently, continue to have a tiered portfolio in drug-eluding stents. We had that in the European market with SYNERGY priced at a premium. In the ten markets where SYNERGY's launched in Europe, it represents over 50% of our market share. And in the U.S., we also will have that same tiered portfolio with SYNERGY; the premium end, Promus PREMIER, which is the market-leading stent in the U.S., will be at a price discount versus SYNERGY. So we won't provide the specific premium that we're going to charge. I think it is important to note that this is a premium product, but as Dan indicated in his comments, this is a product that we will need to go through a contracting process with hospitals, given our pricing strategy. So we do anticipate excellent results in 2016, but we need to also work through that contracting process with hospitals.
Michael F. Mahoney: From a pricing point of view, clearly, many hospitals would desire no price premium. We don't believe that's warranted, based on the acute performance of the stent and also the experience that we've seen in Europe, and we also have a terrific alternative for hospitals with our Promus PREMIER. So, it's our job to prove the unique benefits of the platform that justify the premium. We've done that in Europe ,and that will be our plans as well in the U.S.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Certainly as you indicated, some challenges in many of the emerging markets. The good news is we're growing consistently. So it's not quite the growth rates we delivered in 2014, but we put up a 13% in Q3 and I think it was at 12% or 13% in Q2. And so we really don't see that trend modifying. Really, the growth for us in the emerging markets continues to be on the heels of China, where we're growing strong mid-teens growth in China. We're also growing strong in India and we target about 10 emerging markets that we won't go through all of them on the call here that we put additional emphasis on. We continue to invest in additional training centers; we continue to invest in R&D capabilities outside the U.S., particularly in China and India; and we continue to expand our distribution reach in these key markets. So although the market's slowed a bit from our previous year's performance, we feel comfortable with our performance in Q3 and that trend going forward.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. So really at this call, we're not going to provide any additional insights into our 2016 CRM guidance. We've reinforced a few times that our European business is performing mid to low single digit growth six consecutive quarters; bring those portfolios to the U.S. In 2016, we'll be faced with that replacement headwind for a big part of the year in 2016, but that'll abate more in fourth quarter 2016 into 2017. So, we're clearly positioned for improved performance going forward, given the product portfolio and the eventual reduction of the replacement cycle headwind. And we'll get more insights on that as we provide 2016 guidance.
Kenneth Stein: Just to say in terms of the Rhythmia launch itself, again, very pleased with how it's going. We've seen it used now in multiple different geographies. It's been used in all four chambers of the heart successfully, and getting very consistent feedback from physicians using it, that it's enabling them to successfully treat arrhythmias that they never ever would have been able to approach before.
Kenneth Stein: Yes. Thanks, Mike. David, I just want to reiterate, we're really pleased not just with the rates that we're seeing of implants in the U.S. post-commercialization, but the success and fantastic safety profile that we're seeing, which again, as Mike, I think, has said previously, that's what's (41:09) been a really rigorous approach that we're taking of training and to account selection. Again, as you said, we had some great data out at TCT; going to have a featured presentation at AHA in a few weeks on our European post-market experience, a 1,000 patient trial called EVOLUTION. And again, as Mike said, really looking forward to seeing publication of a cost effectiveness paper at some point in the near term, which we really hope is going to show that, in addition to giving great patient outcomes, that this is a device that is also very likely to save the healthcare system money over the long run.
Kenneth Stein: Yeah. Yes, Mike. Brooks, I can fill in a little more. So on TACE MRI, I think U.S., to begin with, let's remember one of the major products gaps our competitors have which is subQ ICD. And we are hoping to be able to launch an MRI-safe S-ICD TACE device, both in Europe and in the U.S. at some point during 2016. In terms of older generation ICDs, trans-venous ICDs, we're really pleased with the reception in Europe with our MRI-safe labeling because we've been able to make it backwards compatible to our current generation of devices, EL and mini devices, as well as having an MRI conditionally safe, X4 Quad Pol CRT device. And we will be beginning U.S. clinical trials of those devices during calendar year 2016.
