Mike Mahoney: Thanks, Bruce. It's Mike. Good morning. We are certainly pleased with our total DES performance, [online] order quarter, but also for the year-to-date. Year-to-date, our performance DES as a percent in the quarter, it was 10%, big share gains in the U.S. Promus PREMIER and also Japan. Also, we continue to see strong growth in Europe, so really it's balanced across the globe. As we look forward to, not to provide guidance, but as we look forward at 2015, we continue to see positive momentum there in the portfolio, we anticipate large vessel product to be approved in Japan, we expect to expand the reimbursement for SYNERGY in Europe beyond the countries that we are currently selling it in and we continue to maintain a kind of disciplined tiered pricing strategy that offers innovation to physicians and patients. We also expect to further strengthen that business based on the adjacencies and hopefully WATCHMAN approval on the first half of 2015 and the ongoing progress of LOTUS, all of which provide a hail over to our poor Interventional Cardiology business.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. We are very encouraged by the progress. I think, whenever you bring a unique - and you are the first one to do it, innovation to market it takes a while. We are pleased with the panel and hopeful for the approval. A lot of the questions you asked there, our views really haven't changed. We still believe this is a large un-served market, we are still confident in the $500 million market opportunity that we have talked about and we laid that out in our Investor Day. Even at that $500 million represents just 3% to 5% penetration of the [patients] with elevated stroke risk, who are eligible for warfarin, so we feel like we have been quite conservative candidly in terms of sizing the market. Also, we have appropriately built the WATCHMAN approval timeframes as we look at our as a guidance for fourth quarter and we will provide guidance in '15. I think, as you look at BSC beyond WATCHMAN, I think, I would stress the strong performance in our core businesses. Some of these adjacencies like WATCHMAN, which are unique and innovative have been a bit slower to market, but they are still in play and we look forward to their positive growth in the future.
Mike Mahoney: Thanks. We look at this as a long-term platform that's uniquely differentiated and we continue to build on, so we have not changed our market opportunity forecast, which we call the $750 million. We will continue to provide guidance on that in the future. I would say overall, we are encouraged by the uptick of S-ICD in the U.S. and Europe. The adoption of therapies being driven by growing clinical experience for the system and continued flow of positive data and we are really supporting that, Rick, with a lot of ongoing clinical work and we think that clinical work will build a strong unique platform for long time and we are supporting that with the [data set]. In the terms of the guidelines, the European Society of Cardiology is added to S-ICD in a recommendation for treating patients with cardiomyopathy. As you mentioned on the reimbursement side, we expect positive reimbursement changes the U.S. and we are encouraged by the recent coverage expansion of (Inaudible). We think all of those things, the ongoing building of evidence, the training that we are providing, the training that our sales reps receive, the experience that physicians have and backed by robust clinical data that we continue to build on will continue to extend the lead that we have in this category.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. We want to build a higher performance company. That the company that does it consistently and we measure ourselves by growing faster than the market, expanding operating income margins and driving double-digit EPS growth and building a winning culture in a global mindset that is unique, so that core culture is a big part of what we do and I think the international growth is a strong leading indicator. The company has had six quarters of consecutive growth and we were very comfortable with our outlook for fourth quarter to extend that to seven quarters. As you mentioned, our international performance in the third quarter was 9%. More specifically, our European results were 11% growth, where we have mostly all of these adjacencies that have been further matured in terms of the rollout. We won't give '15 guidance, but we have a lot of exciting opportunities in 2015. We will continue to expand our Interventional Cardiology platform like I mentioned it before. We will continue to broaden our CRM platform in terms of S-ICD utilization and clinical work. We are hopeful for the WATCHMAN approval, we continue to make strong progress with our LOTUS, which we just recently started our trial in U.S. and we are driving momentum there in Europe. Our MedSurg businesses, time-to-time we have some fluctuations in the quarter. Overall, if you look at a group of businesses, they continue to drive mid single-digit growth, excellent margin improvement and really continue to provide great balance of our portfolio. We are encouraged about the future, but we are certainly not satisfied.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. Great question. Thank you. We are very comfortable with the business units that we plan today. We are playing three big sectors interventional cardiology, Rhythm Management and our MedSurg. We continue to provide acquisitions and tuck-in acquisitions that strengthen our unique profile in those businesses. We planned a lot of R&D to strengthen those, so we are very comfortable with the business that we sell in today. Also, we believe that, when you cut across these different business units, it is very rare in the hospital system that a hospital will contract for our Neuromodulation products and our cardiology products and our, say, our EP products, so that happens very rarely. For customers who want to do that, we certainly can enable that, but we don't see that type of bundling across multiple sectors occur very frequently, so we don't think that portfolio in terms of bundling really is an added value, so we don't see much benefit in that. The benefit that we see in delivering unique innovation to physicians in certain categories, and I think our six quarters of growth and the performance we have in the third quarter would point to that strategy is working and I would also point to the unique margin improvement opportunity that we have. I think our portfolio is positioned well. We have a lot of opportunities to improve it, but we don't see some of the consolidation that is taking place. Maybe other than the cost benefits and some cost synergies, we don't see a growth benefit with bundling across as multiple sectors that are very despaired from each other.
Mike Mahoney: I think we always looking for new capabilities. We just acquired the Bayer technology, but just take a step back, I think in med device most of the markets are fairly challenging, so it's a very competitive business. We feel comfortable and we strive to outperform our peers and to growth faster than market and you are seeing that. In terms of our thirst for innovation, we clearly want to drive down the SG&A that Dan commented on and we are committed to doing that. At the same time, we are very aggressive in looking at portfolio alternatives that will continue to strengthen our business units.
Mike Mahoney: Good question, so we are very selective. Our strategy hasn't changed we are very selective in the countries that we sell SYNERGY in and we are also very selective in terms of the price point, because we think to establish a long-term market that is strong and healthy, that type of discipline is needed, so we haven't come off that strategy, so we are very careful about it. We talked about potential reimbursement improvements, potentially in France next year, which may make SYNERGY more attractive in that country, so we are disciplined about what countries we could move to and we do have a pricing premium for SYNERGY, so I would not articulate the sheer gains as a result of dropping price in SYNERGY. It's something we could do, but it is not something that we feel a long-term the best for BSC or for the market.
Mike Mahoney: When we look at CRM, we are really pleased with our performance globally, particularly in Europe. Again, we have more of our most recent portfolio. In terms of market overall, we think the market has stabilized a bit, so it is probably flat to maybe down slightly in 2014. As Dan mentioned, when you look at the kind of 12-month rolling average, we are up 2%, so we are growing faster than the underlying market. We are still having quite a bit of portfolio to bring to the U.S. In terms of just our performance, I think when you look at our position in it, we will continue to accelerate S-ICD development. I think that we will continue to get more clinical traction and more comfort level with physicians, so we are positive about that. We will also going into 2015, have our full year of our MINI platform as well as our quad generator, so in CRT-D, kind of pointing your question there, we feel like we have gained share in de novo implants. We continue to lose a little bit of share on replacement headwinds. I think despite Medtronic coming to market there, I think, physicians really value the battery longevity capabilities that we offer in our products, so we are very comfortable with the momentum that the CRM business has as we look forward to 2015.
Mike Mahoney: I will just answer the first part of that question. We will have an early count of the RESPOND data before 1,000 patients are recruited. We have not made public the time point of that as yet.
Dan Brennan: Rick, this is Dan. I will take that one for you. I think that the key is, the last part of your question which is that is our goal, is the continued sequential improvement in that. For that group, operating margin expansion is their top strategic imperative and it informs all of their strategies. In terms of the Q3 specifics, 160-basis point improvement to 14.1%, the good news is, it's not one specific thing that did it. It is all up and down the P&L throughout cost of goods and SG&A and R&D and our goal is to continue to do that in a very thoughtful and measured fashion over time as part of our goal as the total company to getting to 25% by 2017.
Dan Brennan: Thanks, David. I think, as opposed to giving specific guidance within the P&L, I think we can be clear that the SG&A rate will go down as part of us achieving our overall operating income margin targets. As we have said in the past, there are certain times we need to make investment and be opportunistic and obviously there is pieces of that that have driven the growth that we have been able to put on the board. Overall, if you think of us getting to 25%, you should see SG&A be a lower percentage of sales on the way to 25%.
Dan Brennan: Sure. Bob, this is Dan. I think as many folks might know, it's a bench trial. It starts November 25th, November 20th, runs through the 25th. If there is more time needed, there's some time set aside the [week] of 15th to wrap it up. We feel confident in our position heading into that. I feel like it's a high bar that needs to be proven in that and it's intended to bench trial post the completion of the trial then the judge will issue his decision at some point post the trial.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Glenn. As you know, we don't disclose specific components of our reserve. We obviously review our reserve every quarter and believe it reflects what's probable and [estimateable] at that time. Our accrual for all legal matters of which Mesh is a portion is $945 million as of the end of September, but as you can appreciate I am not going to break that out specifically by individual litigation matter.
Dan Brennan: It was an increase. Yes. We had $139 million increase in litigation from Q2 to Q3, $139 million charge.
Dan Brennan: Sure. I will start with the double-IRS, so we don't anticipate that the double-IRS would have any impact on our structure. Then relative to overall broader tax commentary, in our prepared remarks, I had mentioned that we think Q4 tax rate will be between 12% and 14%. Overall this year 12% to 13%, sticking next year with 13% to 15%, overall, again, all that assumes that the R&D tax credit is not reenacted that's worth up to 200 basis points on our overall rate. Then beyond 2015, as we look to balance all of the elements of our structure, you would see movements in that 100-basis point range increase from 16 outward.
Dan Brennan: Sure. Just in summary on the guiding transfer pricing matter what the IRS has asserted for the period that's in the question now is $1,162 billion, which is in our SEC filings plus interest. What we have in total for all of our tax controversies is $1.5 billion of which [guide] TPV as a portion that and we obviously don't disclose the specifics of that reserve. From a timing perspective, it has moved more slowly than we would have anticipated and the next event will be scheduling a trial date which could be in '16 or later. With ultimate resolution in '17 or beyond, so it has moved at a pretty slow pace overall relative to the expected timing.
Dan Brennan: Yes. Just a quick comment on our peripheral business, year-to-date, through third quarter it is up about that 6%. Then there is 9% in the quarter with Bayer and probably about 5% or so ex-Bayer. Overall, our views on it Brooks, haven't changed. We have a nice addition there, where we have an excellent sales force. It's already calling on those customers and there are two segments that we didn't plan and they are clear leader in thrombectomy, so that's a nice addition for us and also in the atherectomy market, you have a market that is growing and it is a market that will put additional investment in terms of the portfolio in both, in the cardiovascular side and also the peripheral side. It is a nice addition for us. It leverages our current sales force and capabilities as well as operations and we continue to invest in that peripheral vascular market and that should be a nice piece for us.
Dan Brennan: That's correct. Yes. The Bayer and Bard are a little north of 150 basis points, so you back that off of the 4% to 6%. Yes.
Dan Brennan: Yes. 2.5% to 4.5% is probably the way we would characterize it. There is a couple things that would drive that, some that are Q3 this year-related and some that are Q4 last year-related. On Q4 last year simple one, we grew 5% last year in Q4, so that was our strongest quarter to-date, so it's a little bit tougher comp overall. Specifically in that comp, is a really tough neuromod comp of 33% growth that they had last year in the fourth quarter. Then when you think of Q3, we had some businesses that significantly outperformed their underlying market growth rates. If you think IC, endo and CRM at 8, 7 and 4, so a more normalized growth rate they and that puts you into the range that we have put out for the fourth quarter.
Dan Brennan: Thanks, Larry. I think it's important to understand that all bioabsorbable polymer stents are not similar, so the data for some of the competitor products available in Europe have really related to a thick stent with a thick layer of polymer that laid to resolve. As you know, we will be interested to see the results of the EVOLVE II pivotal trial which, which is a late break around the 19th of November at AHA, and this will be the first bioabsorbable polymer pivotal trial in the U.S. and we are anticipating FDA approval is in July 2015. I think, the fact that the polymer and the drug synchronously disappears at about three months time point makes SYNERGY interesting. Obviously, we will give us the opportunity to firm exploring short dual antiplatelet therapy. Couple that with your key performance, which is I think well-recognized, we are very competent. This is a product and we will be excited to bring it to the U.S. Incidentally, as a note, that we will be holding an investor event in Chicago after the presentation on November 19th. The event will be at 1 pm. Central Time and we can obviously discuss the details of the trial at that time.
Dan Brennan: Then Larry, on the J&J case, this Dan. Two parts to your question, I don't think it would serve us well to get into all of specifics of why we feel like confident relative to our position there. As you can certainly appreciate, the last piece in terms of our ability to deal with any unfavorable outcome, we are confident that we can deal with that.
