Matt Hewitt: Good morning. Maybe first on gross margins, you mentioned that you obviously started to make some changes last year to help facilitate higher gross margins of future, how should we be thinking about those in FY19 and where do you see those going maybe over the next 3 years to 5 years as some of those changes start to take effect and you see the rapid growth in the bariatric piece? Thanks.
Matt Hewitt: Interesting, okay. And then, maybe one last one for me and I’ll hop back in the queue. Regarding the MERIT study, you’re – it sounds like you’re approximately three quarters all the way through the 200 being randomized. Maybe an update on what we should anticipate from a completion timeline. And then, will – do you anticipate they will get maybe a read-out shortly thereafter? Or just help us understand the timeline. Thank you.
Matt Hewitt: Yes, thank you. Just wanted to dig in a little bit more on the NASH opportunity. I guess a couple of different aspects of this. Number one, what is – how do you get this information into the hands of the physicians, the surgeons? What's the best way to attack this market, especially in light of some of the opportunities that you see out there? I mean if you look at some of the valuations of the drug companies, and these are drugs that are still in clinical development, may be years away if ever getting approved, yet you have both Balloon and ESG that have shown data that – that supports the treatment of NASH. So, you've got the data already. So, maybe just walk us through what is the way that you plan to attack that market? Thank you.
Stefanie Cavanaugh: So, thanks for the question Matt. We had announced on the surgical call, when we talk about the divestiture of the surgical business that we expect our margins in 2019 to be in the low to [mid-30%] range. That’s depending upon the timing of, of course, the divestiture, the transition that occurs; depending upon our sales mix and also depending upon the timing of our gross margin improvement projects kicking in, but we have shared that with everyone and we have no exchange to that process. Over the next 3 years to 5 years, it is our intention that these gross margin projects that Todd referred to that will complete around 2020 should add another improvement in the 3 million to 3.5 million range, and that should get us into the mid-60% gross margin profile that we are now working to progress towards.
Stefanie Cavanaugh: So, our agreement does have a revenue covenant. Its set at [indiscernible] our plan for 2019, and we do have a minimum liquidity covenant or requirement to maintain $10 million of cash.
Stefanie Cavanaugh: Sure Suraj, no problem. So, yes, our inventory declined this year in order – as planned. We had built up our inventory in anticipation of the transfer related to the gross margin improvement projects. So, in 2017, we ended at 10 million, which had some of that increase or most of that increase in it. Now that we've finished the Helix project, the Cinch project and the IGB project, you know, early in the fourth quarter, we were able to now bring down those inventory levels. So, when we were at about 10 million at the end of 2017, we’re at about 6 million at the end of 2018 and about $3 million of that decline all occurred in the fourth quarter. And so that’s a good – from that perspective that’s a good trend in terms of needing to invest in increased inventory levels. But the downside or the foot side of that is at least during the fourth quarter, we had an impact on the amount of [overhead] that was charged to cost of goods sold. It’s important to know that overhead spend didn’t go up, it's really just the rolling out of that inventory that had been sitting on the balance sheet in anticipation of any potential disruption associated with those projects.
Todd Newton: It is significant in a couple of respects and it’s not necessarily – these are not necessarily data points you will put out the study, but one thing that makes it significant is that the bariatric practice at King Saud hospital is a very active practice. It’s bariatric surgeon driven and the interesting thing about that study from my perspective was that as we were talking to the physician who published the results, he did not see that he or she was replacing really any of his bariatric surgical procedures, his more traditional bariatric surgical procedures. What he noted was that ESG was attractive to many of his patients who otherwise would have opted not to receive one of the other traditional bariatric surgery. So, in that regard, what made him so excited, I think, was that he saw not a replacement of one procedure for the other, but he was observing and has continued to observe that his practice overall is just growing. In other words, the pie is growing, not just the ESG sliver of the pie.
Todd Newton: Yes, and I don't have a lot of information to share with you, Matt, in terms of all the specifics on the timeline. We are hopeful though that once they reach the one-year follow-up point, and of course, they have to finish randomization in enrollment before they can get to that even, but once they get to that one-year follow-up point that – the principal investigators will elect to publish their interim results. But that's really up to them, and we don't have much, you know, if any control over that decision.
Todd Newton: No, there’s really nothing to give you, JP, in terms of that kind of color. What we have found, and this is the reason why we wanted to do limited launch, we have vowed that the Sx seems to work really well in all those traditional users that the older OverStitch was being used for. And so, in that regard, we were trying to determine whether or not it had a limitation, if you will, before we went on with the launch and we’re very pleased into the limited launch that we didn’t see those kinds of limitations.
Todd Newton: I don’t think it’s going to be a gaining factor other than it’s a timing issue here at the very front-end. You know, your right and that the VAC process isn’t usually something that takes months, it’s something that can take weeks. But it’s also – I think what’s influencing our 15% also is to do with the Intragastric Balloon business. You know, I would say that in – as we look at the first half here in 2019, we have five months of business basically that were pre or the before the FDA’s third letter, and those months represent – it was just a higher comp period versus the back half of the year. So, the IGB influences our estimates as well.
Todd Newton: Well, I think, we don't give it in – broken down by a product. Certainly not this guidance, but we think that the 15% blended is probably somewhat instructive to you JP. If we see OverStitch growing at a rate that is consistent with its historical growth, then very usually presented the Intragastric Balloon expectation is going to be lower than the 15%.
Todd Newton: No, we’re not claiming, if you will, if this is the question, we’re not claiming that Orbera is a solution for NASH where we’re – our product label is that Orbera is indicated for weight loss, and the hepatology society's own guidelines discuss weight loss as an important consideration for the treatment of NASH patients. So, if you think about that way, that’s how we’re positioning the product in the hepatology community.
Todd Newton: Yes, I’m sorry Suraj if I get this a little bit wrong because there are – you were starting to break up. But the color on the customer base, first of all, I think we mentioned this in the script, we have about 400 accounts in the United States, and an account is not necessarily equal to a user, an account would be where we ship product. We think those 400 accounts in the United States will represent probably close to 900 users who are relatively active users today with OverStitch.  Relatively active just meaning that when they have a suturing case come up, they will look into – opt to the suture versus some of the alternatives that they have. And as we were mentioning with the niche scope that OverStitch required in the past – that was – while it hadn’t changed our or effected our growth too much in those prior periods, it was going to at some point become of a limited patient to us. So, we think that the Sx is going to make the product and the technology just available to a wider number of accounts, and I mentioned 4,000 of the 15,000 gastroenterologists in the United States being potential suturing users. That's obviously not precise, but it’s fairly well researched on our part, and we feel like that’s a good indication of the potential user base.  As far as sales and marketing for OverStitch is concerned, there’s a far or less amount of spend being put on things like direct-to-consumer advertising, it’s not that kind of a product. It does require a field sales support. So, the sales reps that we have, I would say, a lot of their time is spent on OverStitch, and the thing that OverStitch carries, as well as is a relatively expensive medical education component because it does take user training and that's something that is probably incrementally higher than what we see for Orbera or what we are seeing for the surgical products in the past.
Todd Newton: Matt, first of all, the most important thing we feel like we can do in the short-term is to continue to create clinician awareness, and this is why events like the ILC event that we mentioned coming up in April is important. It gives us an opportunity to be on the stage, if you will, to have some of the clinicians who have had great results with Orbera treatment for NASH patients talk about it, and create that awareness. That’s the most important thing we can do right now. There's still some work we need to do in terms of things like labeling, and of course, it's probably an area where you really can't have enough clinical evidence ever. There's going to always be a little bit of a demand for more clinical evidence, so we need to do some more work there. But in the short term, we think, especially in Europe where we have a relatively established and large Intragastric Balloon user base that we can create clinician awareness at the Hepatology societies, Hepatology departments and Gastroenterology departments are fairly well aligned within most hospital structures, and just like creating that greater clinical awareness, we can have an impact on our positioning of that the Balloon for that use.
Todd Newton: Great. Well, thank you operator. And in closing, we would like to thank all of you for your interest in Apollo Endosurgery today, and should you have any questions for follow-up please contact John Gillings, our Investor Relations Manager, and his contact information is listed on our press release today. Thank you very much.
