Michael F. Mahoney: So, overall and if you look at CRM more broadly, we certainly like our full quarter trend that we’ve had in CRM and we’re really pleased how we’ve positioned ourselves from a portfolio perspective going forward and I’ll touch on that in a minute. We are disappointed in the Q1 results. It’s really driven in the U.S. because we had some excellent performance outside the U.S. where we likely gained share in defib outside the U.S. and also at minimum held share globally in pacer. So our challenge really for the quarter only was in the U.S. and we think we were impacted likely. We don’t have a CRT-D device yet in the U.S. and so we’re likely impacted by headwinds in CRT-D and also ongoing replacement challenges that we have in the business, but offset by a de novo -- continued de novo share gain in the U.S. So in the U.S., we particularly are excited about the new launches that we have. So as you saw in the press release and you read, we had a number of really big approvals that will help this business going forward for the long term. We have a new MINI platform which is 15% to -- or 13% to 20% smaller than our competitive devices. We have the approval of our new X4 quad can and we have really been out of the CRT-D game globally for a long time. So, we will not only launch this device including the lead in Europe from now on, but also have the quad can available to launch with competitive lead devices in the U.S. So we think the combination of this in Europe and in the U.S. will clearly provide some enhanced revenue in CRT-D which has been the troubling segment within CRM. So you combine that with our S-ICD device and now our longevity story as well as a device that provides the smallest profile, we think we do have a highly differentiated portfolio and we are positioned to improve our performance moving forward.
Michael F. Mahoney: Overall, again, I’ll answer your question specifically on ICD, we felt it was a very strong quarter comprehensively for BSC with our sales growth on track and also increasing the full-year guidance for the year and double-digit EPS with a broad portfolio. But specific to U.S., again, we are much stronger outside the U.S. in ICDs, but in the U.S. really the two categories continue to be the CRT-D, which we think is a segment and we haven’t broken out the exact percent, but we think it’s a segment that has been growing more quickly and we’ve also been had a headwind in our replacements. And in particular, we offer a leading battery longevity platform. And we think that’s excellent for patients and physicians particularly moving forward in this new environment, but it also does provide us a headwind with our replacement cycle. So, really those two factors have hampered us in the U.S., the CRT-D, which is a segment that is growing and also the headwind that we have with our battery longevity which we think will ultimately be a tailwind for us given the economics of the health care system. Again, we think this will improve with the new launch that we have of our quad-enabled CRT-D device, which we think is very innovative and it will offer physicians and patients the choice. With the quad solution in the U.S., we think it’s clinically differentiated from St. Jude for the reasons discussed earlier. On pricing, we didn’t see anything dramatically different in price, kind of consistent with our fourth quarter. And we also -- we can verify, but we also feel there may have been some larger competitive balking in the quarter, in the first quarter of 2014.
Michael F. Mahoney: Nothing. Nothing of any materiality. If you look at the ranges we gave for gross margin and SG&A and R&D and tax rate, they are all very consistent.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. We’ll see when Medtronic reports in a few months here, little bit more in the first quarter in terms of the market, but overall in the first quarter, we didn’t see a significant shift really from third quarter, fourth quarter of 2013. Globally, we’re still calling the CRM market kind of flattish to slightly negative. We’ve talked about price being in the kind of negative 3% to negative 5% range globally and really almost essentially offset by volume. So we haven’t seen a significant market change in first quarter. And I think in terms of our performance again, ex-U.S. defib, our business globally performed quite well and we had a number of promising launches and we discussed likeliness and competitive balking as well as some of the headwinds in CRT-D replacement. And some of the new launches that we have we believe will offset some of those trends as we move forward in ‘14. No big market shifts that we saw in the first quarter.
Michael F. Mahoney: Absolutely, Glenn. Overall, we’re really pleased with our performance in Intervention Cardiology and we think we have a lot of room to grow in this one. It’s the first quarter that we’ve grown this segment of our business, which is critical for us given its high profitability in probably four to five years. And we have a lot of room to improve that.  Just breaking down on the IC performance quickly, we talk about our IC Other business as well, which is becoming quite meaningful for us in terms of its size from 5%. The DES business globally was down. We had a very strong performance in Europe and we’re challenged a bit more in Japan. And the good news in Japan we expect from a Promus PREMIER launch sometime over the next 90 days, which will really change our trajectory in Japan. So as you look forward with the Japan approval of Promus PREMIER, the momentum that we have in Europe and the -- retaking the number one share position without dramatically changing pricing trends, we like our position. Specifically with SYNERGY in Europe, we continue to follow this kind of three segment strategy in Europe, because we want to establish SYNERGY which we have successfully as a premium product due to its clinical characteristics, and so at future meetings, we will provide more detail in terms of the specific mix of SYNERGY. But we don’t sell it in all markets, we sell it in four to five countries in Europe that can justify a premium pricing. So in those markets, we have a much higher market share of SYNERGY -- much higher mix. In a market that can’t support premium pricing, we don’t even launch SYNERGY. So in those markets, we lead with our Promus PREMIER brand and then we also have a Promus for a low-end product. So we feel like our portfolio is positioned extremely well combined with our complex coronary and imaging business. And those products will be launched in Japan, the PREMIER device as we get into the third quarter and eventually SYNERGY likely the fourth quarter of ‘15 in the U.S. So we think our DES portfolio is uniquely positioned to manage price effectively and to gain share responsibly and complemented with our complex coronary strategy.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, we don’t see any issues with the reimbursement with Promus PREMIER in Japan. So the answer is yes.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Thank you. The first one on our peripheral business globally, we grew that 5% ahead of market for a number of quarters in a row. And it’s really not one particular product, we have a very well-balanced portfolio there, very strong commercial team and a nice pipeline. In terms of the market, we haven’t seen a dramatic reduction in pricing in our peripheral business. So there are some pricing challenges there, but we didn’t see a hiccup or a catalyst of price declines in the quarter. And so we continue to see very low single-digit price declines in peripheral, offset by volume, gets us to about 5% growth globally. So, overall, we think it’s a relatively healthy market and that will still pay for innovation. So we like our cover progress in PI globally and we will be launching our drug-eluting balloon in Europe in the future here. Regarding Neuromodulation, this has really been a gem with - or it is a gem with Boston Scientific and we did guide towards slower growth the remaining three quarters. We are confident we’ll continue to gain share. That business has a lot of momentum, a very differentiated platform, but the headwinds you called out one, the reimbursement changes in the outpatient settings and also the anniversary of a launch and very strong comps, plus 20% growth comps that will be entering the second quarter. So we didn’t provide guidance as to what our growth would be in the second, third and fourth quarter, but it will be slower, it will taper from what it has been the last four quarters, really driven by both of those factors, but we still believe it will be a healthy contributor to the top line and faster to market.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. So one is, we’re pleased that we’ve kind of recaptured the number one share position. We’re also very sensitive to the pricing in this marketplace. So this is not a hold a number one share position at all cost position. We think we have a stronger portfolio and we can maintain price discipline and increase our market share with our portfolio. So if you look at the, one, we’ve got a very strong commercial team. We have capabilities with our chronic total occlusion and imaging business that physicians are interested in that helped complement our DES portfolio. And we think, as you look for the future here, with our Promus PREMIER launch, which really is in full launch mode now and call it 18 months from now, potential launch of SYNERGY in fourth quarter ‘15 that we really are well positioned to have a - we’re planning on a increasing gap in terms of our leadership in the U.S. with our portfolio.
Michael F. Mahoney: So specifically around the new ICD, that’s an 8-French lead, not 7. And that is being investigated as part of our NAVIGATE clinical trial, which is enrolling patients both to investigate our family of quad pole CRT-D leads, the ACUITY X-4 leads as well as the 4-FRONT device and that trial launched a little bit earlier this quarter and expect to complete enrolment in that trial around the end of next year.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, I think physicians and patients ultimately like to think we will choose the best product for the best patient. And we think that’s what’s driving our de novo share gains, which really is the hallmark of which platforms are most innovative. I think the new implants are being selected and we are being selected at an increasing rate because of our S-ICD capability. And we think we have a lot of momentum. We believe we’ll gain a lot of momentum with this new MINI platform, which provides the thinnest device. So the notion of a physician rewarding us for that and then maybe hurting us or de-tracking us in CRT-D as a result of that gain, I don’t think that’s a big play. I think the fact we’ve had some portfolio gaps, we haven’t had a CRT-D device, which is the premium priced product in the segment, we haven’t had one and now we have it in Europe and we’re able to provide a solution now in the U.S. and although it’s not a solution, we’re are offering the quad pole lead as well, we believe a number of physicians will mix and leverage our X4 can capability in CRT-D procedures. So there is a lot of service components embedded within the CRM business but we think ultimately a leading that’s innovative will win and we are building that over time.
Michael F. Mahoney: We have to get that exact number to you. The standalone Bard business declining 10% doesn’t appear correct to me. So we will to verify with the group here. So our information was saying that the Bard integration has gone well, that the revenue gains are consistent with our financial model and more in the flattish range year-over- very. Quite frankly, the challenge has been more in the legacy EP business within Boston Scientific, which ex-Bard, was down slightly for the quarter. So I would tell the Bard business more flat and the legacy BSC business is low single digits. So I think overall that integration has gone well. As I mentioned the commercial teams have pulled together and we’re really still in the very important time where we are pulling the key pieces there together. We’ve talked about our IntellaTip MiFi therapeutic catheter, we’ll gain an impact as we move towards the second half of the year. And we will have our first implementations of our Rhythmia navigation system. So that business will strengthen particularly in the second half of 2014 and be a more meaningful contributor in ‘15.
Michael F. Mahoney: We are putting increased emphasis on the diversification of our portfolio in the business you just mentioned in those emerging markets. There is less pricing pressure, there is excellent opportunity to train more physicians and to increase access and the three that you mentioned there are growing quite nicely. And so it’s helping diversify our cardiovascular mix in those markets.
Michael F. Mahoney: I think it’s both. We haven’t offered, there hasn’t been a competitive quad offering in the U.S. And physicians like -- in most hospitals like choices. So I think it will be - we’ll target that customers who are users of BSC products broadly and customers who may not be users of BSC products, so I think it’s great for the market to have a second offering. And this strategy has been really well proven out. There has been a number of cases in the past where even recently that we’ve seen some competitive companies have some lead issues and you see companies or physicians that will mix and match say our leads with competitive devices or our device with competitive leads. So that is not a new phenomena within this business and it’s been approved through rigorous testing and clinical performance by the FDA and I think the market will embrace a second choice in the quad offering and we will take it immediately to competitive accounts and to our current users. 
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. The key drivers of our IC Other business would be our imaging business, our IVUS imaging business for sure and we’ll be expanding into FFRs. I think -- I believe the first quarter of 2015 is the timing for our FFR launch, so that’s a nice catalyst. The second one is our chronic total occlusion, which is the acquisition we did at BridgePoint a number of years ago, a couple of years ago and also we had a positive ruling legally and we’ll be able to re-launch our Guidezilla guide catheter as we enter our second quarter here. So that should provide some additional tailwind to the Other Cardio business.
Daniel J. Brennan: And so Rick to follow up, as I said in my prepared comments, I do expect that we would be a net share gainer for the rest of the year based on the portfolio that Mike has just mentioned in terms of S-ICD, the quad system in Europe, the quad can in the U.S. and then MINI in the U.S. and Europe. From a profitability perspective, the good news is that despite going backwards in sales, we still were able to add 140 basis points in operating margin year-over-year, and we’ve been very public about the fact that we have plans in place to do that within the Rhythm Management group without growth and that growth could be upside. So, we are looking forward to the rest of the year relative to sales and obviously very focused on profitability every quarter.
Daniel J. Brennan: No, I think for the most part if you go back and look at the full-year guidance ranges for the P&L that we gave at our Q4 call and now they are relatively consistent.
Daniel J. Brennan: So looking at Q4 Rhythm Management to Q1, yes, that’s correct, and we had talked about it on our Q4 call some one-time items that were included in Q4. So very pleased with what we saw in Q1 from a Rhythm Management perspective. So just quickly as you go through the three segments, we expect to see the Rhythm Management segment produce more relative to the others because obviously there is more room for that segment to go. But the other segments, both in MedSurg and in Cardiovascular should leverage the growth that’s anticipated in there, and as I mentioned earlier, Rhythm Management, we have plans in place to do that without growth and growth would be upside for that. So, all three will contribute, but I think to your point, Rhythm Management will contribute more overall since it’s coming from such a lower position than the other two.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yes. I think the majority of it would -- more of it would come from gross margin than would come specifically from R&D. But the point is, it’s really - it’s all throughout the P&L. It won’t be just one area of the P&L that will drive the improvements that we’re going to make in that segment. All will contribute, but the gross margin should be the largest contributor of the line items.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yes. That’s fair Mike. So I think we were sub-11% for the quarter in R&D as a percentage of sales in Q1 and we’ve guided for a 11.5% to 12% for Q2. So there is a little bit of timing. We still expect probably to be driving some efficiencies in R&D but there is some timing in Q1 that will come back in Qs two, three and four exactly.
Daniel J. Brennan: Christian, it’s Dan. Yes, I think as we called out in the prepared comments, the three biggest contributors to that 100 basis point, 100-plus basis points of growth will be Lotus, WATCHMAN and Alair, and that’s still the plan and still that’s included in our $7.3 billion to $7.5 billion guidance for the year.
Daniel J. Brennan: So I think we’ve gone out both this year and next year with 13% to 15%. I’m very comfortable with that in terms of tax rate and actually we don’t really give much guidance for ‘15, but we feel like the tax rate is an important one to give for that next year. Still feel good about the 25% operating income in 2017 and that would include whatever tax rate we’re at at that point as well.
Daniel J. Brennan: I think if you look at the -- our comfort with the 25%, again, I wouldn’t give anything beyond 2015 relative to any parts of the P&L, but still feel that the 25% is our goal for 2017 with all areas of the P&L contributing.
