Larry Neumann: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on the call today are Ray Elliott, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Capello, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We issued a press release earlier today announcing our third quarter results. Key financials are attached to the release including the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures used in this presentation and we have also posted a copy of the press release as well as support schedules to our website under the Investor Relations tab. The agenda for this call will include a review of the third quarter financial results as well as fourth quarter and updated full year 2010 guidance from Jeff. An update on our business performance in the quarter from Ray, followed by his perspective on the quarter overall. We will then open it up to questions. We will be joined during the question-and-answer session today by Sam Leno, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Hank Kucheman, Executive Vice President and Group President CRV; Mike Phalen, Senior Vice President and President of our Endoscopy Business; John Pedersen, Senior Vice President and President of our Urology and Women's Health business; Joe Fitzgerald, Senior Vice President, and President of our Endovascular Unit; Michael Onuscheck, Senior Vice President and President of our Neuromodulation Business; Dr. Ken Stein, Chief Medical Officer for CRM; and Dr. Keith Dawkins, Chief Medical Officer for the CRV Group. In addition, I'd like to welcome Sean Wirtjes with us today who recently joined us Vice President of Investor Relation. Sean was most recently with Varian Inc. and is working with me to transition all IR responsibilities here at Boston Scientific. We expect this transition to be completed by year end. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone of our Safe Harbor statement. This call contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expected market share and gross margin, growth projections, new product approvals, timing of product launches, acceptance and sales, our financial position, expected net sales, earnings and tax rates for 2010, the effect of our restructuring activities, the effect of our debt repayment and expected FDA approvals. The company wishes to caution the listeners that actual results may differ from those discussed in forward-looking statements and maybe affected by among other things, risks associated with our financial performance, our restructuring plan, clinical trial results, our programs to increase shareholder value, new product development and launches, regulatory approvals, litigation, our tax position, our competitive position, our growth strategy, and the company's overall business strategy as well as other factors described in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we undertake no obligations to update any forward-looking statements. I'd now like to turn the call over to Jeff for a review of the financial results for the quarter.
Larry Neumann: Thank you, Ray. At this time, we'd like to open it up to questions. And I'd like to remind everybody that in an effort to enable us to field as many questions as possible, we'd ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. And then if you have additional questions, please get back in line. Again, I remind you that Ray and Jeff will be joined during the Q&A session by Sam and Dr. Dawkins and Dr. Stein.
Larry Neumann: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this evening. Before you disconnect, the operator will give you instructions for the replay.
Ray Elliott: I would argue that it's really two things. It's new products, which we have a substantial number in the pipeline, although we've been slow at getting some of those urban terms of our own target dates. And it's targeted acquisition similar to Asthmatx. And that's true. If I look at PI non-core or certainly if I look at Women's Health and Urology, there's a number of opportunities there. But the fundamental basis for that is to offset somewhat softened elective procedures with new products and targeted acquisitions. So I'll ask and I'll do them by name just to bring up a few new products. Joe, if you want to give a little talking on PI for just not too long here, we'll keep it brief.
Ray Elliott: And then lastly, Michael, I think I covered yours, but if you want to chip in at the end of this, please do so.
Ray Elliott: Lastly, Mike, before we go to the next caller, the other thing you will all see on 19 is a very strong description of how we're shifting R&D, spending pretty dramatically. And I had commented on this publicly before where the things we believe in for the future will only be invested or are being invested about 6% of total R&D spending. And we have a planned shift which has been taking place as we speak. That's going to move that ultimately to about $250 million to $300 million year in growth initiatives. So if we combine ongoing shift of R&D to growth initiatives, new product lineup we have right now, which in excess of 50 new products corporately, 30 of them in CRV and then a commitment to make intelligent acquisitions. I think that does a lot to get us there.
Ray Elliott: Obviously, I won't comment on outflow obviously. But on the inflow side, it's going to be how I describe it. While we're sitting here doing this, we got a lot of BSC folks working on deals, deal assessment, product, technology assessment, due diligence in various forms and so on. And that's going to be in the areas that we've described in the past of hypertension, obesity, diabetes and in a couple of different segments of structured heart, just to name a few. There is a longer list. There's actually 12 initiatives, and we're going to take it through this in as greater detail as we possibly can on November 19. And they're going to follow that. I hate repeating my paragraphs, because I am driving everybody here crazy with that I am sure. But it is going to follow that pattern of that paragraph I described at the end of my formal comments in terms of staying with stuff we know. We need to leverage existing sales forces, because that's how we're going to get leverage on the top and leverage in earnings. We're pretty good at doing things less invasively. We're going to put a lot more effort into cost effectiveness and comparative effectiveness. And we have a real interesting intensity as you look at those targeted areas around the ability to reduce or perhaps even in some case eliminate refractory drug use. If you think of those in combination and marry that into device solutions, much of which we hope will at times at least be outpatient, not necessary all impatient, gives you a pretty good look at the areas we're going into. And then the other things that Jeff and I have commented before are of course emerging markets and OUS distribution expansion. We are not in as many places and not as big in many places as we should be. If we execute all that really well this will be a very, very different company than it is today. And as you can tell, we're starting the process today.
Ray Elliott: I haven't done the numbers that way, but I'll take your word on the math, Larry. I think you got to look at a couple of different things. First of all, we think that U.S. market is pretty flat, even slightly down. I'm talking about dollar market not unit market. And in our specific case as you pointed out, you add back the ship hold with that slightly higher price pressure than we've seen in the past, although not different than what we've been seeing for a few months now. So I don't want it being perceived as being incremental. And then keep in mind, we took substantial losses at our own discretion because of our decision around the HCP ethics issues and the number of people we let go. So we have reduced our own share willingly and knowingly by making those decisions, and we're happy with them. I mean we'd like to be growing, sure, but we're not going to change the decisions we've made.
Ray Elliott: I don't have that yet, but actually that's why we initiated the internal study that was started several weeks ago. We're going to be getting those data points back. I forgot what the target data is are now, but I think it's coming up in October when we're going to get a first look at that. And we're subdividing it by product type. We're subdividing by elective versus non-elective and all of that. So I don't have a dollar comment to make to you. I would say that PI and Neuromod seem to be most affected by that. And of course, when the government puts through legislation for extension of unemployment benefits, they did not extend the COBRA coverage portion of that. So we saw sort of this inability to recover quickly from that as well. So I think I'll make the commitment now under the assumption we can get all the work done by the time we do our next report to you. And we'll either report that on November 19 if we can get it together in time for investors or certainly at our next earnings call. We'll give a glimpse into the actual work we've done here on the study and see what the answers are.
Ray Elliott: I would say that the answer is the same. I think what happened is we tried to get out information early on price as a communication, and people either love you or hate you for that. But if we see it, we try to get information out there. I think we got out there a long time ago now saying here's what we're seeing. It hasn't changed from what we saw some months ago. It has not got mores, but I think what's happening is as more companies come out and confirm that, it makes it sound worse than it is when in reality for us it's a confirmation of what we already saw.
Ray Elliott: Let me take those Glenn one at a time. No change; you're pretty close from the pricing. This is a marketplace that has had a long history of sort of in that $2 to $3 range. And you're right, quarter one, quarter two, we've been saying for some time we see that going to $3 to $4 and not $3 to $5. And we haven't seen that worsening or different from when we first said that. So we don't see any degeneration in it. We have a substantial number of sales force openings in Europe particularly where we will expand the sales force. We have some related to the steps we took on HCP ethics and various other things or people being unhappy with putting (inaudible) together or unhappy with the ship hold, the things we've talked about in the past. There's nothing new there. There's no extended turnover. And we plan to at a minimum fill those backup and in the case of Europe probably do some expansion. I think from our viewpoint, as you look at those really difficult times in the Guidant days when those situations did occur and you recognized the fact that replacement cycle now is highly dedicated to those who put in the de novo, I don't see any change in that. I think that's the history of the marketplace. So we look at it from the dollar point of view and saying are we stung a little by that as we go through this period, yes, because you're not going to get that came from the recall. Do we end with a new replacement cycle now post recall? The answer is yes, to the extent of the cycle fills in from a replacement point of view and other things. But the other thing we look at is if there is any downside risk to it, I think it's far offset upside by MADIT-CRT and the opportunity to market those products at a substantially higher price. So from a dollar point of view, might we be heading into a bit better replacement? I think so. But if we're not, I'll take the $5,000 or $6,000 or $7,000 of mark-up dollar value to offset it through MADIT.
Ray Elliott: Let me just add quickly, David, to that, because it's in the script anyway. We won't disclose the names or places, but our hit ratio is about 4-to-1 right now. So every time we go after this value proposition, we win four and lose one. And that's a hit rate we're excited about. The other part I would add is, coming in somewhat over a year ago as an outsider, one of the biggest mistakes that I honestly believe this corporation made was in not immediately integrating Guidant into the organization and putting together CRV three or four years ago, because I think the powerhouse capability it has, as Hank pointed out, on cardiovascular service line and continuum of care for the patient and in the world we're going into of consolidated hospitals, physicians as employees, profit sharing and gain sharing, all these kind of things, I think we line up so nicely into servicing that it's terrific. But we're doing the Guidant integration now. We're doing it well, but we should we have done it really honestly three to four years ago.
Ray Elliott: I think too, Kristen, one of the things is this has been tried a case really in the past during different periods in medical device world over the last 25 to 30 years. The reason it hasn't worked amongst other things is that a lot of the companies had some star products, but they had some dog products. They were in number one, number two shares. And in some five and six years, they kept trying to drag the five and six shares institutions along with ones and twos. And it didn't work, because physicians said, "I'm not going to buy into that." As Hank has pointed out and as we've said many times, if you look at the number of one and two share positions we have worldwide breadth of offering, all of a sudden you're bringing in a lot of stars combined together with, as Hank pointed out, a combination of services and additional value propositions. It's a very different approach than we have ever seen in the past.
Ray Elliott: I'm just so glad you asked that question, because my favorite report that my prior employer, which I insist on Mr. (Leno) putting together for me was very, very sophisticated and well-defined price, peer price, volume, peer volume and mix. And unfortunately, Mr. Capello has had it used for a year, although he has delivered on the report in more recent times and we now have exactly that. And I really believe, at least in some cases, what you're hearing out there is volume and then people that are combining price and mix because their systems are not sufficiently sophisticated to separate it.
Ray Elliott: The answer is no, but he's unwilling to give you more. Well, I'm sitting here with him, so I can watch his facial expression. You're not going to get anything more out of him, trust me.
Ray Elliott: I think its two things, Bruce. I don't know if we're more optimistic, but I think, and it was asked in an earlier question, we sort of had this strange period of time connected to the old Guidant recalls, so you get into this whole De Novo versus replacement scenario. We are increasingly excited about MADIT-CRT potential. It's actually been played down a bit lately, as people sort of say, well, it can't have that much effect. We actually see it quite differently, and I think we accounted for that in the script as having substantial potential even though the indication is a little bit narrow than we originally expected. The millions of dollars of potential still exist there. We had some very unique data points that we have control of. I guess you could say in the research related to cost competitiveness and comparative effectiveness that we have not fully utilized yet, and of course we comment on the women portion of it. So there is some substantial opportunities to make that into a better place for all of us. So I think all you are hearing is the reality of us beginning the process now are being able to actually market that, having the indication, having the on label, starting to take a look at what our target markets are and how we do it. But the history we can't change; you know, the recalls and the timing of them and replacement versus De Novo. Last part would be, I think most people believe there'd be a little more crossover in 2011 between the De Novo value contribution to the market growth versus replacement. In other words, de novos, the negative replacement has been pretty high, when does that turn around? I don't know that anybody has seen that yet, I don't think they have; but I think on a dollar basis MADIT can help that, and certainly on a patient penetration basis.
Ray Elliott: Well, I think some of the dynamics that are changing are leverage of hospitals, as is consolidation as there are more competitors coming into the marketplace in some product categories, not necessarily just DES obviously. I think outside the U.S. its reimbursement, governmental changes. I think its changes in ultimately where PCIs are going to be done. So there is going to be a combative pressure of inside-outside, and increasing number of PCIs done on the outpatient marketplace. The thing that's most obvious to me that has really kind of shocked me is the rapid pace with which physicians are becoming employees of hospitals or had singular contracts, and the potential through the government of making compensational alignment and decisional alignment between hospitals and physicians that I don't think has been there in the past. I think when you put all that together, it's negative to price. If I clip it around the other way, and I won't repeat all Hank's comments, I think though a lot of the things that are going on, although negative on a pure price basis play into our hands around our cardiovascular service line, value proposition, our ability to get to less invasive, our ability to shift gears and service out patient populations as we look at new strategies. So if it's pure price, is it negative free industry for a while? I would say yes. Do I see it as negative for us in terms of overall strategy? I would say no. Because I think we have counterpunches that are perhaps I think more effective in that environment than some other people.
Ray Elliott: I think if you look at real unit growth in DES as Hank and others have commented, the unit growth continues to be attractive with penetration through PI rates. Pricing continues to be negative and we continue to work on our cost and distribution structure taking market share. It's great having Element because obviously we can take that platform and distinguish ourselves. And as I mentioned, I'm not so sure, I don't know if this really answers your question too much. But I'm not so convinced this is, maybe I was when I first joined, but we're going to be bombarded with U.S. DES competition because as I look at the regulatory programs now. And some of the technical problems some of our competitors maybe having; I don't know if that's as big an issue as I thought it was. So I think for the next 18 we're fine. And I think the company is excited about synergy. And I think the $200 million is very, very real. So I get good comfort. I don't loose any sleep at night about DES at this point.
Ray Elliott: Well, I good other than the saddle sores, it's been an interesting ride after the first year, but I don't see anything different. I was a lot more concerned when I joined the company and didn't sense the focus on sales and I don't mean this every individual, it's been a broad sense. I was very disturbed by the lack of integration of guidance. And for the life of me I couldn't figure out what the corporate strategic plan was. We now have all those things in hand underway and in motion, great management team. We put together a strategic plan. We know the places we need to be in. It's still a turnaround and we lost a few months here and there of time. I would have like to have been where we are today three, four, five months ago. But ship holds and things like that happen in this business if you are in it long enough. I feel very, very good and very confident in the ability of the company to do this. I think we're going to have a very unique story. But it's significantly been a bit of a tough ride, but that's the way things go sometimes.
Ray Elliott: Unless you can figure out how to get our Board to improve them before that which is impossible, it would be impossible for us to communicate because we'd be communicating something publicly that our Board has neither approved nor reviewed. So the technical ability to do that is essentially zero.
Jeff Capello: If you look at the remainder this year, we have two medium-sized obligations. One is the Minnesota DoJ payment that we fully accrued for. That's about $296 million. We anticipate that we will pay that in the fourth quarter. The second of the obligations is the upfront payment related to the Asthmatx acquisition of about $183 million. We anticipate that will close in the next week or two and we will fund that. So we'll need roughly $500 million of cash for both of those items. We finished the quarter with $600 million, and we expect to have a very strong cash flow quarter in the fourth quarter. So we expect that cash flow to more than cover those obligations. Then as you look into next year, there really only are two obligations. One is a $250 million bond that's due in January 2011. The other is a $600 million bond due in June 2011. So we expect to use the remainder of the cash on hand plus the free cash flow from the business as well as potentially a piece of the revolver to retire that debt. And I think that will put us in a pretty good position as we look forward.
Jeff Capello: Well, David, I think you'll see a couple of things. One, part of the under-run in the third quarter was due to the timing of certain programs being closed down and a bit of a time gap between other programs being started up. They were clinical trials that started a little bit slower than we thought. And of course we assume the Asthmatx acquisition is going to close here in the next week or two, and we'll have some R&D associated with that. So there will be a step-up in the R&D sequentially from the third to the forth quarter that'll get us close to kind of where the guidance currently exists.
Jeff Capello: As we look at how the quarter transpired, we're pleased with what happened from a demand perspective. In fact, if you looked at the transition between the months, we actually finished September even stronger from a trialing perspective. And I think historically, it's not unusual to see a patter where the back half of the year as people's deductibles and the like expire if there is a pick up in the business, and we're seeing that in a pretty strong way.
Jeff Capello: Since I'm sure we have a lot of our competition on the line, I'm not going get too specific in terms of how we address that. But it's just not a product bundle. Think of it as also a service, educational, therapeutic, educational coupled with full line of cardiovascular products that we're bringing to a healthcare system and working with them in a collaborative way to help them address some of their operating margin pressure with the services and products that we are able to bring to them.
Jeff Capello: So the royalty is not with Abbott; the royalty is with Novartis on the Everolimus drug. So I just want to be clear on that. And yes, for the balance of the year, we'll enjoy a slightly lower royalty rate by virtue of the fact that we've hit these lower tiers, at which point you start the New Year back at kind of the base level. So two things have happened; one is, the mix between TAXUS and PROMUS has changed and we've sold more PROMUS Element than we anticipated which is good news. Both of those things drive up the amount of Novartis royalty we pay and create additional volume that allows us to hit some of these tiers where the actual rate goes down.
Jeff Capello: I think not unlike a lot of other sophisticated organizations from a tax perspective, you're going to have challenges to the positions you've taken. We're no different than some of our competitors within the sector and outside the sector. And I think the IRS is taking a fresh look at a lot of the different tax structures. So we have $1.3 billion reserve on our balance sheet. What's happening now though is, we are now reaching the point where a lot of those years for which we have reserves established are now coming through review at the IRS which is why you're seeing acceleration of items coming through the rate. Having said that, we are very comfortable with our tax structure; we are very comfortable with our reserve levels. We've had obviously extensive reviews, both internally and with external advisors. But we will see an acceleration of the conclusion of these discussions with the IRS. And that could provide some upside or downside through the rate. What we have attempt to do is, show you what the true operational ongoing rate is and try to identify these one-off items, because these are one-off items that will not affect the rate going forward. But there really is no guarantee to say that we will not have next quarter for example, some other discrete one-time items. And the best we can do is just isolate those for you and explain to you what they are and give you guidance in terms of what the ongoing rate could be.
Keith Dawkins: We have an internal, as you know bioerodible stent program, but our present thinking is that completely bioerodible stents would be a niche play. As you know, there's very limited matrix at the moment, two sizes. They take two to three years to disburse, no major effect on (inaudible) requirement. They can't be post dilated. We've gone a long way with 20 years of metallic stents or the handling of metallic stent and complex anatomy appears superior. We have no randomized data for BVS and we don't really have experience in the field with what you might call workhorse lesions. So we are very excited about our synergy stent and are investigating that in the EVOLVE trail. That's recruiting very well. Two doses of Everolimus, the PROMUS dose in half, and this has a very low abluminal bioerodible polymer load and is on what we feel is the most deliverable platform, the Element platform. So we think in terms of workhorse lesions that our approach is appropriate and that fully bioerodible stent will remain a niche.
Keith Dawkins: We're going to launch in the U.S. TAXUS Element and PROMUS Element. And we at that point will make a decision around what we do next with Paclitaxel. TAXUS Element and PROMUS Element both have been launched out of the U.S.
Keith Dawkins: We're setting up trial now to look specifically at the diabetic question. As you know, the results of Paclitaxel and diabetes are impressive. We had to CE Mark first in that area, specifically for diabetes. We will, at the back end of this year or quarter one next year have head-to-head comparison of Everolimus and Paclitaxel in diabetics in a trial in India. And obviously for the first time with the element platform, we'll be able to compare the same platform with the results in diabetics and non-diabetics for Paclitaxel and Everolimus. So we will be able to make a direct comparison of the PERSEUS and the Platinum trials in diabetic patients using the same stent platform; that's never been done before. The stent platform is nearly always different when making that comparison. So the diabetic area is important for us. And obviously it's an epidemic and it's increasing dramatically worldwide.
