Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. David I don't think, we're going to provide any specific guidance for 2017, we'll do that as you would expect on our call in early February. We have been very public about saying that we believe next year is a mid-single-digit year in terms of revenue growth. But I wouldn't provide really any more than that at this point.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, David. I'll take the Rhythm Management operating margin, turn it over to Keith and Mike for the clinical question. So obviously very pleased to be at that 20% here in Q3 for Rhythm Management operating margin. It's 320 basis points sequentially and 230 basis points year-over-year. As you would expect in any given quarter, you'll see some variation in that. Would actually expect that to go back down in Q4, a little more spending in Q4 on SG&A initiatives and such. The full year should be about 18% which is what we've said consistently, that we would be this year and I think that puts us right in line to get to that 20% next year in Rhythm Management, which as part of us getting to 25% plus as a company, I think, gives us the confidence in both those numbers. So, I don't think we're going to talk more specifically about the 20% where it would go from there. Certainly it goes north of that. We're not going to stop at 20% in 2017. Just as a company, we're not going to stop at 25%. So, there is more room in that Rhythm Management segment to increase well beyond 20%, as the company goes to what we said publicly our goal of 27% to 28% operating margin by 2020.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Bob. As you say, in the prepared commentary, we talked about a $20 million impairment in the quarter. We have an investment portfolio now that's over $300 million. So, as you'd expect, you may see impairments from time-to-time, it's not a regular occurrence. So that is the difference basically between the year-over-year comparison of that line, is that impairment, and it was worth about $0.01 overall. So, without that, we would have been a penny higher, but that should not be a regular occurrence – time-to-time, but certainly not a regular occurrence.
Daniel J. Brennan: Our plan is not to have to do any borrowing on that. We should have full access to our cash through 2017, and don't anticipate any borrowings necessary.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. I think it probably makes sense to hold that until the February earnings call and give all the guidance package all together as opposed to kind of doing something one-off here. But have faith we'll give you full information on what we see as of February.
Keith D. Dawkins: Yeah, sure. David, this Sunday, the 30th, the LOTUS lunchtime symposium of TCT will be the first presentation of the first human use early feasibility data of Edge. Only 21 patients, but will certainly give us a guide, and we can discuss those data in more detail at the Investor Meeting on Monday morning at TCT. Also at TCT, we'll have the four-year outcomes for REPRISE I, the three-year outcomes for REPRISE II, and you'll get more Edge data at ACC and further Edge data, and of course our pivotal trial data REPRISE III primary endpoint at EuroPCR.
Keith D. Dawkins: I think we covered it sufficiently. French reimbursement is important, because France is the second largest European market with a high penetration of TAVR, TAVI and so we're looking forward to bringing the product to France. Obviously, there are French investigators in our trials, and they've been impressed with the acute performance of LOTUS.
Keith D. Dawkins: Thanks, Larry. I think the difference between some of the competitors and SYNERGY is that we have a very large dataset with SYNERGY. We now have approximately 20,000 patients in multiple clinical trials in a lot of high risk subsets of patients. And as you know, from the two-year data from the pivotal EVOLVE II trial, best-in-class stent thrombosis rates at two years. In fact, no definite stent thrombosis, not a single definite stent thrombosis after the first 24 hours. So we do think safety is an important metric, and we don't think we have any competition in that area. I think what will be interesting at TCT is some of the longer-term follow up of fully resorbable stents, particularly the three-year data from Absorb II, because if fully resorbable stents get better the longer they're in, in terms of remodeling and so on, that will be an important finding. Clearly the two-year data in that regard were disappointing. So we also like the acute performance of SYNERGY. The ease of use for interventional cardiologists worldwide is well appreciated. So we're very confident in SYNERGY, we had a very nice Japanese launch. And we think the appreciation of physicians is matched by the growth that you've seen in this quarter's figures.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. On the MRI-safe, no changes to our timeline there. We anticipate likely fourth quarter 2017. And importantly, in that category, we were down in the U.S. and down globally. But, our European business continues to do well, as our Asian business does, with our full line of MRI-safe products and the S-ICD continued to do very well. So despite not having it for what will be a decent a part of 2017, the pacer business continues to do very well. We're doing very well outside the United States, and S-ICD is continuing to support us and differentiate that platform. So we're very bullish on the future of our CRM business in the portfolio and despite that, the team continues to drive operating income margin improvements. So really nice job there. With WATCHMAN, we're continuing to build momentum there. As you mentioned, the reimbursement headwinds really are beginning to neutralize, based on the advances that we've made there. We continue to open up new centers and we're really tracking, we're not giving you much visibility to that. In the future we will determine how to do that. But we're continuing to focus on our utilization rate and driving more physician awareness, more patient awareness, and in parallel, doing a really nice job on physician training, so oftentimes training multiple physicians at the same site to increase utilization and in parallel, we're opening up a new center. So again, on the Structural Heart side, we're at the high end of our range, $175 million to $200 million, and WATCHMAN contribution is significant within there.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, I think, what we've done is, we very consistently promoted and we promoted with proof, the unique benefits of our ENDURALIFE battery technology as being best in class and that's really been proven out from nine independent studies, contemporary device longevity. So even prior to some of the challenges that St. Jude has seen, we've been very clear to the marketplace that we have very unique battery technology and also excellent remote monitoring. So I think those two features stand the test of time and really have been the anchor of our strategy for a number of years now and we believe over time particularly as healthcare modifies and more outcome-based that having that type of capability is enjoyed by – certainly by patients and also by physicians. So we think those unique strengths combined with our commercial team put us in a good position to compete.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, first I'd like to thank Keith. He's done a remarkable job at Boston Scientific. He has been here for nine years. He brings the patient focus first to our Executive Committee and has really helped, along with Kevin and our broader team, led the turnaround and sustained growth of our Interventional Cardiology business and moving to Structural Heart. So, Keith, done a terrific job, transition very smooth at the end of the year. Dr. Meredith is joining. Ian is very well known in the Structural Heart community. Structural Heart is a big investment and a key focus area for the company. And so there will be a seamless transition and Ian will begin early in the year. So you'll see him at various investor conferences and so forth. But Keith did a great job of transitioning. And again, I think just to repeat some of the comments earlier, we're very bullish on the future of our LOTUS platform for the reasons we've articulated with the PVL rates, the controlled release of this device and the enhancements that Depth Guard and LOTUS Edge promise to deliver. And we're being very appropriate in terms of the rollout of that. And at TCT we'll provide some additional information on pacemaker rates on some early clinical studies, as well as some additional commentary from Tom Fleming, Keith and Kevin Ballinger.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, I would say, overall we're likely slightly ahead on the cost synergy side, done a very nice job with that. We're certainly ahead overall in terms of the strategic value of the acquisition, given the overall strength of our Urology business. And as a standalone business, the AMS business grew 5% in the quarter, which is slightly ahead of their kind of historical performance. So, we think in our hands, the standalone business is performing better and it will perform better. And more importantly, the complementary nature of the two businesses, with stone, BPH, ED is a very comprehensive package for our commercial teams to take to customers. And not only is it very broad-based, but it also has unique clinical differentiation. So, the combination of the two makes our legacy portfolio stronger. And so, overall we're clearly at or ahead of our internal deal models on the overall acquisition.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Yes, we are probably not going to give you as much detail as you'd like. Again overall, we're at our high-end of our guidance projected for our Structural Heart, obviously LOTUS is a key component to that. We're still, I think, it's safe to say, we're growing faster than the market in Europe. And what's important to note is, we don't have all the – all of our ammunition yet with LOTUS. We don't yet have our largest valve and our smallest valve. And so we're doing quite well in the market with three valves and we'll be excited about getting the additional two valve sizes for the full matrix. And I think, what's really different is kind of the same drumbeat. It's a different device, it's a next-generation platform that doctors really enjoy the control that they have with it. And so it's – I wouldn't say it's easy, but it's easier to differentiate this valve than some of the other balloon expandable devices that they have options to use in Europe. So we're very bullish on the future of it. In terms of France, we expect to have reimbursement by year-end 2017, so hopefully we'll see some upside from France reimbursement, ideally in the fourth quarter 2017.
Michael F. Mahoney: Thanks, Larry, good morning. Yeah, our plan is to provide an update on the ACCELERATE trial at our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call, which is shortly after NANS, I believe. So our plan is to provide some additional color at that call, fourth quarter 2016.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. So we have a pretty active business development group and we're very disciplined in the types of deals that we look at, obviously need to focus on our strategic fit and also strong return. Dan also mentioned, we had a slight impairment with one of our venture investments, but we have a pretty significant venture investment portfolio that we think will bring strong value to the company, particularly as we look out at 2018 and 2019, which is very exciting. I think, just in terms of this deal, it's very consistent, the Endo deal with our strategy, which is, one is to continue to strengthen and diversify the company in the faster growth markets. So the MedSurg segment is a significant contributor. Endo business is a leader, but we were a little bit lighter in terms of our portfolio in the ambulatory surgery center. We also hadn't offered a pathology solution for this business. So it gives us a capability for, in the surgery center market, which is a nice extension, and expands us into some adjacencies in pathology and fills in a few products in our core business. So it will be a nice tuck-in acquisition, nice cost synergies, and probably on a lower risk scale in terms of integration. But we've also complemented those deals with some nice strong investments, obviously you mentioned the WATCHMAN acquisition. And also, I think our – hopefully our M&A track record is pretty solid. We're ahead of our deal model with AMS, we've done a very good job, the PI team with our Bayer acquisition, so we'll continue to look at acquisitions which support the strategy, diversifying to faster growth markets and category leadership, and we're very active in scanning the market in those areas.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. We probably won't provide a lot of color on that. We certainly like the assets of EndoChoice and we're pursuing options. So we haven't declared fully that we are going to sell that business or retain that business. So more information to come likely at our next earning call, in terms of the status update there.
Michael F. Mahoney: So we anticipate especially the likely second half of 2017, the flattening out and ideally a slight improvement on the CRT-D side, on the replacement cycle and then in 2018, on the ICD side. So some benefit in 2017 and more benefit in 2018, based on the modeling that we've done and that'll also come on the heels of a full 2018 launch of our MRI – full year benefit of our MRI capability.
Michael F. Mahoney: So just want to maybe close the call, and Dan talked about kind of mid-single digit guidance for next year. We will provide all that detail in second quarter. I think what we're most excited about is the future of the company and we talked quite a bit about the platforms that we'll be entering and markets approaching $8 billion to $9 billion in 2020. We'll detail this out at the Investor Day, but it's exciting future as we move into a very large market in TAVR expanded indications in the future with WATCHMAN, our drug-eluting technologies, a real commitment that we have to neuro-stimulation expanding to deep brain stimulation and potentially to other areas and really in the field of endoscopy where our team is looking at breakthrough capabilities to take more general surgery approaches to less invasive procedures. So, there's a lot of new therapies that the business will be entering that we'll show at our Investor Day that really give an exciting future to the company beyond our 2017 guidance that we'll provide in February.
