Chas McKhann: Yes. Now let me separate out two things. I think the bigger constraint we've seen has been more on the nurse side than on the physician side. And again, these have been well documented and just in the types of settings I've mentioned. And I think the situation is improving, but that's been coming out of COVID, just a challenge for certain institutions. And I think, like I said, they're starting to get a handle on it and it's improving. On the physician side, there is some movement, but mostly for us, it really is just a matter of continuing to train new users for -- across our products. And then doing, as you said, the leg work once someone is trained, making sure they become totally comfortable with the devices and the procedures and expanding the different kinds of procedures they can use it for in the case of both OverStitch and X-Tack. And in the case of the Orbera side of things, understanding how to really develop their practices and patient marketing some of those other areas where we're doing some of the co-marketing elements.
Chas McKhann: Sure. We've -- we've been investing, as Jeff mentioned, in different aspects of growth. And so certainly are looking to continue to see that. We saw a good evidence of results of that in Q1, but I do expect to see that progress. And certainly to achieve our guidance range for the year, we expect that to continue to step up and are focused on delivering on that. And that will be globally based to get things like some order patterns outside the US with some of our distributors as well. And so we feel good about a nice progression here and reiterating our guidance even with -- and Jeff alluded to this, but just to be really clear, we do have a bit of a headwind on the FX side, more than most companies our size, but are still focused on the guidance we've delivered and internally, we want to exceed that.
Chas McKhann: Sure. Yeah. No, so for ESG and revise, when we submitted to the FDA, which was back in -- late in Q3 of last year, we said that on average, de novo 510(k) take about a year. That is average. There is -- there are wide error bars in those data because de novo 510(k) almost by definition, have a little bit more uncertainty than a traditional 510(k). So it's a little hard to pinpoint. We are preparing for it, and we hope to see that in the second half of the year and doing everything we can to support that process. The -- another big launch that we are working on, clearly, is the X-Tack launch outside the US. We have spoken on previous calls about there's a regulatory change in paradigm going on in Europe. There's a transition to the medical device regulations MDR. You guys may be familiar with your other med tech companies you follow as well. The net result of that is just things are taking longer. And so if we do see an impact, it would be later in the year that we expect, and we said that throughout that it's going to take a while. And then the Japan side for OverStitch, we're very pleased to get the clearance. As I mentioned in my comments, there's still some regulatory work to be done to really open up the market around OverStitch, but it will, I think, on the margin, have some positive impacts on our US business.
Chas McKhann: Yes, Chris. We're excited to see the traction that some of these larger accounts are getting. And it's a mix in terms of the nature of the accounts. Some of them are not endobariatric. I mean they're just kind of broad-based users of across the portfolio, some of the larger academic centers. But I would say the majority -- and this is -- it's a global list, so inclusive of both the US and internationally are some of these early adopters are really embracing the endobariatric side of things. And so for that group, that goes back to a bit of the homework we're doing on how they're approaching the markets, right? They are seeing a really good response to, frankly, the procedures they're offering, right, between intragastric balloons and being a part of that for many of them, not all, but for most. But then also with the ESG and endoscopic revisions, it's a nice affirmation for us that the value proposition resonates with patients. And that's true today even in a primarily cash pay environment or as I've mentioned before, in the kind of case-by-case reimbursement situations that some have access to. But it's been really nice to see. And we will be excited at a time when we do have indication to say how do we support that or look to ways that others can follow in their footsteps.
Chas McKhann: Yes, I think there are a number of factors going on, Chris. One is there is some things around, for example, both seasonality and some COVID impacts, which impacts a bit of what you see in terms of those numbers. We also see, as you move from an environment early on in the launch where a lot of it has to do with some stocking of new accounts and moving to true utilization. And so I think our utilization -- our underlying growth in utilization is probably a little higher from that standpoint. And then we're continuing, I think, in the kind of focus with our sales team of building that sustainable growth. And certainly, we'd like to see continued and even improved quarter-on-quarter growth. And some of that is just some of the newer folks fully getting up to speed and delivering it and producing at the level we expect them to. So, it's a big focus area for us to make sure we continue to sustain it. And I do think that additional clinical information and critical validation around X-Tack, for example, at DDW meeting, will help a lot.
Chas McKhann: Yeah. Thanks, Colin. It's a little bit of all the above. You've kind of touched on a number of the things that we are in the process of doing and have been, but I think are really emphasizing here. One, it's not surprising that we have an established customer base that is more familiar in the upper GI, and so really pushing our reps to move beyond kind of the established customers into a broader set. That is easier to do as we expand our team and they've got kind of smaller territories. And so we're absolutely doing that. We also have better targeting data with more recent clinical procedure numbers that allows them to be able to really focus on where the volumes are and make sure they're engaging the right physicians there. We're doing more in terms of engaging some of the key KOLs that really are the experts in the lower GI and having good -- very good experiences with some of them. But I do think the last piece around clinical data does matter. And so some of the data sets in colonic EMRs, that I mentioned in my opening comments, will be important. We don't know the outcomes of those studies, but we -- anecdotally, we've heard very good things about how people have done. So again, once we certainly know the outcomes of what is presented and both presentations and posters at DDW, being able to leverage that in those conversations. And a lot of the peer-to-peer kind of marketing is really important. I mentioned doing webcast and face-to-face, just making sure people are hearing from their colleagues about how they are incorporating this new approach into their clinical practice. Inertia is a powerful thing in medicine, and we're looking to change that.
Chas McKhann: Sure. So we're kind of doing two things simultaneously. We've got our territory managers that typically are focused on selling each of the products. And especially as a new hire getting up to speed on the training around them, the procedures, supporting the accounts and focusing across all three products. In parallel, Jeff and his comments on one of the slides we've mentioned, this newer role of what we're calling a regional endobariatric manager. These are folks that are either been hired or in some cases, rehired or come back to Apollo, who understand all of the different components that will be required to really have a successful practice kind of from a patient standpoint, before the procedure, during the procedure and after the procedure and can really help support and develop those efforts. For now, it's very much focused on ORBERA, because it's on label for us, and they can kind of focus on those efforts while getting to know the practice is involved. And right now, as Jeff mentioned, at the end of the quarter, we have two of those roles very much was a pilot phase to make sure it's delivering the way we think it can. And then assuming, it does and as we move forward with the indication, that's an area that we would plan to enhance and grow. So you have not a splitting of the sales force, but kind of a layering of different capabilities.
Chas McKhann: Well, listen, thank you all very much for joining us today. We appreciate your time and your support. On this slide, we have upcoming activities, and you're welcome to join of them. And then otherwise, we really appreciate your time today. Thank you very much.
