Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, absolutely. So in S-ICD we expanded our IV sites really in the fourth quarter here. So as we go into right now the first quarter of 2014 the full year we do not have limitations in supply for S-ICD at this point. So the operational improvement that are made we will focus on is physician training and insuring that we have the right, excellent outcomes with S-ICD. And so to this point we are delivering on expectations operationally.  In terms of the results overall for CRM, we saw strong pacer results and we also strong de novo ICD results, the pull down continues to be with our CRT-D results which drove the -- which impacted some of the headwinds of our CRM results.  But overall ICD have been strong, pacers have been strong, and we anticipate S-ICD to be a significant share taker for us for de novo ICD implants as we head in 2014. So we are not going to provide specific guidance as to the carve out of the S-ICD number at this point but we are comfortable with S-ICD in combination with the quad lead that we will be launching in Europe will drive share gains in CRM in 2014. 
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah so we can be more enthusiastic about S-ICD and its ability to treat primary and secondary prevention patients and really the differentiation that we have with us so strategically we think it's very unique and powerful to be a CRM story. We do think we will gain de novo ICD implant share in the first half of the year.  The CRT-D mix that we keep talking about is what's watering that down. So our de novo ICD share we believe has increased in fourth quarter and we believe that will continue to increase in the first half of 2014 driven by the strength of ICD and the S-ICD. The wane in the CRT-D is what's been dragging that piece down and which will be resolved in Europe and we'll start to explore quad CRT-D trial in the first half of 2014. 
Michael F. Mahoney: In total ICD we believe for the full year we should gain share. The second half should accelerate with the quad lead being ramped up in Europe. So for full year we believe we'll be a share taker. We believe we'll definitely be a share taker in that single chamber ICDs, so that's driven by S-ICD. 
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes on Alair we continue to make progress here we had higher reorder rates for the platform, the payers continued to reimburse although on a one-off basis and we also, as you know, had a five year data that was published in the second half of 2013. So we remain bullish about although I'll point out that we haven't had a major payer reimbursement platform. And so in 2014, we are going to through another cycle of this major payers to determine what they are going to reimburse the platform and we have appropriate guidance, appropriate projections built in for the platform and we continue to expect strong growth although it won't be breakthrough growth until we can knock down one of these payers and that's where our team's focused on in '14. 
Michael F. Mahoney: It’s Mike here. Today we haven’t. That’s certainly something we can consider going forward in 2014 but today we haven’t publically stated how many physicians we trained or how many centers going forward.
Michael F. Mahoney: For drug eluting stents yeah the weakness again Turkey wasn’t a great year for us in drug eluting stents. It was a very strong year in our other interventional cardiology business that grew 7%. So the weakness in DES really was Japan with some competitive product launches, Europe we were off the market in Germany for a significant part of the year and quite frankly in U.S. where we anticipated approvals of our PREMIER products early in the fourth quarter it didn't receive until just toward the very end of the year.
Michael F. Mahoney: So in Japan in 2014 we launched PROMUS PREMIER pending approval in Japan we believe in the second half of the year. So we believe we will get back to share taking and a leadership position which we traditionally enjoyed in Japan as we move towards the back half of 2014. We do have a as it is competition pricing headwind in Japan this year for drug eluting stents as the pricing comes down but overall we believe we will get back to a share taking position in the second half in Japan and we should be in a share taking position in U.S. now as we move into the first quarter.
Michael F. Mahoney: So we haven’t locked that in yet with the FDA but we’re projecting a second half of the year IV initiation. 
Michael F. Mahoney: Absolutely, Dan touched on earlier -- thanks for the question first of all, the operating income margin of the Rhythm management group is clearly not what we want it to be and we have been purposely making investments in that business because we see the size of the market and the growth potential and we talked about it today with S-ICD, with WATCHMAN, with our quad and all the moves we made to your point in EP, with the acquisition of C.R. Bard, the acquisition of Rhythmia.  So we really like the market profile of this. We don't like our current operating income margin. And as you indicated as we go through '14 here and we deliver consistent top line growth that will help because the business has suffered historically not growing. So we believe we'll grow the business, we'll see the reverse of the negative dilution of the acquisitions, the short-term negative dilution of Bard and the negative dilution of WATCHMAN and [Livya] Although those kind of acquisitions that have been dilutive will reverse themselves as we move through '14 and '15. If you combined that with improved gross margins of new products that we're lunching, new S-ICD will be launched, new quad, new platforms of our primary ICD and CRT-Ds will be launched with improved gross margins. So growing consistently the reversal of the dilution of these adjacencies and improved gross margins of new products and smarter SG&A spend will really contribute significant margin improvement and rhythm management which really is the backbone of the strategy for the overall corporation's improvement in operating income margin. 
Michael F. Mahoney: I'll make a few comments and I'll have a comments and then I will have Dr. Dawkins comment as well. So we've been -- we believe we've been disciplined in trying to come up with a new production tiered product portfolio to address what's historically been a challenging pricing market.  So it's still a large business but in drug-eluting stents now we have a strategy where we have a, we believe a highly differentiated bio-absorbable stent with SYNERGY that we are pricing at a premium. We are launching that product in markets that will support a premium price so that's not the entire European market.  Our strategy today has not been to drive that price down to workhorse level to try to gain short-term share at the cost of eroding a market. So we've been keeping that at a price premium because we think it's the best product and we're really launching that product in geographies that will support that price.  The second product that we have is PREMIER which likely we'll have a greater mix in terms of overall mix of DES internationally. We believe that's the second best stent in the marketplace behind SYNERGY in terms of its ability to be a work horse stent and treat complex coronary arteries and we'll launch that product throughout Europe and essentially that's being done now.  And then we have a couple of countries that are very, very price sensitive. And we have another brand just called Promus that will continue to sell in that those geographies. So that's the strategy. The fact that we were off the market in Germany which is the large market hurt us in '13, we'll get back in the market in '14 and we hope to use that strategy not only to gain share but to gain share thoughtfully while managing price effectively. 
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Thanks for the question. We can always improve on our platforms and right now with S-ICD what we are really focused on excellent training and excellent outcomes to carve out what we think will be a significant category. And for a physician today the S-ICD is the fitness device and a long lasting battery for subcutaneous ICDs. And so we think it's uniquely positioned today. And if they want a lead solution we have many of those a new platform that we are just launching.  So we think it's uniquely differentiated in its existing platform, we think we have a generation ahead lead in terms of the competition and we will continue to work on new features and capabilities as we look at generation 2.0 and we will certainly give more color on generation 2.0 as we get through 2014. But right now our focus really is on training and delivering excellent outcomes for a very differentiated device in its current generation. 
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah Matt we certainly have modeled that in and we have all of our assumptions on share and volume and the whole bit. And so in Japan certainly it will be a more of a headwind for us in ’14. We think it will be offset by some volume benefit in the first and second half of the year. As we look at overall mix globally of DES pricing we got kind of call in the negative mid-single digit range and hope that will be offset with our mix strategy that we have in Europe and the new launch with PREMIER in the US.  So we think globally it will be a slight headwind but we will make couple over the volume with some of our new portfolio.
Michael F. Mahoney: No, we feel very strong and thanks for asking about that, medical surgical represents now 45% of our business mix and growing. We continue to improve its operating income margins. All three of those businesses and the women’s health urology and endoscopy are growing faster than market. We have new refreshed pipeline that we’ll launch in ’14. They are expanding internationally and so we don't anticipate any slowdown in the performance of our women’s health urology and endoscopy business.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah I think we’re very comfortable and quite frankly we want our SG&A to go down. The fourth quarter SG&A is high, and we have a focus on improving operating income margins of the company and so if we are fortunate to have some additional room we want to sharpen the SG&A and operating income margin performance for company. 
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah I guess we’ve probably not given color on that area. You know we think that would kind of back to the regional question, we really we do believe that will be a share taker in the ICD market in 2014 with this launch with the S-ICD being broadly available as well as the current capabilities of our existing line, with this battery longevity and leave your liability and remote patient monitoring. So we believe we’ll take share particularly in de novo ICD. CRT-D will continue to suffer in the U.S. until we launch our quad core program.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, David. The Rhythm management profitability as Mike mentioned was essentially flat year-over-year driven mostly by the cost in Q4 which were what we believe one-time in nature and driven by launches and bringing S-ICD back to the market. So we would look to make considerable progress in 2014 on rhythm management margin and still remain committed that we get that up to the mid-20s by that 2017 timeframe and obviously it's a big piece of how we get to our 25 as an overall company.  In terms of how we do that it's really just throughout the P&L. I mean as you look at these new product launches that we talked about with Quad and the Quad lead and CRT-D those are higher margins than some of the technologies that they are replacing. And that's the theme that will continue over the next few years with CRM as we launch new technologies that will be margin accretive, so that's one piece.  We get operating leverage from increasing sales. So we plan to increase sales within CRM and that gives us the ability to drop through more relative to that sales increase. And then within SG&A and R&D it's continuing to optimize and drive the most efficient structure that we can. So we are a little disappointed that we stayed flat in 2013 but remain committed for the future increases for management profitability. 
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure so in terms of Q4 versus Q3 gross margin really the thing that impacted at the most was the transition related to inventory charges that we had. So we were at 70.7% gross margin in Q3, we were at 70% gross margin in Q4 and that's worth about 50 basis point in the step down from Q3 to Q4. Relative to the overall margins for us going forward from an operating margin standpoint, if you heard for 2014 we're looking at something approaching 20% from an operating margin and going forward we'll be in that 100 basis point plus range now through 2017 with increasing revenue new growth to really drop through more leverage and get to that goal or better by 2017. So we still remain committed to 2017 25% operating margin at this point. 
Daniel J. Brennan: I think what we have gone on record before saying it's 15% for 2014 and '15 based on some of the geographic mix that we're seeing. I think we're comfortable saying 13% to 15% or next year and 13% to 15% for 2015 as well.  I would be reluctant to go further out than that at this point but I think we're very comfortable that we can have 13% to 15% for this year and next year as well. 
Daniel J. Brennan: Yes. We had a slight dip down in margins in our cardiovascular reporting segments there, a couple one is we are now preparing for the launch of our PREMIER platform, so we did a lot, quite a bit of stock in inventory to get PREMIER launch which we have fully launched in the first quarter of 2014. So a lot of inventory movement there prepared for that which we believe will be share gain for in DES in 2014.  Also we have in terms of improvement areas International DES performance in fact our global performance in 2013 is not what we wanted to be. We did lose a little bit of share in Europe and we are off the market in Germany as well as Japan and our PREMIER approval was late, we just received it shortly after TCP. So with a challenging year overall for DES it was a very positive year for our IC other business segment with 7% and as a mix that IC other businesses is almost the same size as our DES business now. But going into ' 14 we expect the improvement in our margins in the cardiovascular segments given our preparation in inventory available now for both SYNERGY and PREMIER.
Daniel J. Brennan: Nothing significantly difference we like the positions just going forward in '14 we have a three tier strategy with our synergy prices to premium, in our PROMUS PREMIER and our Promus line. So we believe that will be able to hopefully improve the pricing impact that we observes the past few years but we call Canada a mid-single digit overall price headwind in DES.
Daniel J. Brennan: On the S-ICD this is not like a drug eluting stent, so we don't stock it and replace PREMIER like we would Promus with DES and move it to a 1000 labs in a few weeks. So this is a very controlled thoughtful platform launch that requires training for physicians and a proper amount of clinical work to support it. So it's not like DES launch.  So S-ICD will continue to ramp, we moved the IDE centers, there is clearly a queue physicians that we are successfully training them right now and that queue is quite extensive and so there is lot of enthusiasm for it and we think it will grow it will be a share taker for us for our de novo ICD implants.  And the awareness of the therapy continues to build and support that. And so we think this is really unique opportunity for us and we don't see ourselves being supply constrained, it's more of a constraint on training and effective rollout of the products.  What was the second one? Yeah, the OrbusNeich, what the OrbusNeich in Europe did was basically limit us in terms of hitting the Q4 running relative to some of the tender cycles that will take place in Europe and such that’s why we called that out as kind of a bit of a challenge ramping up in Q4 but we think in 2014 we can put some of that behind us.
Daniel J. Brennan: And I think it's important point Brooks as well that you bring up which is EPS is kind of sometimes forgotten as a piece of that rhythm management group but we're looking for that to contribute much more significantly to operating income going forward. 
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah so we haven't provided specific guidance but we grew over 30% for second half of 2013 and we've taken a clear leadership position and gained significant share in a market that's nicely profitable.  So we really like the platform that we have and the capability advantages that we have and how we can extend that platform into other therapies that we're either in trial and/or considering. So we would anticipate that, that market, that growth is going to come down in 2014 given the comparables that we're going to have at the start of second quarter and also some of the pricing pressure. So we do believe that, that business would continue to grow faster than market and gain share but not at the levels of 30%. 
Daniel J. Brennan: Great, Larry. So this Dan, I can probably take those pretty quickly. So the tax, yeah you are correct. So we've not assumed the R&D tax credit in 2014 because it has not yet been enacted. So and that's worth about two points. So I think you are correct there. So if that were to get enacted that's a two point benefit for us.  On days, there should be no change in days for us relative to Q1 or the full year. And then relative to the Japan price cuts which was your third question. We don't really know that hasn't been released yet, obviously so we don't know the specifics of that. But that will certainly be a headwind of growth for Japan and for the company in total depending on where that number comes in. But really don't have a sense yet as to what that will be and we will be obviously more forthcoming once the Japanese government finalizes those numbers. 
Daniel J. Brennan: Bruce this is Dan. Good question. I think if you look at the numbers we gave relative to the midpoint of all that it should actually come to the middle of our range which would be albeit not a round number but about $0.775. So I think the math would get you there you can kind of take a tax rate of 14%, you take 4% revenue growth all the way down take the middle of those and you should get kind of that $0.775. I think what we’ll do relative to if we saw upside in businesses would be to try and book some of that upside and get a head start on the 25%. 
