Susan Lisa: Thank you, Stacy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mahoney, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Brennan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We issued a press release earlier this morning announcing our Q3 2017 results, which included reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in the release. We have posted a copy of that release as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in today's call to the Investor Relations section of our website under the heading Investors/Filings/Quarterly Results and non-GAAP reconciliations. The duration of this morning's call will be approximately one hour. Mike will provide strategic and revenue highlights for Q3 2017; Dan will review the financials for the quarter, and then Q4 2017 and full year 2017 guidance; and then, we'll take your questions. During today's Q&A session, Mike and Dan will be joined by our Chief Medical Officers, Dr. Ian Meredith, and Dr. Ken Stein. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that, on the call, operational revenue growth is defined as excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Organic revenue growth is defined as excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and sales from the acquisitions of EndoChoice and Symetis over the relevant prior year period. In Mike and Dan's remarks, all references to growth are on an organic year-over-year basis unless otherwise specified. Also of note, this call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, which may be identified by words like anticipate, expect, believe, estimate and other similar words. They include, among other things, statements about our growth and market share, new product approvals and launches, clinical trials, cost savings and growth opportunities, our cash flow and expected use, our financial performance, including sales, margins, earnings and other Q4 and full year 2017 guidance, as well as our tax rates, R&D spend and other expenses. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include those described in the Risk Factors section of our most recent 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs filed with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update them. At this point, I'll turn it over to Mike for his comments.
Susan Lisa: Thanks, Dan. Stacy, let's open it up for questions for the next 30 minutes or so. In order to enable us to take as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. Stacy, please go ahead.
Susan Lisa: All right. Stacy, with that, we'll conclude the call. Thank you very much, everyone, for listening in today. Apologies for the technical issues and, Stacy, if you could please give the replay information.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. I'll start with the second one. No update to that. We obviously have not issued guidance yet for 2018; would expect to do that in early 2018. So those numbers that we had given as goals at Investor Day are still good. Relative to Q4, we've guided to Q4 organic revenue growth of 4% to 5%, so the midpoint is 4.5%. So yes, there is, I would say, a slight acceleration if you take the midpoint of our range at that 4.5% versus the 4.3% we posted in Q3. But really, the key point to note is the comp, as we mentioned. The growth comp for Q3 was 9% and it's a little bit over 10% in Q4, so I think that gets at the acceleration portion for Q4. Broadly, the biggest driver from Q3 to Q4 is CRM. We don't expect to be down 1% in CRM in the fourth quarter, especially with the momentum of the RESONATE launch and our MRI safe defibrillator portfolio in the U.S. So, I'd say that's probably the biggest driver of the momentum from Q3 to Q4.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yes. Mike, I think that's a good point. As the rates have moved in 2017 and we're largely hedged in 2017, obviously, as we head into that year, we haven't seen a benefit. And actually, from a gross margin rate perspective, we've actually seen it go the other way on us. I think it's fair to assume our hope is that if rates were to stay where they are that we might see a little improvement against that $0.05 that we gave you of negative FX at Investor Day.
Daniel J. Brennan: Well, obviously, we haven't given guidance yet, Joanne, relative to 2018. You're correct, it's 120 basis point headwind for the full year this year, and I think what's nice is that we basically will have offset that with operational improvements this year relative to the total number. So specific to next year, it's one of the numbers that'll add down to what we give for total guidance for operating margin and earnings per share and such for 2018. But the focus of the team relative to the operational improvements and the value improvement programs that we drive is alive and well. So, we'll need to sort that out relative to what FX will be next year. Again, the hope – as I mentioned to Mike Weinstein's question earlier, the hope is that with the rates where they are, we might see a little bit less of a headwind next year relative to the FX at the bottom line. But we'll give specific line item guidance when we give guidance in 2018.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yes, Matt. I think we've been pretty public about that in the past, and I don't think that really the timing of the payment for the IRS settlement really changes that. It's M&A and returning cash to shareholders are our two most favored uses of cash. I think we've balanced that well over the last four or five years, while at the same time settling a lot of legacy litigation liabilities and such. So, as we look forward to 2018, 2019, 2020, think back to Investor Day, we had talked about 90-plus percent of our cash over the next three years being able to go towards M&A and share repurchase over that timeframe, where it's been kind of the reverse of that over the last three or four years. So, I would look for M&A and share repurchase over that timeframe. And from an M&A perspective, there's plenty of opportunities out there to support our overall strategy of category leadership. I think you've seen that this year with a couple of the more notable ones we've done with Symetis and Apama, and I'd look for more of the same.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, I'll start with the second one. Yes, we haven't changed our timelines for U.S. approval to be mid-2018. So, we stay on track for that. There's a potential that the actual submission may slip into January, but we're comfortable with our timeline for approval mid-2018 and launching and starting to see a nice impact in the U.S. second half of 2018. No. In Europe, it really comes down to very small minimal impact to our overall business in Structural Heart franchise. And so what we want to do is ensure as robust a possible manufacturing and quality control process, given the importance of the platform, and we're just continuing to take a long-term view of this. And depending on the review time needed by the European regulators, we expect to launch LOTUS Edge in Europe in first quarter 2018. So, the bulk of it really is ensuring sound manufacturing and quality control, and we estimate a first quarter 2018 launch.
Michael F. Mahoney: No, we haven't made any technical changes beyond the pin pull fix that we've discussed. It's more scalability of our operations and supply chain and quality capabilities.
Michael F. Mahoney: Simply, as we look at the – we talked about the end of the line QC testing that we've put in place that's automated, as well as testing along the lines of it in different increments, as well as ensuring we have the sufficient design builds for the number of devices needed for the PMA submission. So, it's design builds as well as enhancements to the quality control and scalability of the line. And so, with that, as said, we don't see a delay in our U.S. approval and we see potentially a 90-day delay in terms of our European launch.
Michael F. Mahoney: We feel comfortable with it. So, we haven't projected a delay to the U.S., which is the biggest market. We've exceeded our Structural Heart guidance, we estimate, for the year. The only impact, which we think is quite minor, is in Europe, which is potentially a 90-day delay. And so, we debated forever whether we should just say January or first quarter; we landed on the first quarter. So, we feel like a 90-day delay in Europe is an accurate date and we haven't delayed our U.S. launch. And in the meantime, we exceeded expectations with WATCHMAN as well as ACURATE.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. So, we continue to see very strong growth in China. We're up 18% in the Emerging Markets and over 20% growth in China, again. And really, our business in China is really being diversified beyond just drug-eluting stents. So, some of the pricing, tendering and so forth you see in drug-eluting stents potentially could have an impact on our price, which we've already baked in to lots of our guidance that we gave at Investor Day. But also, that's offset by volume as we continue to increase our commercial distribution reach, and now we're playing in tenders and provinces that we never had in the past. So, we think our volume and distribution reach will offset any potential price declines in DES in China. And then, we continue to register new products in complex coronary. But more importantly, we just continue to diversify beyond DES in China. WATCHMAN's doing quite well for us at nice ASPs. Our whole MedSurg business was very underweight there a few years ago. Now, Endo/Uro/Neuromod are gaining traction, as well as our PI business. So, we really don't see in our projections a change of our kind of 15% growth commitment coming out of the Emerging Markets over the next couple of years.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. Candidly, Symetis has outperformed our expectations, and its potential impact, globally, we're much more bullish on as part of our TEVR strategy, quite frankly, than versus we first acquired it. So today we're primarily in Germany and some of the Nordic countries, and we're expanding. We're getting out of some distribution arrangements that were previously set. We're working through that this year and early part of next. And we're enhancing our direct sales force with the Symetis platform. So, we'll seek to provide potentially more specific guidance on Structural Heart at the next earnings call. We'll detail out what our plans are for 2018. But essentially, we've been able to deploy the bulk of our Structural Heart commercial organization and clinical over to Symetis while we're enhancing the LOTUS valve and bringing that back to Europe in first quarter 2018, and Europe and U.S. approval by second half – second quarter next year. So, the valve is doing very well. And I think to speak to that, there was just an interesting article written yesterday in JACC Magazine, JACC, that maybe Ian can highlight a bit.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. So, Pacer for the quarter, we really anniversary – quite frankly, it's more of a comp issue. We've anniversaried some tough comps with the pacer growth that we had last year, and so we expect that to improve. But really, it was a comp issue for the quarter and it was offset by our strong growth in ICD, which is up 1% for the quarter, really being fueled by S-ICD. And the quarter really didn't reflect any Resonate benefit beyond what we saw in Europe – sorry, European's CRM business grew nicely on the heels of Resonate, which we will launch in – with earnest throughout 2018.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. So, we're very bullish on our position, particularly in Defib, as we close out 2017 and enter in 2018. As we articulated, that Resonate platform not only offers that MRI capability, but we believe that HeartLogic, that Ken can probably detail out a bit more, is a highly differentiated diagnostic tool for heart failure physicians that we'll be doing a number of clinical studies on. Then, you combine it with a longevity benefit. So, I think we're really well positioned with Resonate and S-ICD to take share in Q4 as well as throughout 2018 in Defib, which is clearly – is the highest profit margin business within CRM versus Pacer. So, we don't expect this to have the same level of growth rates that we saw when we had the Pacer MRI, because we had this MRI compatibility strategy with our current ICD and CRT-Ds. But nonetheless, we do expect to grow faster than market in Defib and expect faster growth in fourth quarter and in 2018 than we saw in 2017 in that business. And that'll also be combined with some benefits of a – more of a tailwind in replacements, which we talked about being about 100 basis points to CRM. So, we think we're very well positioned in the high margin Defib business with S-ICD and Resonate, as well as the tailwind, and also our strength in the EP business, which is up 18% in the quarter.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. We didn't really want to overplay the weather card. We thought it was kind of 10 basis points to 20 basis points in the quarter, so had some impact and – but our teams did a really nice job. It had some impact on procedures, clearly, in Houston and in Florida. But overall, I think it just shows the balance and strength of the company, that diversified growth across Europe and Asia-Pac, and also, particularly with Europe's growth, which was a 9% operational growth with a benefit of a number of our new platforms, with the Eluvia, the DES, and the DCB, with the Resonate platform launching more quickly in Europe, as well as the impact of Symetis, as well as the growth of EP; it was significant in Europe. And again, all those platforms are coming to the U.S. So it gives us a lot of optimism for the U.S. growth as we head into 2018, 2019 and 2020 on the heels of these platforms that are performing very well in Europe. So, will there be upside from Medtronic's challenges? I think all companies have had challenges with Puerto Rico, and I think our team's done a really good job of limiting supply outages and having terrific contingency plans and backup resiliency plans in order to minimize those impacts that you're maybe seeing more strongly from other companies.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. I guess it just speaks to why we acquired Symetis in the first place. And we've talked about it for a while. We think the data for Symetis is very compelling, and Ian articulated that in terms of its performance against the best valves that Edwards and Medtronic has. We'll have a trial that will report that out. So, we have a lot of confidence in the clinical capabilities of Symetis and we have tremendous confidence in the unique abilities of LOTUS. And so, combined in a $5 billion market, which is a very small number for us today, we think it gives us the most unique growth profile in Structural Heart combined with WATCHMAN. And we're in the – I think we're not even – we're probably in the top of the first inning, still, in terms of our LOTUS opportunity as well as Symetis.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. Unfortunately, with the delays, we've had – we have commercial capability ready to go in the U.S. for LOTUS. They've been deployed elsewhere within our Cardiovascular team since they can't, obviously, sell LOTUS at this point. So, we have resources already established and we'll continue to strengthen and build upon that team. So, it won't be a commercial concern for us. And by the time we launch LOTUS in the U.S. at greater scale in the third quarter, we'll have been ramping up manufacturing significantly in the first half. So commercial capabilities and manufacturing should not be a concern for us when we launch in the U.S.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. So, our focus clearly has been on the TAVR platforms, as you know, with LOTUS as well as ACURATE, as well as our WATCHMAN. And we think the size of the TAVR market is well over $5 billion, likely. And the WATCHMAN market, every point of penetration is $250 million; and, we continue to press on clinical and portfolio advantages there. So, we've been investing in the mitral area more with our VC investments, some of which have not been disclosed. So, we're interested in repair as well as replace. And we've really done more work on that through VC investments that we've made as well as a few internal, organic R&D opportunities. So, more to come on that. It's an area that we're interested in. We do think it'll be a significant market. We do think it'll play out longer than TAVR, given that it's more fragmented. So, expect us to continue to enhance our capabilities in that area, but it's not as much of a priority versus our atrial appendage and TAVR programs.
Ian Meredith, M.D., Ph.D.: Perhaps, I can take that actually, Bob. This is Ian Meredith here. So, as you know, we are well out of the starting gate with the regulatory approval processes, both Europe and indeed for the PMA. We have the PMA submission in the U.S. We have two of the three modules already submitted, including the clinical module, and the clinical module is one that might be the normal stumbling block. That's out there. And the technical data, as Mike said, will be submitted by year-end or possibly in January, and we're just trying to meet the number of design builds to provide that technical information. In Europe, we're working very closely with our notified body to ensure LOTUS Edge notification of change reflects the regulator's requirements in advance of the new medical device regulation framework that will come into place 2019 to 2020. So, I think the timeline is in our hands and I think the processes Mike outlined before really characterize the minor delay.
Ian Meredith, M.D., Ph.D.: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Rick, we continue to be very excited about the progress of the ACURATE platform in Europe. And as you know, the SCOPE I trial, which is a randomized, multi-center, head-to-head trial comparing S3 versus ACURATE, is going extremely well in the countries that it's in. And indeed, it's on target to complete its enrollment by the middle of next year. The SCOPE II trial, which is a randomized, head-to-head trial against the Evolut R or PRO platform is also doing well, and we expect that to complete enrollment in the middle of the year. As well as that, Mike just mentioned there was a nice publication in JACC: Interventions (sic) [JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions], yesterday. Three German centers comparing head-to-head – non-randomized data, though – ACURATE versus S3, showing equivalent efficacy and safety with a significantly lower rate of pacemakers for ACURATE and overall excellent results. Of course, this is not randomized data, but it bodes very well to the results of the forthcoming SCOPE I trial and, more importantly, the planned U.S. IDE ACURATE trial in full – for all classes, the extreme high and intermediate risk, which is planned for the second half of next year. So, these data published yesterday certainly give us great insight into the likely – or potentially likely outcomes for both SCOPE I and the U.S. IDE trial.
Ian Meredith, M.D., Ph.D.: Thanks, Larry. Probably, it's hard for me to comment fairly on market share. Obviously, you can see that ACURATE is doing very, very well in Europe. It's a very popular platform. I think it'll play out over time what the market share will be.
Ian Meredith, M.D., Ph.D.: Well, once the PMA submission is completed, it will be just a case of answering any questions that are required to complete that submission. And it's just simply a process of dialogue with the FDA. We have frequent and very productive communication with the FDA. So, it's simply a process of meeting their expectations. There's obviously a timeline to the FDA approval process, and in that time we may be required to answer questions.
