Dan Brennan: Thanks, Mike. Second quarter 2023 consolidated revenue of $3.599 billion represents 11% reported revenue growth versus the second quarter of 2022 and reflects a 100 basis point headwind from foreign exchange, in line with expectations. Excluding this $33 million headwind from foreign exchange, operational revenue growth was 12% in the quarter. Sales from acquisitions and divestitures contributed 30 basis points, resulting in 11.6% organic revenue growth, exceeding our guidance range of 7% to 9%. Q2 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $0.53 grew 20.7% versus 2022, exceeding the high end of our guidance range of $0.48 to $0.50, driven by strong sales performance and a favorable effective tax rate in the quarter. Adjusted gross margin for the second quarter was 72%, slightly ahead of our expectations, resulting in an adjusted gross margin of 71.2% for the first half of 2023. We continue to expect second half gross margin to be lower than the first half of 2023 and in line with the second half of 2022, largely due to timing of foreign exchange movements in 2022. Second quarter adjusted operating margin was 26.8%, slightly ahead of expectations, predominantly driven by strong top line performance and partially offset by slightly higher SG&A spend. We continue to focus on adjusted operating margin expansion and are maintaining our full year 2023 goal of approximately 26.4% adjusted operating margin, which would represent 80 basis points of improvement versus the full year 2022. On a GAAP basis, the second quarter operating margin was 14.3%. Moving to below the line, second quarter adjusted interest and other expenses totaled $93 million, slightly higher than expectations, driven by FX volatility in certain unhedged currencies. On an adjusted basis, our tax rate for the second quarter was 9.8%, slightly below expectations due to certain discrete tax items and a lower than anticipated operational tax rate of 13.2%, driven by our geographic mix of earnings in the quarter. Fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding ended at 1,456 million shares in Q2, which includes the issuance of 23.98 million common shares upon the conversion of our mandatory convertible preferred stock on June 1 of this year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $514 million, with $658 million from operating activities, less $143 million net capital expenditures. Excluding special items, adjusted free cash flow was $730 million. We continue to target full year 2023 adjusted free cash flow in excess of $2.3 billion. As of June 30, 2023, we had cash on hand of $426 million and our leverage was 2.4 times, in line with our expectations. I'll now walk through guidance for Q3 and the full year. We expect full year 2023 operational revenue growth to be in a range of 11% to 12%, which excludes an approximate 50 basis point headwind from foreign exchange. Excluding the impact of closed acquisitions and divestitures, we expect full year 2023 organic revenue growth to be in a range of 10% to 11% versus 2022. We expect third quarter 2023 operational revenue growth to be in a range of 8% to 10% versus Q3 2022, excluding an approximate 50 basis point tailwind from foreign exchange based on current rates. Excluding the contribution from closed acquisitions and divestitures, we expect third quarter 2023 organic revenue growth to be in a range of 7% to 9%. We continue to expect our full year 2023 adjusted below the line expenses to be approximately $340 million. We continue to expect our full year 2023 operational tax rate to be approximately 14%. Under current legislation and forecasted geographic mix of sales, we now expect an adjusted tax rate of approximately 12.5%, reflecting favorable tax discretes recognized in the second quarter. We expect a fully diluted weighted average share count of approximately 1.475 billion shares for Q3 2023 and 1.464 billion shares for full year 2023. We expect full year adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $1.96 to $2, representing 15% to 17% growth versus 2022, which we believe delivers top tier financial performance. We continue to anticipate a neutral impact from FX on our full year 2023 adjusted earnings per share and we expect third quarter adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $0.46 to $0.48. For more information, please check our Investor Relations website for Q2 2023 financial and operational highlights, which outlines more details on Q2 results and 2023 guidance. In closing, I'm very proud of our first half financial performance with top tier organic revenue growth of 13%, adjusted operating margin of 26.2% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 20%, all contributing towards our top-tier financial goals. I look forward to continued momentum in the second half of 2023. And with that, I'll turn it back to Lauren, who will moderate the Q&A.
Dan Brennan: And then specific to Investor Day, Joanne, which is coming up here on September 20 for us, I would expect to see what you've seen in past investor days. You'll see the team give us a sense of what we think we can do with our financial goals over the next three years. So a formula, it's worked pretty well for us in our past Investor Days and I would look for us to do the same here in September.
Dan Brennan: Sure. Let me try and put a finer point on that, Rick. So for the first half, we ended at 26.2% operating margin with a real strong 26.8% in the second quarter, which puts us in a good spot for our full year target, which is the 26.4%. Specific to Q2 and the 26.8%, for us, it's always about achieving the overall operating margin goals. And I think history would show that we manage all lines of the P&L pretty well to accomplish that objective. So in any given period, you may see one area of the P&L might contribute more or less. But the ultimate goal is, obviously, to get to that bottom line. And then really specific to Q2, I'm really happy that we got to that 26.8% adjusted operating margin. It's 160 basis points better than last year. And we were also able to accelerate some key SG&A investments to ensure the success of some of those upcoming transformational launches that we have starting here, hopefully, this year with our Cryo launch. So for us, it's always about all areas of the P&L can contribute to the overall operating margin story. Relative to first half, second half, the gross margin, which was a little north of 71% for the first half should be lower in the second half, should be more in line with where we were in the second half of last year, kind of in that 70.5% range for the second half. But the operating margin for the second half will get us -- will be higher than it was in the first half and obviously get us to that 26% goal for the year. The reason for the gross margin being lower in the second half, as we've said, is the FX movements in 2022. So as you go forward, I think lower gross margin in the second half, but higher operating margin in the second half to get to that 26.4%. And one little slight quarterly nuance is, I would expect to see a step down in Q3 relative to that 26.8% that we posted in Q2 and then a step up in Q4 to get to the overall number to get to 26.4% for the year. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of flavor of how we were thinking about it in Q2 and what the second half would bring to get us to that 26.4% for the year.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Danielle. I think I can take that one. If you look at the second half, take the full year of 10% to 11%, which I'm super excited about. I mean they have a fully double-digit range for the full year for organic revenue growth is exciting and I'm proud of that. And when you look at the second half, the guidance we've given for the third quarter is 7% to 9%, so 8% at the midpoint. And then the implied is 7% to 9% for the fourth quarter to get to that, coupled with the first half performance that's what gets you to that 10% to 11% full year result. And I think that's appropriate and prudent guidance with where we are the comps, they're a little harder in the second half. I think it's like 100 basis points harder in the second half than they are in the first half. But overall, I think that 7% to 9% is appropriate, prudent for the second half. And if it gets us to that 10% to 11% for the full year, I think that will be a really successful year, coupled with 80 basis points of margin expansion and EPS growth of 15% to 17%, adjusted EPS for the year, I'd call that a pretty good year for the company.
Dan Brennan: Sure. I'll start at the kind of the overall operating margin level. So if you say that we achieved the 26.4% adjusted operating margin goal for this year, the good news is there's still a long runway of margin expansion journey for us, well beyond that 26.4%. We've said publicly many times that we believe that 30% plus is a very reasonable target for the company. There's nothing structurally that prevents us from getting there. And to the extent that you have a durably, consistently growing top line, it just gives you a number of leverage opportunities to continue to grow that. So you have that kind of as a backdrop. Specific to areas of the P&L, I think the inflation piece is largely hitting gross margin. And we said that we had the $375 million of impact in '22 versus 2019 in gross margin and, in this year, it's basically stayed relatively consistent. So it's not a headwind or a tailwind versus last year, but obviously, a headwind versus that 72.4% margin that we were in 2019. So specific to your question around what happens going forward, I don't think we'll see a lot of inflationary abatement in '23. I think the guidance that we've given assumes we're kind of in -- we are where we are for the year. But as we look forward to '24 and beyond, yes, I mean, this year, the full year gross margin is -- will be kind of approaching 71% for the year. So that's a gap to where we used to be. And our goal, we're maniacally focused on getting back to that level. We do need some macro help in that, as you mentioned. So some of the elements of it, freight, we do see that getting a little better, the inflationary impact of the cost of the inputs into our manufacturing process, we see that abating over time. And then the consistency of the supply of the materials into our manufacturing process has improved. I mean, frankly, that’s improved, but it’s not back to where it used to be. So we still – it is choppier than we’d like to see it. And that does impact your ability to really run a really efficient manufacturing process. So I think ‘23 kind of, as I said, we are where we are. When you get to ‘24 and beyond, I think there is an opportunity for gross margin to continue to contribute. Frankly, I think all areas of the P&L can contribute, both areas in OpEx, SG&A and R&D, we can be more efficient. In R&D, we certainly can be more efficient overall in SG&A. And if gross margin can move north of that, approaching 71% that we have for this year, I’m excited about the opportunity for margin expansion going forward.
Dan Brennan: Yes. So I mean our capital allocation strategy has been remarkably consistent, right? It’s all about the number one priority being high-quality tuck-in M&A. It’s still our number one priority. We continue to look at opportunities in conjunction with our financial goals. We have closed two deals this year. The acquisition of Apollo closed in April, and then our acquisition of a stake in Acotec, the Chinese company, closed in February. So we’ve closed a couple this year. We continue to look to be active in the M&A space, and that remains our number one capital allocation priority.
Dan Brennan: Yeah. Obviously, with FX, we'll see where that is when we snap the line when we give guidance. So hard to comment on that now. And then there's always things that happen – VPP (ph) and other things that happen in every year. So our goal will be to -- we'll hit that 26.4% for this year continue to move that north over the LRP period. And again, as Mike said, look for us to be pretty prescriptive as what we think we can do at our Investor Day upcoming in September.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. Good morning, Robbie. Yeah. So as you know, our portfolio is with the interventional procedures that we offer are very geared to an outpatient setting, in which we think is very positive trend and strategy for the long-term outlook for Boston Scientific, that's where the market is moving towards. So just a quick snapshot around the world. Japan had a very strong quarter just -- really that's primarily portfolio related. China had an excellent quarter. There was an easier comp in second quarter last year due to COVID impact. But I think that whole outpatient dynamic doesn't really play as significantly as much in Asia-Pac there. But really, it's more portfolio related for Japan, some COVID benefit, but great performance in China. And I think what's impressive about Europe, it's really across the board, across all the regions and the emerging markets. Some slowness in Russia, but we're lightly exposed in Russia, less than 1% and U.S. grew 9% as well. You've seen a bit higher proportion of outpatient procedures in the U.S than some of the other regions. But we continue to see just very strong patient demand. There's still a typically a very common wait list for most of our procedures for physicians. So it's a very steady supply and we have a terrific portfolio to meet the market.
Mike Mahoney: Yeah. To make additional comment on FARAPULSE in the quarter, really pleased to see the increased utilization in Europe. We still have been supply chain constrained with our councils in Europe. So the demand for the platform far exceeds our ability to supply thus far, which we've reported out for a number of quarters in a row. But what's exciting, we just recently received GMED approval for a manufacturing approval to actually manufacture this in Minnesota, where we are here. And so we do anticipate, with the capabilities of the European team and the materials work by the supply chain, that we expect a significant increase in availability of new accounts in the fourth quarter of 2023 and that continuing on in 2024 well in advance of the launch in the U.S. So really proud of the supply chain team in this environment to build this capability internally to meet the demand. And you should expect a number of new centers opening in the fourth quarter, but the utilization is what surprised me. The utilization growth within the served centers in Europe continues to be impressive, which speaks to the performance of the platform.
Mike Mahoney: Yeah. We're obviously very bullish. WATCHMAN has been a pretty amazing product launch as well. Sometimes it gets drowned out in some of these would be continued momentum in that category and the growth of that market. But FARAPULSE is very exciting for us. We've been investing for quite a while post-acquisition to build up manufacturing capabilities, which is the most important thing we could do to meet the demand that we're seeing in Europe and in certain countries in Asia-Pac. So we're very pleased with that milestone. And as I commented earlier, expect to drive a number of new installs in the fourth quarter. I also mentioned just the ongoing increase in utilization. So the physicians who are using that in Europe and selected markets in Asia continue to drive more usage of it, which really is a terrific sign, very similar to what we saw with WATCHMAN throughout that progress. We also have a very strong clinical trial cadence with our persistent trial advantage, which is enrolling very quickly in other trials that we've announced as well as ongoing enhancements of the portfolio. So we have the R&D to continue to strengthen the portfolio, the clinical science studies to continue to advance it, and it's the fastest growing -- one of the fastest-growing fields along with WATCHMAN in MedTech, where we have a very low share. We know it's a very competitive market, but we feel we have many advantages with FARAPULSE and really driving the clinical data in this field and we also have the commercial infrastructure to exploit the opportunity. So we're very bullish on it, and we're looking forward to the ADVENT release.
Mike Mahoney: Yeah. Thank you. I'm trying to be vague. It's as you saw in the first half results, the results are really broad-based across the company and across each region. Excellent growth in Asia Pac and Japan and China, continued share taking in Europe and excellent performance in the U.S. So it's really not one region driving it, which should give investors a lot of confidence in just the momentum and durable growth of the company. The standouts, there are a number of them. You continue to see WATCHMAN performance very strong. That market continues to grow well in excess of 20%. We continue to take a little bit of share in that category. And we're very excited in the future about the launches of the distributable sheets and the next-gen WATCHMAN FLX Pro and the potential of these market-expanding trials, which will read out in a couple of years here. So that platform continues to do very well. Our coronary business did excellent. We're seeing nice results of agents in the U.S. We'll be launching that in 2024, which really reverses any declining trend in drug-eluting stents, and that complex coronary business continues to do well. We saw a great strong growth in PI and endo, euro. We had some softness in our Neuromod business. We anticipate that to get better in the second half. So really, it's a continued momentum. And what we'll highlight at Investor Day is some of the questions we received today. We have some potential very big growth drivers with ongoing WATCHMAN momentum in our entire EP business with the launch of Cryo, which we anticipate in the third quarter this year, and FARAPULSE, which has been discussed at great length. So just good momentum and extremely exciting launches coming that we’ll detail out at Investor Day.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. Thank you. POLARx is doing extremely well in Japan, doing quite well in Europe as well, where we also are selling FARAPULSE, as you indicated. We do not have the constraints on POLARx from a supply standpoint. So the team has been well ahead of that. So there's no limitations there. We do anticipate approval at some point, likely in the third quarter. So we'll have the supply to meet the demand. We have the commercial team in place. And the Cryo market is quite substantial in the U.S. And certainly, doctors are very interested in FARAPULSE, but there's a number of Cryo users there. Some physicians may be looking for even longer-term data on FARAPULSE. So we do see a nice market for Cryo in the coming years. And that's an area that really hasn't seen any innovation in nearly a decade. And so we're excited about what POLARx delivers in terms of differentiating features. Physicians are anxious to try a new platform, and we had the demand to support it. So it's -- we're blessed to have both FARAPULSE coming in the U.S. and Cryo as well as our mapping system to really meet the demands of the electrophysiologists. So we're excited about launching Cryo.
Mike Mahoney: Thanks for the endo question. Just one of our very best businesses in the company, a very global business, a strong contributor to accretive OI margin and grew 12% in the quarter. And consistent with other quarters, on the portfolio, it's quite broad-based. We did see strong procedure volume in the quarter, which is positive. And so I would say the procedure volume overall is quite high in that arena. But still, as mentioned earlier, oftentimes waitlist certainly in the U.S. and in Europe for that business. So we expect ongoing strong demand there. The Apollo acquisition, we're very excited about. The strategy for within endo is we have such a broad-based portfolio with so many SKUs that we are the clear category leader in that area. And we also, as you know, offer very differentiated technologies within that portfolio like SpyGlass, Axios (ph) and now Apollo and also the GESTALT-D (ph) platform. So Apollo also adds this endoluminal suturing capability. The opportunity to expand into the endobariatric market, which we believe will be a high growth area. Certainly, it is in Asia today, in Japan and in the U.S. patients seek a less invasive form to have that bariatric procedure. And it couples nicely with the entire portfolio. So our customers enjoy doing broad-based contracts with our Endo business and the portfolio that we offer, supported by strong procedure volumes. So we'll continue to innovate in that business. And the scopes continue to contribute growth as well. So it's really broad-based across that portfolio.
Mike Mahoney: Yeah. So we -- it's good for us to create tough comps. We didn't have an easy comp going into this year. It was about a 9% comp going into '23. So that's a pretty healthy comp. And you indicated what the guidance is. I won't repeat up too many of the other comments. It's broad-based momentum. So growing in that guidance range versus 9% comp is a strong year. And we'll give guidance obviously in January for 2024, and Dan will give some insights to our three-year LRP at Investor Day. And we're really bullish about this next three-year period based on these differentiated launches that based on the current momentum that we have in the business, the product cycle that we have and the opportunity to potentially take it up to another level over a three-year period with these launches, many of which we've been discussed on the call today, many of them coming out of the cardio business. And also the benefit of the margin improvement opportunity that Dan outlined, which we think is a multiyear margin improvement opportunity for us and the increasing strength of the balance sheet. So I think all those areas point to the momentum of the company, but we're excited about really the next chapter of the company, given the cadence of launches that really have been a bit more derisked, I would say, versus a year ago.
Mike Mahoney: You've seen others report. So the markets are healthy. There's -- we had a bit tougher comps than some of the others in the second quarter. So we're proud of the growth we had in the second quarter. And we had maybe a bit less easier comp. So the -- we'll further redefine what we think the markets are growing in the future. We call it maybe the -- we would have said 6% to 7%-ish range for our served market growth and maybe that's a bit higher this year. But we still believe that in most of our business units, we're growing faster than our peer group, which is what we're paid to do. So it's a healthy market. And whenever we have a very close pulse with our customers and the hospitals that have -- the big hospital systems who have already announced earnings, they have very healthy demand, but we see an ongoing patient backlog for lack of a -- patient wait time. So we don't see the current demand abating. Oftentimes, you'll see a bit of a slowdown in some of the vacation months in August and so forth, which is very routine. But we do anticipate continued support from strong procedure volume in the coming years. We don't see that really abating.
