Mike Mahoney: Sure, David. I'll take that one and then I'll hand your call off as well. As you look at the 3% to 6%, we’re not going to get into the specifics of what the individual line item guidance is for specific products within that, but at the low end of that, its markets that may not be as strong as they are today. Maybe pricing is a little bit more unfavorable. Always have to be wary of the global economy and then specific around Structural Heart maybe it's a slower ramp in some of our Structural Heart products, LOTUS and then WATCHMAN in the U.S. The flip side of that on the higher end of that is, maybe the core end markets are a little bit better. Some of them -- some of our markets we call kind of flat to slightly up. If those are a little bit better, then that’s closer to the top end. The flip of the slower ramp in Structural Heart is maybe there is a stronger uptick relative to those products. And then, MedSurg which doesn't get a lot of attention on the high-end maybe better and earlier new product launches on MedSurg front could get us closer to the higher range as well. Hopefully that -- directionally hopeful that’s helpful in terms of what would put us at each end of that range.
Mike Mahoney: Hi, good morning, Mike. Yes, on the EMBLEM we’re still confident that we’ll be able to have a full rollout of EMBLEM product by the end of the year in 2015 both in U.S. and Europe, and we’re really building up our internal supply chain capabilities to accommodate that goal for yearend launch in EMBLEM in both those markets. On the enrollment of our LOTUS TAVR valve we’re making good progress there. We have about 50 to 60 patients enrolled currently, and we’re confident of a fourth -- by yearend enrollment in 2015 for TAVR as well as our registry in Europe will continue to mount. And then third one, on WATCHMAN, I don’t think you asked about that one. We’re still confident in a first half approval in the U.S. with WATCHMAN.
Mike Mahoney: Just briefly, then you can add to it, Keith. We take a lot of pride in the capabilities of our engineering teams and our clinical teams and our commercial teams. And we have very strong track record of delivering innovation across the cardiovascular business, and we have really excellent capabilities in terms of R&D and manufacturing at Galway. And we’re really building strong knowledge base in structural heart in TAVR as well as WATCHMAN. So, we think given our leadership commercial position and the capabilities of R&D team that the structural heart expectations of the external analysts is quite understated as you go out in the mid and longer term of the strat plan. So we would be very disappointed in delivering against some of the projections that externally have been discussed. So we have a lot of confidence in the program, and we think with the differentiated platform, we’re starting to see that and the revenue growth numbers in the fourth quarter in Europe. And we’re really starting to click in terms of the productivity the R&D teams with, as Keith said with new valve sizes coming, reduction in profile of the device coming, and its really just building up new capabilities everyday. We also think the market as you said continues to expand globally, and we also think this is a very expensive endeavor to be fully committed to the TAVR space. And we don’t think this market is going to be quite as crowded as what we see in Europe globally.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. Thanks for asking the question on endoscopy. Overall we’re pleased with the performance for the full year. We grew 5% in the quarter -- fourth quarter, 5% in the full year. We think that’s slightly faster than the market. And the team is really building out – it’s our most global business, and the team is building a number of new capabilities to drive future revenue growth particularly in Biliary in the emerging markets where there is a lot of under-penetrated patient demand as well as the need for greater physician training. So, our team is really pioneering that in the emerging markets. So, we think 5% of solid year. Then also as Dan, mentioned the MedSurg segment improved operating margins. And as you look to 2015, we’ll have a stronger cadence of product launches in the endoscopy business in 2015 which should help. And also as you mentioned Alair which I think some had written off is starting to build some momentum in terms of reimbursement as I mentioned in the opening comments. So we still have a long way to go for Alair to make a meaningful impact on the top line of endoscopy, but we’re not giving up on it, because the product works, the clinical results are very good. And we think over time, we’ll continue to layer on additional reimbursement approvals where Alair maybe not in ’15 but in the strat plan period will have a more significant impact on endoscopy’s top line.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. So, on Neuromod, the performance if you look across 2014 was a 5% grower, and we clearly had very high growth in the first half of the year off of our Spectra launch, and then we really had some very challenging growth comparables in the second -- really the second half of the year. I don’t have the exact number, but growth comparable is probably in the 25% plus range that we’re fighting against. So for the full year to scratch out of 5% growth we think its kind of in line with the market for Neuromodulation. We also are encouraged with as we head into 2015 with some new product approvals with the 32 contact paddle which we think provides additional differentiation with our Spectra platform, and Spectra continues to be really the market share leader in spinal cord stimulation with share gains there. So we have some new products that will come in 2015, and Nevro we anticipated their FDA approval, so that wasn’t a surprise for us. We have been competing with Nevro for a number of years over in Europe and Australia. In Australia we’re very comfortable with our leading market share position. And also as you mentioned, we are investing beyond the technology platforms in additional clinical studies for Neuromodulation, and we’ll continue to report those out as appropriate.
Mike Mahoney: Yes, we haven’t provided any insights yet in terms of the, kind of the launch strategy in the U.S. We are expecting FDA approval synergy in late ’15, so hopefully we can get a potentially a fourth quarter impact with synergy. And we’re continuing to be very careful about how we price that synergy. We think that’s the best way to preserve the strength of this overall marketplace, the strategy to working for us, and for the full year we grew DES 6% in a combination between PREMIER and Synergy. So, we think we offer a differentiated platform that provides unique value and therefore we should be apprised appropriately that way. So, we’ll continue to refine our launch plans for U.S. and communicate more details on that once it’s approved.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. So, on the Rhythmia side we did see -- you saw a few cases if you went to the few live cases at the AFib meeting in Orlando early in January there. So we’ve just really launched our first call it 10 sites or so globally, and we’re seeing some excellent feedback in terms of the speed and acquisition times and the collection points of the Rhythmia platform. In those sites we are seeing some core pull-through as you mentioned in the diagnostic side. And also, lecture physiologists are looking at Boston Scientific as their Rhythm Management provider. So we also see the strength of our CRM business, the capabilities we have there will also help in the overall story with lecture physiologists. So we’re in our early days of the Rhythmia launch but its going well on the sites that have installed it and we have seen some pull-through in diagnostic catheters.
Mike Mahoney: Yes, on the MiFi catheters we’re still enrolling in the U.S. and we’re looking to continue to sell the open-irrigated platform for MiFi in Europe.
Dan Brennan: Sure, David. You’re correct. I mean, gross margin has been a significant point of strength for the company over the last two to three years. And we look for that to continue going forward. It’s probably about a -- at the mid-point of our range, 80 basis points over 2014. So, we were 70.7 in 2014, and the mid-point of our range is 71.5. So, within that, it’s a continuation of the same things that we’ve been doing and executing on over the last couple of years, which is taking high single-digits of cost out of the system every year relative to standard cost. It obviously offsets the pricing impact that we have. And then we have other efforts in OCOGs around period expenses and excess and obsolete charges to really accelerate the gross margin improvement. So, it’s been a big part of our story, and I would look for it to continue to be a big part of our margin expansion story going forward.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Mike. Thanks for the question. So, clearly as we look at ’14 -- 2014, the $379 million is higher than we wanted to it be, so we’re redoubling our efforts on SG&A in ’15. I’d probably look at three key reasons and three key drivers that we’re looking at for ’15. You’ll have better leverage in the adjacencies as sales continue to ramp at a lower operating cost. You think of LOTUS, you think of a U.S. rollout of WATCHMAN. So, overall structural heart just gets better in terms of a leverage perspective. We are doing some things around challenging our global team to really focus on reducing spending with a variety of new initiatives and programs. I’d say undergoing a cultural shift to focus more directly on spending, everything from travel to meetings to suppliers to royalties. No stone left unturned there and then a continuation of what we’ve done in the past which is, the G&A competitive benchmarking and making sure that all of our G&A functions have competitive benchmarks and time horizons to get to best in class against those benchmarks. There is a few others you think of leverage in the emerging markets, particularly in BRIC, reduced integration cost from prior acquisitions. So, there are other things, but I think those other three are really the key drivers that are going to get us down to that 37% in ’15.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Rick. No you didn’t miss it. We didn’t give specific number for S-ICD. We did in ’14 obviously with a lot of interest around the ramp and the uptake and now in ’15 and beyond we look at that really as part of our core business. Relative to your question on margins, I think I’d start with the growth of ’14 versus ’13 in each of our segment. So, Rhythm Management gets a lot of focus. But if you look at operating margin for each of three segments, the cardiovascular was up 220 basis points year-over-year, Rhythm Management was up 310, and MedSurg was up 120. So, yes Rhythm Management is a big piece of that, but all segments are contributing. Specific to Rhythm Management we knew what the profitability was of the S-ICD heading into 2014 obviously and we have other programs and other actions and initiatives in place to ensure that we hit our target. So nothing really surprised us relative to that. We knew what we had heading into ’14. We know what we have now heading into ’15 until we launch EMBLEM by the end of the year in the U.S. and Europe. So, its all part of the overall well documented and executed plan within Rhythm Management to continue to drive margins back to the low-20s.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Bob, this is Dan. I’ll take that one. Relative to the J&J litigation, I think it’s where we were at the end of the closing comments in the end of January. With the judge we like our set of facts, and then are looking forward to a favorable resolution in that -- in his words shortly we’ll see what that means relative to timing. With respect to mesh, we continue to try cases in mesh. So, I don’t think there’s anything necessarily to look for there. All the reserves that we have relative to all of our litigation are included in the $972 million that I referenced in my prepared remarks.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Bob. No, it’s not necessarily pricing trends, because they have been consistent through ’14, and I don’t think we see those changing in ’15. I think as you look at ’15, we’re talking more about the backend for sequential improvements relative to Rhythm Management. I think in the first half, you’d see it be more flat to where we have been. And then the benefits of EMBLEM and the INGENIO 2, ACCOLADE will really start to kick-in in the second half. So, again I just want to make sure that folks look at broader windows than just 90 day windows. And we feel very good at where we are as we exit ’14, and we would look for, as we exit ’15 to be in the same spot, but I’d just look more to the back half of ’15 for more incremental gains in Rhythm Management operating margins.
Keith Dawkins: Yes, Rick. So we are encouraged by the recruitment rates in the respond post market study in Europe which is a 1000 patient study and has the three valve sizes, 23, 25, 27, and at least a third of the patients, so the newest size was 25. And the first 250 of those patients will be presented at PCR in Paris in May. We also have a next-generation delivery system which is being tested and has performed very well, and the data from that will be presented at PCR as well. And as Mike says, REPRISE III is on track. The pivotal trial should complete by the end of the year. That of course had three valve sizes. And then the 21 and the 29 millimeter valve and a new sheath they’re in development. And finally, we’re very encouraged by the sale of the Safari wire, which is a dedicated TAVR wire which is being used not only for LOTUS implants, but also for competitive bowl implant.
Keith Dawkins: Sure, Bruce. I mean, we can't release full details of the protocol right now, but we’re having a great protocol with the agency. And we think, there were lots confounders as you know in the simplicity trial. And we feel we should pullout some of the obvious one in relation to patient compliance, manipulation of medication, the length of the primary endpoint and stability of the patient, as well as highlighting the performance of what we think is differentiated products. We remain very confident about renal denervation with Vessix not only for hypertension, but we have trials ongoing, investigator sponsored trials with other applications. And so, we think this will be a very important scientific study not just for Boston Scientific investors but actually for the field to justify the role of renal denervation in the treatment of difficult hypertension.
Keith Dawkins: I would just add Bruce that, we’ve got to a very good position in a very short time with the REPRISE program, and I would encourage you to look at the independent Weber [ph] data that we released shortly in Europe to identify the Boston Scientific LOTUS position in Europe. We’d obviously give more granularity about the structural heart side at our New York Investor Day later this year. And finally of course the REPRISE III trial in the U.S, the pivotal trial is in fact incorporating two partner trials in one. So, we’re looking at extreme risk and severe risk, and so, we’ll catch up again. So we think considering we were later into the market we’re in good shape.
