Michael F. Mahoney: Thanks, Dave. Good morning. Just broadly on interventional cardiology and then I'll touch on endo. We've discussed at a few different Investor Days, and Kevin Ballinger, just our overall goal of continuing to diversify and strengthen in the faster growth markets in the Interventional Cardiology business. We've already seen the benefit of that with our DES business continuing to grow faster than market despite very difficult comps, the broadening and further impact of our complex coronary IVUS and FFR business. And then the third leg of the stool there in cardiology is our Structural Heart, where we remain on track to deliver the $250 million this year, really fueled by WATCHMAN, given the impact of the LOTUS recall. And we look forward to getting that product back in the market. So really that stronger balance of businesses within that Cardiology business are leading us to markets that we view in a combined basis are quite healthy, and we're growing faster than the market across those areas. So we do have some tough comps coming up with DES for the remainder of the year, but we continue to believe the competitive positioning in DES is really a strength of us, given some of the challenges we're seeing with others in the marketplace. And we expect to continue to grow there while growing WATCHMAN, our complex bag as well as getting LOTUS back on the market. And we're excited to close the Symetis deal hopefully in June. On Endo, that business continues to really deliver excellent performance. You'll be excited to see at the Investor Day the strategy to broaden that business out into exciting new adjacencies going forward. But, again, a strong growth market. We're taking share, led by SpyGlass. The EndoChoice acquisition is working well, moving us into pathology. Strong growth in the emerging markets. And really again just a strong cadence of products with our Resolution hemostasis capabilities, as well as our EUS Endoscopic Ultrasound. So the portfolio and expansion into global markets continues to fuel our Endo business.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. Good morning, Mike. Yeah, so we've taken up the full-year sales revenue guidance, as you know, 6% to 7%. So we pulled up the lower end there based on the strength of second quarter. Broadly across the company, we face 10% growth comp headwinds really for the next four quarters coming up, second quarter through first quarter 2018. But despite that, especially in Endo and Uro and across the board, one, first of all, these are strong markets, Endo and Uro, that are healthy. We have an excellent cadence of product launches, global expansion and acquisitions that are working quite well. When you look at our Urology business, the acquisition of AMS has gone extremely well. We're ahead of our synergy plan. The standalone AMS business legacy business is growing about 8%, so much faster than it was as a standalone basis. And really what's really disruptive in our Urology business is our disposable scope platform. So we're seeing strong uptake with that. We're continuing to launch that globally and it pulls through our stone business. Another big key growth driver for us in Urology is we've been underweight in the international markets historically. So we've been disproportionally investing in those markets. And that's really bearing lot of fruit. So we see continued momentum with our Uro business. We do have some tougher comps, but we expect to continue to grow faster than market. And it's kind of the same story rewound in Endo. Good growth market. We do have some difficult comps, but our portfolio cadence is a quite strong. And, again, this business we're investing quite a bit in the emerging markets and it's paying off for us. So despite the tough comps, we expect to continue to grow faster than market in both those divisions.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, so I'll make a comment and then I'll let Ian jump in. So the good news for us is our team in Europe – our TAVR team isn't on their hands in terms of the commercial team. They're helping out with WATCHMAN, they're helping out Cardiology. And hopefully if we close early second quarter here for Symetis, they'll begin selling that platform potentially in June, or June or July. So, we'll be back in the market in TAVR valves in Europe and then we'll follow that on with LOTUS starting in the fourth quarter. So pretty soon we'll be back in the game in TAVR. And I think, Ian, I'll turn it over to you in terms of what you see as the mix there.
Michael F. Mahoney: Thanks, Rick. And I'll have Dr. Stein comment on HRS. But just a couple of comments on CRM. Really proud of the team there. Continued another quarter of above-market growth globally, plus 8% in a challenging market. And really encouraged by a couple of points. One, is our Brady platform continues to do extremely well. Based on the quality of that product, the deliverability, the quality of the lead. So excellent job in Brady. Defib continues to gain share. And really we're seeing a strong uptake continuing, especially in the international markets, with S-ICD, particularly in Japan. Excellent growth there. And we launched a new product called our RESONATE in Europe that is an excellent product that helps with the multipoint pacing capability, the extended battery longevity. And also on top of that, what is a great proof point, and we talk about healthcare economics and so forth, the NICE recommendation that came out in the UK that really proves out the exceptional longevity benefits that we have in our ICD, CRT-D platforms, the cost savings that delivers and the patient impact supported by nine separate independent publications really shows the true economic benefit and the value of our CRM products. And I think that data is well respected and making its way around the world, which is helping us. Dr. Stein, if you want to comment a bit on what's coming at HRS.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. We're certainly pleased with our performance for the last few years. And besides the top line, as we've noted multiple times, the continued opportunity to improve margins faster than our peers to combine it with the top-line growth. So we're pleased with the 6% to 7% guidance for the full year. It's faster than market and it does reflect the reality that we do have 10% growth comp headwinds for the next four quarters. So I think that's a prudent and reasonable guidance range to give, given that comparison headwind. We do have some particular anniversary of some tough comps, particularly with SYNERGY, which will be 12% comps in 2016. So really that the bigger challenge is comps, and some comps with Interventional Cardiology. Plus, we're off the market in LOTUS until fourth quarter, so that's a bit of a headwind for us. But despite that, we're pleased with the 6% to 7% guidance. And then moving forward, we have an Investor Day coming up in June. And I think you'll like that event. You'll see a strategy and a pipeline that will continue to drive revenue growth over the LRP time period faster than our peer group and OI improvement faster than the peer group. And so I think you'll be really comfortable with the strength of Boston Scientific over that LRP program. And consistent with the past, we continue to beat those LRP commitments we've done historically.
Michael F. Mahoney: Absolutely. So in Peripheral, we had a strong quarter overall at 7% growth. We had tough comp at 14% growth comp comparison for last year, but again grew at 7%. Stronger, as you pointed out, in the international markets, where we have our Ranger Balloon as well as the ELUVIA Stents, which is really providing some significant differentiation for us in capabilities there. You saw the Ranger data just came out that we referenced. In terms of approval times for Ranger, we just enrolling that clinical trial just this quarter. And so we'll likely have FDA approval in 2020/2021, so depends on the enrolment speed. In terms of ELUVIA, we expect that ideally the back half of 2019 or 2020.
Michael F. Mahoney: Thank you. Yeah. So we had a quarter that was quite strong. I would say, what surprised us, one, is that the performance of the MedSurg business was very strong. And that was, quite frankly, up more than we thought, given the strength of Neuromod business, Uro and Endo contributing 12% organic growth. So that that was a bit of a surprise to us, especially coming off what was a 11% comp for the whole sector first quarter 2016. So just terrific execution across all three of those businesses and global expansion. So that was a bit of a surprise. The other one was we knew CRM and Rhythm Management was going to do well, but we weren't planned on them doing an 8%. So, kudos to that team. They just delivered excellent results. And they deserve to, because they have the best battery longevity and an excellent product. So that was a surprise for us to the positive. And we're also really pleased with – very excited about the future with the Symetis acquisition in combination with LOTUS. And coming out of a meeting in California this week with a bunch of cardiologists, there is lot of enthusiasm for the unique capability of Symetis and LOTUS combined, and how to help treat patients and also to serve customers. So very bullish on that. In terms of going forward, given the strong outlook that we provided, 6% to 7% for the full year, which is stronger than market, we'll clearly provide 2018 guidance in the future. And as I mentioned before, I think what you'll see at Investor Day is a company with a very clear strategy, with a deep pipeline that will continue to grow faster than market in our LRP period. And we've got a lot of room to improve margins, as you know, and deliver the EPS growth. So you'll see that Investor Day. And we'll continue to deliver on those three elements of our plan.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, so we've clearly doubled down in TAVR given the strength of that market, the uniqueness of our products and the commercial capabilities that we have. So that's the bet that we've made is doubling down in what we think will be a $4 billion to $5 billion market in 2020. And we're clearly doubled down with our WATCHMAN platform. You're going to see more, not only the clinical trials that Ken outlined, but also more direct-to-patient marketing to continue to expand that marketplace. We also, on the mitral and tricuspid area, we do have multiple minority equity bets in multiple companies. Quite frankly, we see that mitral opportunity as exciting, but much slower to develop versus the TAVR market, and a business that's likely more segmented out in terms of the number of devices to be acquired. So we like the market. We're going to continue to invest in it with our VC bets. But the primary focus is on TAVR and WATCHMAN. Also trying to clarify on the PI side on the ELUVIA, we estimate that the FDA approval to be second half of 2019, potentially first quarter of 2020, but we estimate second half of 2019. And our Ranger, we haven't given any timing yet. We just started enrolling this quarter.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. David. And on your Q2 gross margin question, it's really pretty straight forward. Q1 gross margin was 70.6%. And at the midpoint of Q2 guidance, we'd be at 72.5%. The delta there is 190 basis points. And really the elimination of the LOTUS and FUSE charges of 180 basis points gets you right to the midpoint of where we should be in Q2. So, saw good operational improvements in Q1 that those should continue in Q2 and feel good about the guidance for Q2 in gross margin.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. So on operating margin in Q1, it's 190 basis points for the LOTUS and FUSE charges. And then you just basically divide that by four for the full year, so it's 45 basis points on the full year.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Rick. Yeah, and I think you've delineated some of the reasons in Q1. I think the reason for the dissatisfaction is we missed the range. The range was 35% to 36%. We hit 36.1%. That doesn't add up to success from my perspective for that number in the quarter. Now, the reasons are there. We're obviously happy to invest in USB brain stimulation. We needed to pay the extra commissions, all the factors that are there. And that number should come down over the rest of the year with the programs that we have in place. But the dissatisfaction comment is really just for the fact that, in the quarter, I would have liked to have rather seen that at the midpoint and it ended up a tick above the high end of the range.
Daniel J. Brennan: It does not include Symetis. We wouldn't include that until the acquisition actually closes in Q2. So look for that to be post-close.
Daniel J. Brennan: No, Vijay. I think Mike covered that pretty well relative to the comps. So you think of Q1 we had an 8% comp for the total company, Q2 we have 10%, so that's 200 basis points right there. And then specific to some Q2 anniversarying launches from last year, the SYNERGY launch in U.S. branch in Japan was Q1 really last year. And then the CRM product launches in Quad and MRI-safe Brady were Q2 early and late. And then we also we had the Uro pelvic health share gains from a competitor exiting the market in Q2. So really happy to be taking share there, and it's a very nice boost to the overall Urology business, but we anniversary that as well. So I think it stacks up pretty well overall when you look at that guidance for Q2 and for the full year. But it really is a story of comps. And I think we still have good momentum in the business.
Ian Meredith, M.D., Ph.D.: Thanks, Mike. And good morning, Michael. I think that we'll see that the dedicated LOTUS users will quickly take up using LOTUS once again when it's available back in Europe because of its complete repositionability and safety. So, I suspect that the mix will vary from site to site depending on the patient populations and physician preferences. But it is likely that it'll be a 50/50 mix, but it will vary from site to site.
Ian Meredith, M.D., Ph.D.: Thank you. It's a very good question. Obviously, we can't comment on the data release prior to presentation at EuroPCR. And that presentation, of course, will take place at 12:30 on the 16th of May. We sincerely hope that you tune in for that. I think it's fair to comment on the trial, that it is the largest global randomized trial head-to-head platform of two TAVR devices with all the bells and whistles of a high-quality trial. So joint comparisons with other studies is probably not that wise. And I think we should wait for the data to fully understand what this dataset will mean. I think we could comment on what we expect the pacemaker rate to be. As you know from previous trials, we have observed a higher pacemaker rate, and one would expect that this trial having been completed in December 2015, when you follow up to December 2016. Before we were fully aware of all of the drivers that determined pacemaker rate, one would expect that the pacemaker rate would be in some ways comparable to what we've seen previously. Then with respect to all of the other variables, I think we have to actually weigh this trial on its merits, given that this is a large head-to-head comparison randomized on an even playing field.
Ian Meredith, M.D., Ph.D.: Thanks, Mike. So we have a plan to discuss some of the FDA coming up. It is inappropriate to foreshadow what the FDA will actually require. But one suspects that there will be a small Pinnacle study required to confirm that the Pinnacle issue has been resolved. But it's unlikely that that study will be substantial.
Kenneth Stein: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. And, Rick, thanks for the question. A couple of data releases that I want to highlight for HRS. First, two late-breaking trial presentations. One is the first readout on data from our S-ICD post-approval study in the U.S. So that was an FDA-mandated trial of over 1,600 patients implanted with this system, post-commercialization. And we'll be presenting the acute safety data as well as a good look at the demographics of who is actually getting the device in the U.S. and their acute outcomes. And then in addition, a WATCHMAN late-breaker which presents the one-year follow-up results of our EVOLUTION trial, which is large 1,000-patient prospective registry of WATCHMAN implantation in Europe. And I'd be remiss if I didn't also point out that we have a follow-on WATCHMAN late-breaker to that at EuroPCR, which focuses specifically on the warfarin contraindicated patients in that cohort. And that may be very helpful as you look towards what we think we're going to see in our randomized ACEP II trial. The only other things that I'd point out a large number of abstracts from our EP group, looking at some of the newer technologies that we're evaluating for our ablation catheters and with RHYTHMIA and two more abstracts on our upcoming leadless pacemaker looking specifically at how it works in concert with the S-ICD.
Kenneth Stein: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. I think I'd just reiterate what Mike said. We are on track according to that timeline that Mike gave you in terms of when we're anticipating approval. Obviously, we can't comment on when we think the competitor is going to get through their regulatory issues and get their approval. Certainly on the pacing side, we've seen a very big impact and a very positive impact from our MRI labeling with the INGEVITY device there. One of the thing that's unique about our regulatory strategy on the high-voltage devices is this backwards compatibility, where we expect once we get labeling that it would not only be for the new generation devices, as Mike mentioned, RESONATE, but for the vast majority of devices that are currently being implanted in the U.S. And I think as you look at what might happen once you get approval, it's important to recognize that already a good number of customers believe our backwards compatibility story and do believe that it is likely that, with approval, we'll have the backwards compatibility for the systems they're implanting today. We've been able to execute that strategy in Europe. We've executed that strategy in the U.S. with the EMBLEM S-ICD. So I think we have a lot of credibility when it comes to that.
Kenneth Stein: Yeah. I can take that, Mike, if you let me. So I think that there were sort of three different trials we highlighted here over the fall. I think probably the one that's the most interesting and the most direct to your question is the ASAP-TOO trial. And so ASAP-TOO is a large, global, multi-center randomized trial looking specifically at the use of WATCHMAN in patients who are currently off-label in the U.S. And that is those who are deemed by their physicians to be ineligible for even short-term use of warfarin, which is required on a U.S. label post-implant. We've started enrollment in the trial. I don't think we can go any further publicly at this point in terms of when we expect that enrollment to complete. It is an adaptive trial design and so there is really a lot of play around when that trial might complete its primary endpoint. In terms of the impact, really what that would do would be to bring our labeling in the U.S. to be consistent with our labeling in our CE Mark countries. So, our CE Mark labeling devices continues with both the warfarin-eligible and warfarin-ineligible patients. And, again, I can't get out ahead of the data, but I would point it to our EVOLUTION data releases coming up at HRS and at EuroPCR, where I think you can get a better look at the different characteristics of those two cohorts.
