Michael Mahoney: Sure, good morning, Mike. Yeah, we're very comfortable with our 5% to 6% full-year growth. We gave visibility to first quarter with 4% to 5%. As you said, we do have good momentum coming out of the company across the businesses with MedSurg delivering very well, WATCHMAN, PI, really across the board. We do have some headwinds in 2018 that we'll be facing. We do have some tough - difficult pacer comps. We have some more DES competition with some new entrants that we expect some trialing. We expect to maintain our share over the term, but we expect some trialing early on. We also see some one-time price cuts in Australia and Japan that have a bit more impact in 2018 and that will be neutralized in 2019. So overall, the business is performing very well. There are few headwinds and we're comfortable with the 5% to 6%. And gave you good line of sights and they are 4% to 5% for the quarter.
Michael Mahoney: Thanks, Mike. I'll talk to a little bit of WATCHMAN and then I'll have - then we'll also talk about Millipede. And so, on the WATCHMAN the teams are doing a terrific job. We continue to open up centers, on track. But more importantly, we're improving utilization of the product and the therapies. We're increasing awareness amongst the referring physicians. We're training more physicians. And we're also expanding globally into China, and we will launch into Japan in 2019. So I think the overall momentum is just excellent clinical outcomes, more physicians, training in the product as well as just increasing awareness. And our focus is on improving utilization rates at these large centers each quarter. So we're very, very bullish on the platform. And as you know, we've only had about 1% of the utilization rate at $250 million. So you will continue to see us invest aggressively there. Maybe Dr. Stein can make a comment on the clinical work with WATCHMAN, and then we'll touch on Millipede.
Michael Mahoney: And on the Millipede transaction, we like the structure where we organized it. I think you outlined it pretty well. We aim to purchase this company once they're complete with a - their second-gen fam [ph] if you call it or - likely by the end of this year. That maybe, Ian, you can touch on kind of a rationale for Millipede.
Michael Mahoney: Oh, we've definitely taken the NeoTract numbers out of our numbers. Just kidding you there. But on the WATCHMAN, I think overall, we aim to deliver against our commitments and we continue to do so. So we feel very bullish on the platform. We don't have as many new centers opening in the U.S. We penetrated that quite a bit. We saw a few new centers. And we have some major launches coming more so in 2019 in terms of U.S. - really, Japan. But we feel comfortable with that guidance number. And hopefully, we continue to do well, whether we'll be able to have opportunity to increase it as the year goes on.
Michael Mahoney: The only thing I'll comment on is on Symetis, as part of that. This - that business continues to increase. We've trained our clinical and our sales teams on it. So we expect some acceleration of Symetis in 2018. And the approval - that second generation platform, early third quarter will really be critical, because it already has a very low pacemaker rate, very, very quick to implant, and this will even reduce the PVL rate further and we have those two large clinical trials that we'll also report on. So I think you'll see strong momentum out of WATCHMAN and Symetis this year in 2018.
Michael Mahoney: Yeah, you summarized it. We've - on the venture portfolio, we have a number of investments that we like. And I think we've commented in the past, you'll likely see three or four potential acquisitions months within that venture portfolio.
Michael Mahoney: Yeah. That's the sequence that you laid out is the priority. One is, we had to finish the mesh pay down and tax, which we're doing this year. And then, we'll really have much more freedom as you look at second half of 2018 and then going forward once those are retired. We do have a pretty active M&A appetite. We have a venture portfolio that's pretty healthy, that we have some preferred rights to buy a number of those companies. So I think you'll see us be active with tuck-in acquisitions to strengthen our category leadership strategy. But to the extent that we don't find strategic deals that meet our financial criteria then we would look at share repurchase, more likely share repurchase, more likely in 2019 than 2018.
Michael Mahoney: Sure. We have a - the beauty of that portfolio, it's very diversified. So we have a number of important growth drivers. I won't hit all of them, but just a couple just to highlight. S-ICD continues to grow double-digit, and then we'll eventually get the modular pacemaker on S-ICD, Resonate is a new platform there. We touched on WATCHMAN before, which is really a strong growth driver with great margins. Very bullish on ACURATE. We aim to bring Lotus to the market in 2019. Endo has a full suite of products, guys, I don't want to go through all of them, I think the strength of the company right now - and also, I'll just mention two big platforms, the spinal cord stim and DPS. So it's a very diversified company now. And each business has really some key platforms that are launching either this year or if the cadence actually gets stronger in 2019 and 2018. On DES, we continue to believe that SYNERGY based on zero stent thrombosis and its ease of use is the best stent of the marketplace continue to grow that business, although very slowly, but we grow it in Europe. In Europe it seem - faced more competitors than the U.S. We expect some headwinds in the U.S., we think more temporarily as physicians may try the DES platform. But importantly, for our coronary business, the other business that surrounds DES is our complex PCI business and that business is growing 10% last year. And it's 80% the size of DES. So I think you'll see maybe by the end of 2018 or 2019, those businesses especially the same size. So we expect, really, any softness in DES will be tempered by the growth in our Complex PCI business, where we continue to launch new platforms. So I think we will see some - likely some headwinds with some trialing, but that will be buffered with Complex PCI, then we're confident based on what we've seen Europe, doctors will stay with synergy.
Michael Mahoney: No, I think the message is that the range is 7% to 10%. Within that 7% to 10%, the goal is to offset that $0.02 to $0.03 negative FX as we've done in the past few years, offsetting the FX impact. But I don't point to one number more likely than the other. The range is 7% to 10%.
Michael Mahoney: Yeah, so I think you're kind of using the midpoint of this year and saying there's 240 left at the end of this year to get to that 28 by 2020, which I think is fair. Certainly, leveraging our Lotus launch, as Mike said, that's goal in 2019 in the US. Leveraging that will be helpful because we have a certain amount of commercial infrastructure that's in place, ready to go there. So leveraging that would be helpful. But then, the rest of the P&L and just the - if you look at the ranges for revenue, we talk about 5 to 6 this year. We've talked about 5 to 8 for 2019 and 2020 as we have a good launch year, this year in 2018. But we are setup for 2019 and 2020 to be even better product launch year. So I think there is a natural opportunity for a topline leverage in 2019 and 2020, plus the continued focus that we have on SG&A, and then the FX relents a little bit in 2019 and 2020. So you should see better gross margin and less of a drag from an EPS perspective. So I think the - if you look at the 50 to 75 this year and then, say, we need 240 to get to that 28 by 2020, I think the pieces are in place to get there.
Michael Mahoney: Yes, we think this platform serves, clearly as a repair device immediately. Then potentially replacement as well as tricuspids. So we think that's the unique benefit of this platform.
Michael Mahoney: Yeah, we don't break that out for you. But as you might expect, early on, a few years ago it was new centers that were opening up. But now, call it 80/20 practically, just roughly.
Michael Mahoney: Much more so on utilization of increased utilization of same-store. I shouldn't say same-store, utilization of our facilities that are open and less on new openings.
