Susan Vissers Lisa: Thanks, Dan. David, let's open it up to questions for the next 25 minutes or so. In order to enable us to take as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. David, please go ahead.
Susan Vissers Lisa: Larry, we'll hit that in a sec, but we're going back to the emerging markets revenue question first with Dan.
Susan Vissers Lisa: Thank you. With that, we'd like to conclude the call. Thank you very much for joining us today, we sincerely appreciate your interest in Boston Scientific. Before you disconnect, David will give you all the details for the replay.
Michael F. Mahoney: Thanks. Good morning, David. Yes, the guidance 4% to 7% is higher than we showed at the recent Investor Day meeting. In terms of getting to the higher end of the range, we certainly have to have some good results on our product launches with SYNERGY, WATCHMAN, ongoing advancements of Lotus. We have key product approvals that we're expecting the first half, those need to come through. We also are launching a number of key products in Japan with SYNERGY and also S-ICD. So we need some strong execution there and continued emerging market growth. So it's – we've got a lot of product launches, a number of approvals needed. So to deliver the top-end of that we have to have excellent commercial execution and great execution on the regulatory side. Potentially on some of the downside, we continue to manage, as I mentioned, some of the CRM headwinds, which we anticipate will – after Q1 improve in second quarter and then improve dramatically in the second half of the year.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sorry. The jetlag from Asia. We'll hold the Uro comments for later I guess. So on CRM, we do anticipate improvement clearly in 2016, as I mentioned, particularly in the second half. We anticipate the launch of the – the approval of the pacer MRI and the Quad in second quarter and we'll also have favorable comps in second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter. So we do see a strengthening CRM business in 2016.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, overall, we're obviously very proud of our success in 2015 with WATCHMAN, in Structural Heart overall we delivered the high-end of the range there, we opened up 100 accounts. We're going to hear the NCD decision very shortly here. But, overall, we continue to expect guidance is 2016 of $175 million to $200 million. And our job will be to continue to focus on the penetration rate. With 15 million or so eligible patients, we'll continue to drive training programs, excellent outcomes, and – but for now, we'll continue with our $175 million to $200 million range, and we'll see what happens over the next few days on the reimbursement.
Michael F. Mahoney: We didn't give a – we guided $75 million to $100 million, and we beat the high end of the range. We didn't give a specific number.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yep. We're very pleased with the results. It's really tracking to our plan. In the fourth quarter, we did see U.S. DES growth in the mid-single-digit range and that was against about a 10% comparison from fourth quarter 2015, so we delivered a nice number in the first quarter. And just as you said, we are asking and we believe we deserve a pricing premium for the product. It's the only bioabsorbable product in the marketplace with excellent stent thrombosis rates and we also have a tiered offering that has excellent market share as well. So, we think we're uniquely positioned with it. And the great news is we're launching in Japan as we speak, which is obviously a big market, and we also received reimbursement in France. So, we're really positioned well. We're being very careful with the launch of it and similar to our comments at your meeting, we anticipate about 50% of our mix in the U.S. and Japan by the end of the year.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. I'm really proud of our CRM business. We clearly want to grow faster, but we're in a position now where we can see as we go forward in 2016 and 2017 and beyond, really the strength of the portfolio and I'll give answers to your specific MRI questions in a second here, but we've got these product launches coming second half of 2016. The S-ICD is really gaining excellent momentum globally, we're expanding that and we're going to be moving beyond the replacement cycle headwind. In terms of the product launches, we feel comfortable with a second quarter launch of both the Quad system and MRI pacer. The MRI pacer likely slipped a little bit out of first quarter into second quarter. We'll also have EMBLEM MRI approval likely in the third quarter of 2016. So, big approvals in second quarter and third quarter. And then as we go forward with the ICD MRI capability, we'll start that trial very quickly here and we anticipate approval of that product likely in second quarter or third quarter of 2017. So, we've got a really strong cadence of product approvals coming, MRI capabilities. But I think what's most unique about our offering is this S-ICD momentum that we're seeing around the world. We just received approval in Japan. We have a 5% premium – reimbursement premium in Japan, continued strong acceptance of the product in training and a multi-year head start. So, as you look to our business going forward, this product cadence will come through, S-ICDs continuing to grow, and our replacement cycle headwind will reverse itself. So as you look forward to CRM, I really believe that you're going to see this business strengthen in the second half of 2016 and 2017 and 2018.
Michael F. Mahoney: I won't give a CRM answer on this one. So, I guess, I just wanted to talk about Urology because I like what we're doing here so much. So we – again, we had nice results in the fourth quarter, business growing 7% overall, really nice job, particularly in international markets as we continue invest in our stone business and training programs, that's growing very well, double-digits outside the U.S. consistently. And the AMS integration is on track. Thankfully, the teams did a really nice job in due diligence. We did project some softness the first six months post acquisition as we wanted to bleed down distributor inventory levels to appropriate levels and that's exactly what we're seeing. So, that's happening and we likely will see continued softness in Q1, but improving in terms of the legacy AMS business, and that's being offset by the BSC legacy business. As we go forward in the second quarter, we expect the legacy AMS business to grow much closer to the BSC overall growth rate and then we'll see additional benefit on top of that as we see synergies between the BPH portfolio, the stone portfolio, the ED portfolio and the incontinence portfolio overall. So, really we're right on track. We're going to deliver our EPS accretion commitment of $0.03 in 2016 and I think it's $0.07 in 2017. So, the integration's gone well. We've had exceptionally low turnover and it's being met very well by the customers.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. The team has done a really nice job. Jeff Mervis and the Peripheral group delivered 20% growth in legacy Bayer business and 10% organically overall, so, obviously very strong growth and a few quarters in a row here, and we're projected to set up really nicely in 2016. So, I think just a backdrop, the markets there are very healthy, we're seeing nice market growth in atherectomy. Our core business, we just launched a new DVT product and also clearly the growing acceptance of the drug coated technology. So the markets overall are strong, and we really have a unique position in terms of our portfolio. You've heard a lot about our drug-eluding stent ELUVIA, we'll be the only company with both a drug-eluding stent and a drug-eluding balloon in Europe, and we're also kicking off our ELUVIA IMPERIAL trial in the first half of 2016. So we're uniquely positioned in our DES. We're also launching a number of our core SFA metal stents in Japan and Asia and China which will help us grow that business, and we also continue to really expand globally. We've been – we were light weight in terms of the emerging markets in Peripheral five years ago and we put a lot of investment in there and we're starting to see that become more meaningful in places like China and Brazil. And lastly, we commented on the call about our CeleNova deal. Our Interventional Oncology maybe a little bit different than some competitors' Peripheral business, but that IO business is a strong grower for us and we like that CeleNova transaction, particularly for the emerging markets.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, we were a little bit slower in the second quarter. And we had nice pick up, really the pickup the second half of 2015 was good, but it was also more consistent with what we expected and did in 2014 quite frankly. And so it's really a continuation of, ex maybe a soft quarter, one soft quarter, the second quarter, kind of a continuation of what we've been doing in 2014 and what we expect to continue to do in 2016. So, we had some softness in Russia in the second quarter, we've seen that stabilize a bit, we have excellent growth in China, excellent growth in Brazil and a number of other countries. So, we continue to register new products, add commercial capabilities, we're building R&D capabilities, new education training centers. I just got back from there last night. So, we put a lot of time and effort in it. We just did a joint venture deal with Frankenman there in our Endo business. So, we feel comfortable about our prospects in the mid-teens rate in emerging markets.
Michael F. Mahoney: And Neuromod continues to perform well. We grew 7% in the quarter. We grew 8% full year and we had consistently strong growth throughout the year and we really don't see that – we anticipate that trend to continue. Spectra continues to perform very well. The launch of Novi outside the U.S. is picking up. And we are getting a lot of – we are building momentum in international markets in deep brain stimulation and will hopefully get some good luck and get that clinical trial enrolled in 2016 to position that launch. So it's a very healthy market right now and there is a lot of patient demand and so we like to see that that market is clearly growing in the mid-single digit range, if not a bit more. So it's a growing market. We have some unique innovation and it's a bit more competitive, but it hasn't slowed down our performance.
Daniel J. Brennan: Thanks, Rick. Yeah, I think the way I would say – characterize that is on the Q3 call, we had talked about kind of being in that 17% range for the back half of 2015. The variances were a piece of it. We also had a little bit higher R&D, about 60 basis points in the quarter. That's timing, that's just going to come one quarter to another, so that doesn't concern me. The manufacturing and the inventory reserve charges are really in anticipation of the launches that Mike just mentioned around the MRI safe Brady and the Quad launch in the U.S. So those are kind of out of the way now at this point as opposed to having had to take those in different quarters. So I think, the way I would think of it is, the 13.9% in Q4, I'd expect a little bit of sequential improvement in Q1, not a tremendous amount, just a little bit. Q2 gets a little bit better than that and really the back half is where it accelerates to get to that overall 18% for the year. So, I wouldn't look for Q1 to be in that 18% range or Q2, but I think the net of the year, we're very comfortable with that 18%.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. I think overall, and then as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we did have 80 basis points of the fixed asset write-offs and the litigation fees. So, I wouldn't call that kind of investing for the future. So if you take that off, I'd say, again, as we mentioned, very proud of where we ended for the year and the overall improvement we've had over the past two years. If you take 2016 and 2015 together, you'd be looking at almost 400 basis points of operating margin expansion. So in a given quarter, you'll see fluctuations, but the overall trend is extremely positive.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, David. This is Dan. In terms of price, as you heard, we mentioned it's about 100 basis point drag on gross margin, so you can kind of back into to what that is. Obviously we don't make assumptions about significant improvements in the pricing environment or significant deteriorations in that. It's contemplated within the range. But as we – as we look at it, it feels stable, so the product lines that have historically declined, are continuing to decline at that historical rate, they haven't moved significantly, and likewise, the ones where prices stay flat and in some cases increase, have stayed pretty constant and stable. So, over the past 12 months to 18 months, it's felt relatively stable and the guidance for 2016 assumes as that through the year.
Daniel J. Brennan: Mix – in general for us mix is a good guy. So as we as we sell more of the newer technologies, a lot of which Mike went through that list. The majority of those are accretive to overall Boston Scientific margins, gross margins.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Brooks. So, yeah, just in terms of the leverage levels, that's get – to get back to about a 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. We remain on track to do that as we had announced in conjunction with the AMS acquisition by the end of this year. We did the debt pay down that we needed to do at the end of 2015, and have in our cash flow projections in 2016 to do the remainder to get to that level. So feel very comfortable there. Relative to valuations and M&A, so we're still very active in the market relative to tuck-in M&A. Obviously, screen a lot of different opportunities. I wouldn't say I've seen significant changes in valuation expectations across the landscape, it would depend on what division and what stage you're talking about. But, in general, the valuations have stayed fairly constant and we are actively in the market obviously looking for tuck-in deals. And that is part of our cash flow projection for 2016 as well to be able to do some tuck-in deals.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, just one other thing, Larry, on that. So one of the other items with respect to emerging markets is just the foreign currency exchange rates. So if you look back at Q4 and think of our $1.978 billion that we reported again, that included a $25 million negative headwind from FX compared to what we had talked about when we gave guidance. So kind of adjusted for that we would have been over $2 billion and kind of closer to the higher end of the range and emerging markets obviously is a big piece of that.
