Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, Mike, let me go back and clarify. So we did $500 million in the first quarter, and we're guiding to a range that's higher than that, so I'm not sure what...
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, I think we came into the year, David, kind of knowing that with Medtronic, Integra, RESOLUTE coming into the market, it was going to be a quarter or 2 where we would have some disruption in terms of share. And I think that's happening earlier than we anticipated. We originally anticipated that to hit the market in the second quarter. So we're going through kind of that air pocket, so to speak, earlier. That'll probably kind of take us the next couple of quarters to kind of see where all the share shakes out. But ultimately, look at the back half of the year. We feel pretty good about our product and its attributes and think we can kind of be in a good position from a share perspective. But we'll have to see how that plays out.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, that's a multipronged question because Cameron in and of itself, given its start-up nature, smaller company procuring components on its own, doesn't have the leverage that we have. So when their product comes out, the margins will not be at our corporate margins. However, I think as Mike clearly laid out, we think this would benefit, not only with that product but follow-on sales as well. So there's not only kind of the impact of getting their margins up higher, which we plan to do, and they have successive product generations in their pipeline to do that to address their gross margins, but we think we're going to get into incremental accounts we're not in today and get follow-on business. That will come at our variable margins, which will be accretive to our overall margins. So there'll be a mix issue. Net-net, that's going to be a pretty good deal for us. We're pretty excited about it.
Jeffrey D. Capello: I think we've been very clear from the beginning that we're very excited about Asthmatx. And Hank, in his script, laid out some of the positive reimbursement milestones. We expect those to accelerate as we go through this year, to pick up steam. I'm not going to be able to share with you an explicit dollar amount at this point in time, but we continue to believe that, that technology, in and of itself, has the capability in 2013 to nosebleed move the top line of the company. It's one of 7 technologies we have coming out in the next 2 years which we think can kind of move the top line of the company.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Okay, Larry, so let me go through each of the pieces. The first piece is PROMUS Element. So very we're very encouraged by 6-month earlier-than-expected approval in the U.S., full quarter earlier approval in Japan and a full year earlier in Canada. So that $200 million that we feel very good about. I think I said last quarter that we thought 2/3 of it would fall in 2012. I think that's probably a pretty good estimate, with the other 1/3 following in 2013. The next category is manufacturing VIPs, which is our plan to take out 5% of standard costs every year. That's on track. We have a world-class manufacturing group, and so we continue to do very well there. So that's $200 million spread over the 5 years pretty equally, and we're on track with that, and that will happen every year, the $40 million of that. Net corporate SG&A, we had $100 million to $200 million of savings in the $650 million to $750 million, as you'll recall. We announced a restructuring plan to take out $225 million to $275 million of costs in the second quarter of last year. So we actually have a plan to kind of exceed that by $25 million to $75 million. That's going well. I suspect we may even come up with incremental costs on top of that, that we can take out as we continue to kind of work on our cost structure. So we feel very good about that. Not much of that really benefits this year. Most of that benefits '13 and '14. So that's benefit ahead of us, which is good news. Project transformation is running the R&D function more efficiently. There's about a $200 million savings as we grow the top line of the company. We're on track for that. That's a multiyear approach, more '13 and '14 and '15. And then the last component is the Plant Network Optimization, and there we had a plan to save $100 million of costs, all hitting the gross margin line. We closed the last of the plants, the largest plant in Miami, at the end of the fourth quarter of last year. So those savings -- a lot of those -- some of the savings are already kind of occurred in 2011. There's a big chunk in 2012 and there's a small tail that happens in '13. And then, of course, we have the med tech tax going the other direction, and unfortunately that looks like it'll probably continue to be a challenge for us all unless something different happens. But we'll plan as though we have to work our way through it.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So I'll do both because I think it's important for people to understand that -- just to reiterate what happened to the market as we look at the defib market last year, and the real air pocket happened relative to the market in kind of the back half of last year, Q3, Q4 where the market was down kind of the mid-teens. So as we look at our business, we've seen stabilization from a market perspective now for 2 quarters, almost 7 or 8 months in a row now, which is great news. What we expect to have happen is as the market stabilizes and we reach easier comparables with the back half of '12 compared to the back half of '11, we think that the market will kind of be down kind of mid-single digits to low single digits on a dollar basis and we think we can actually be flat to slightly positive on that on the benefit of taking some share with our new project in line.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, I think it's a good comment, and it's something that, I think, the whole -- looking at competitors' reactions and their commentary, they seemed to experience the same thing. So clearly, I think, what's happening is hospitals are being run differently from a working capital perspective, and they're not nearly as interested in carrying inventory they don't have to carry. And that has an impact on those that bulk or ship inventory at the end of the quarter. So that definitely has an impact. We have seen a decline in our bulk sales the last 2 or 3 quarters. It's had an impact on our growth. However, I will point out, though, that we have a fairly conservative approach where anything over a 30-day supply we defer from an accounting perspective, we don't count as revenue. That's not the same for the competitors. So when you're talking bulking and you're talking across the sector, you have to be very careful in terms of what's actually shipped versus what's recognized from a revenue perspective. But clearly, the customer group, it seems to be moving away from that concept, which is fine for us because we don't bulk a lot to start with, but we have seen less bulk sales in the past couple of quarters.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Bruce, this is Jeff. Because the transaction hasn't closed, we're going to stay away from any more further detail relative to the transaction. But we certainly would be more than willing to kind of answer those questions after the transaction closes.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, Raj, this is Jeff. So we exited last year encouraged that pricing in the DES space in the U.S. was down mid-single digits versus down upper single digits, but it was kind of too early to kind of call the pricing dynamic. So we entered the year with the assumption that price was still kind of the upper single-digit compression for the DES business in the U.S. We saw a better performance, once again, in the first quarter, which is very encouraging. And we hope that, that would continue going forward. So that is encouraging. I would say pricing outside the U.S. was relatively unchanged in the DES world, kind of upper single-digit compression. And then pricing within the CRM market was pretty consistent with what it was in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, that's a good question, Raj. It's important for people to understand those are gross numbers. Those are gross savings. And against that, we have kind of our planned investments relative to the emerging markets and new technologies and the acquisitions we've done. But to be clear, our expectation as of the Investor Day and as it stands today is to expand operating margins and to grow EPS of the company double digits, and we feel with this strong lineup of cost-saving opportunities, we have the capability to do that.
Keith D. Dawkins: Just add to that even with a limited launch, which will be limited to certain accounts, we will have the full matrix of Synergy products, both in terms of length and diameter of stent. And that will then be followed by a formal investigation of a short DAT regimen 3 months against 12 months in a very large trial.
Keith D. Dawkins: Yes. So REPRISE I, that's the feasibility trial we'll complete tomorrow. And the result of the 23-millimeter valve used in that trial will be reported at EuroPCR next month. REPRISE II, which is the CE Mark trial, will commence in Q3 this year. And we'll be investigating the 23- and 27-millimeter valves using the transfemoral approach in 4 countries: Australia, U.K., France and Germany. That will lead to CE Mark in the second half of 2013.
Keith D. Dawkins: Well, I mean, obviously, Bruce, we don't have the FAME II data yet. My personal feeling is that the pendulum has swung too far, seeing recently some cases where there's sort of 99% lesion and people measuring FFR on the assumption that they need another test to justify the treatment. It's always difficult to predict volumes and hit rates in different geographies. I think the FFR pendulum will swing back, and I think volumes will pick up, but it's very difficult to predict that. And it certainly is different in the U.S. compared with Europe and other markets. Clearly, we are emphasizing a lot of our growth opportunity in India, China and Brazil in markets that previously we've underpenetrated, where PCI volumes and PCI growth is in double digits.
William H. Kucheman: Yes, Mike Mahoney's been spending a lot of time focused on the CRM business. So Mike, I'm going to let you take that one.
William H. Kucheman: And, Rick, the only thing I would add to that is the appetite for our commercial team to get their hands on this product is high.
William H. Kucheman: And David, this is Hank. The other thing I would add to that, which I agree with entirely in terms of what Jeff just said, is don't underestimate the impact of the long stent, the 38s and 32s. Those are sizes that aren't available to all competitors. Now once we have those in our hands, I think that will enhance, as I said in my script, our share position.
William H. Kucheman: I don't know off the top of my head, and we can get it to you, Glenn, what percentage of the market the longs represent, but we'll follow up with you on that. And we're right in the middle of determining our pricing strategy for that, and I don't want to let the competition who's on the line know what we intend to do.
William H. Kucheman: We'd be more than happy to give you some of that detail. I think we're probably about a quarter away from uncovering that in more specifics, let's call it. So I'd say the next -- our earnings call we'll talk a bit more about specifically what that program is and some of the product features and benefits associated with.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. On the INGENIO launch, we're excited about that. It just got launched in Europe very recently, and this is our first pacer platform launch in about a decade. And this is really an important market for us given our low share position, as you said about 15%, and also the growth of the pacer business along with our investments in emerging markets. So as you know, it's about a $4 billion market, and we have a number of platform products that will continue to come out over the next 3 years. We'll be launching new pacer platform along with a new CRT platform, CRTP platform, and also incorporate remote patient monitoring. And also MRI compatibility will be available in Europe in the second half of 2012. And also we're looking for a U.S. launch later in the second quarter of 2012, when the MRI clinical trial will also take place. So this is a big market. It's our first meaningful launch, significant investment. And with the commercial capabilities that we have in Europe and in emerging markets in the U.S., we expect to take share in this market with the product.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, in Cameron -- that's a great question. We view the defib market today at about $6.5 billion. The team from Cameron has reported in their announcements that they believe the S-ICD, given its unique characteristics, can potentially address up to 40% of that market. And as you said, when you spoke with your EP physician, he believed it was 5% to 10%. The Cameron team would say it's up to 40%. So we believe that this will be clearly a $1 billion market opportunity for us because we believe it meets unmet patient needs with young patients, patients who have difficulty with their venous system, patients prone to infection. And also with the growing concerns of a lead reliability, which thankfully, as Hank articulated, we do have the most reliable lead in the business today. But having a solution that has a S-ICD platform that does not have the lead dropping into the heart, combined with our new platform, really positions us very strongly in the ICD marketplace. So the marketplace overall, we're calling, at minimum, a $1 billion market opportunity going forward.
Michael F. Mahoney: Glenn, it's Mike Mahoney. We have seen a increase over the past 30 to 60 days in the selling of our RELIANCE leads. So as we look -- we track our can [ph] sales as well as our lead sales, and over the past 45 days we have seen an uptick in our lead sales. One, based on the attributes and strength of the reliability and survivability of those leads, I think, given the public pressures of some of our competitors and the confidence that EP doctors have in our lead reliability. So we have seen an increase there and we continue to anticipate that lead performance will continue to grow in the second quarter. And combined on the heels of that, we'll continue the rollout of our new platform launches in the U.S. as we scale the operations up for that.
