Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Good morning, Mike. On the pacemaker, our team has been waiting for a long time for that product approval. We've had some slow quarters in our pacemaker business in the U.S. Outside the U.S. has done quite well with that product for a while, so that's not a stocking number. We were ready for that launch for quite a while. And the team, our commercial teams did an excellent job executing it. So we think it's a very innovative product and long in coming. And the U.S. team essentially did what the OUS teams have done with that product for a while. And Structural Heart, we continue to be really excited about the future for Structural Heart. It continues to be our largest investment area as a company. We're comfortable with the high end of our guidance that we provided at $175 million to $200 million. We continued to invest long-term in R&D capabilities, clinical capabilities and commercial capabilities to prepare ourselves for the launch in the U.S. And we're really excited about the upcoming data that we expect to see in London Valves on our pacemaker rate with the addition of Lotus Edge and depth guard. So it's really an important category for us. As you know we continue to – we outlined at Investor Day back in I think 2013 and 2015 our focus to continue to grow in our core businesses and take share, which we're doing, and importantly expand into faster growth markets. And that's exactly what you're seeing as a company. And our Structural Heart investment really is kind of leading the pack there.
Michael F. Mahoney: What's driving the high end of the range there is we're just -continue to open up new accounts. We continue to improve our account utilization. And we continue to build up our commercial capabilities in the U.S.
Michael F. Mahoney: Thanks, David. Yeah. We've definitely never forgotten about Endo. It's really an incredibly high-performing business and it has been for a number of years. And they really have just continued to grow and expand. So our Endo business enjoys a, first of all, a strong market; a bit fewer competitors in our Endoscopy markets than some of our others. It has very strong growth profile in terms of the market growth and OUS expansion. And we are a very strong category leader across the globe, and we continue to expand particularly in the emerging markets. The portfolio is really driving a lot of the launch, a lot of the success that you've seen in 2016, led by our SpyGlass digital DS platform, which is driving solid double-digit growth and helps pull through the core portfolio. We also launched a product called the AXIOS Stent which is doing very well, as well as a hemostasis clip. So the portfolio cadence for Endo is very strong. It's very well led. It's very globally oriented. And they also do a great job of laying out the economic value proposition for hospitals beyond the portfolio. So they continue to perform very well and intentionally somewhere in my comments with Mike in his first question, we're intentionally focusing on investing greater in faster growth markets and faster growth businesses. And they represent 40% of our operating income, the MedSurg sector does now for BSC, so more to come there. DES is doing excellent. And we had a few critics early on in our launch, saying we weren't being aggressive enough. We signaled all along that we're going to be – drive an appropriate premium price for this product because we believe it is the best product available in the marketplace and the data is proving that out. And maybe Keith can comment in a minute. So we believe it's the premium product. We do offer a premium price for it, and so we've been smart in our rollout of it. And I think physicians and customers have seen the value of the ease-of-use and the clinical data of SYNERGY. And we expect the U.S. penetration to be probably above 50%, closer to 50% to 60% in the U.S. in 2016, and we continue to roll it out globally. So the team's doing a nice job there. But again, it's part of the overall story in Interventional Cardiology. Again, pointing to faster growth segments, our DES doing well, a lot of investments in complex coronary and imaging, which are part of the portfolio, and clearly our Structural Heart. So Kevin Ballinger and the team are doing a nice job.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. Thank you. The team is outperforming as part of the high performance culture that we have as a company. We're very excited about the full-year guidance, 8% to 9%. As you said, it compares to 3% to 6% we laid out, so it's a pretty strong beat there, and strong momentum across really each region and each business. So, we're not going to provide any outlook into 2017. Clearly outperforming the market at this level is not likely sustainable each year. But that being said, we're constantly looking to outperform the market. We're investing in faster growth businesses, and we're very confident in our ability long-term to drive mid-single-digit revenue growth, improve margins and drive double-digit EPS growth.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. And I think also we'll do an Investor Day 2017. We haven't nailed down yet. But we're making significant investments in platforms and markets that will have a big impact on the growth rate of the business in 2018, 2019 and 2020. And so you look at our launch in the U.S. of TAVR, our launch in the U.S. in the future of a deep brain stimulation, launching – only one that will have a drug-eluting stent and a drug-coated balloon for peripheral vascular, and we continue to expand into pulmonary and other areas across the company. So we definitely are investing for long-term growth, and a lot of it is big clinical investments in R&D that will impact the company, particularly in 2018, 2019 and 2020.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, we'll likely be providing additional insights on our clinical strategy with our balloon at the next quarterly call.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yep. Sure. Again, the big investment for us in Structural Heart with WATCHMAN and TAVR, and you know, we're planning for the long-term here, particularly with our TAVR, given the market growth profile and how large the market is. And our view that we have a very differentiated platform from the other market contenders, given the controlled release of our Lotus valve and the lowest paravalvular leakage rates. So we think we truly have a differentiated platform in a very large market. We're a bit hamstrung in the near-term in Europe without having all five sizes. We have three of them today. So that hurts us a bit, but we'll solve that with a 21-millimeter in first quarter 2017 and eventually the largest size at probably first half 2017. So that will help. So in the meantime, we continue to do very well with the three valve sizes that we have. We won't provide any additional guidance in terms of number of accounts or penetration, but clearly it is a share taking strategy. The market's already large. The market's growing, and we're quite confident that we're currently the strong number three player. But that's not going to be our aspiration over the years, particularly as we launch Lotus Edge and depth guard.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, thanks, Matt. It's Mike. I also don't want to be a broken record here, but I think I want to just reinforce, consistent with our Investor Day presentations in 2013 and 2015, we've continued to invest our portfolio into faster growth markets. So, kind of in the maybe 2011 timeframe, we called our market growth profile about 3% in the markets we compete in. So as we've shifted our portfolio over time into faster growth markets, we think the markets we compete in now are kind of in the 4% to 5% growth range, if you look at the composite of BSC. So we are pleased that we're outperforming the market, but we'll strive to continue to do so. But we think that we have fundamentally shifted the markets that we play in to about a 4% to 5% growth market versus maybe a 2% to 3% growth market 4 or 5 years ago. So the markets are stronger that we compete in and the team is doing a really nice job of outperforming.
Michael F. Mahoney: So, yeah. We're not giving DES guidance for the third quarter or fourth quarter. We're going to continue to run the play, which is we believe we have the best product in the market, and Keith can comment a bit more on the clinical data. And we've been competing with Absorb in Europe for quite a while. We would put it at probably less than a 7% – the BVS probably less than 7% of the global market and it's been on the market for quite a while. So we feel like we're in the position of strength in terms of our product portfolio, and we continue to look at BVS, it's an interesting technology. And we've got a number of bets and it's a fact (57:58) in the future we can look at a second-gen or a third generation device then we'll eventually bring that to market but at this time we believe that SYNERGY is the premium device and we'll continue to focus on driving that.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. So we're early with our Eluvia platform. It's a large investment. We'll be announcing additional data sets on both our balloon and our stent at CIRSE, which I think is in Barcelona in September third quarter this year. So we'll continue to lay out our clinical data there. But I think just, again, the strength of having a – in Europe, a drug-coated balloon and a differentiated drug-eluting stents for the peripheral vascular offers physicians more options. And so it uniquely positions us in the SFA and it also helps us pull through our core portfolio. So I think these investments are paying off in Europe, based on the growth, and we've got to wrap up our clinical trial of Eluvia which we anticipate by year-end 2016. And so we look forward to that finishing. And then we'll provide additional comments on our balloon at our third quarter earnings call.
Daniel J. Brennan: No, somewhat. Let me just make sure we're clear on that. So we're at 70.7% in the quarter. The guidance range for Q3 and the full year is 71.5% to 72.5%. So it implies the uptick that you mentioned in the second half. I think the two key drivers of that are the inventory charges for the CRM products related to the better uptake of MRI-safe brady and quad in the U.S. as well as the WATCHMAN FLEX. We don't believe that those repeat themselves. And then secondly, we will get the full benefit in the second half of the lower manufacturing costs that we have for 2016 standards because we'll now be selling all the inventory at the new standards, and we will have sold off all the inventory at last year's standards. Those are the two main drivers that put us back into the 71.5% to 72.5% range. FX, we actually assume, is probably somewhat in the same range as where it was in Q2. That's really the reason, if you think back to last quarter, our guidance for FX in gross margin would have implied about 70 to 75 basis points each quarter for Qs 2, 3, and 4. Now it's 120; so that's a 50 basis point difference. And that's the reason why the guidance for the full year came from 72% to 73% to 71.5% to 72.5%.
Daniel J. Brennan: I think you answered your own question there, David, a bit. It's margins and CapEx. So one of the things that we have this year is, as we detailed in our guidance at the beginning of the year, is a CapEx number at $350 million that's $100 million higher than we think we need to effectively run each year. So we get that back, hopefully, each of the next three years and then expanding margins. So our goal next year is 25%-plus. And as we've given guidance for or long-term goals for 27% to 28% by 2020, the combination of those two factors and the CapEx I think gets you a long way there. And then the other piece is that we're going to continue to try, from a working capital perspective, to make that be our friend. We have a lot of inventory initiatives in place to really hopefully lead the industry in that regard and be best-in-class. And when we do that, that'll turn something that's going to drag on cash flow into a positive and hopefully see the beginnings of that this year. You see that from us taking our guidance from 1.5 billion to 1.6 billion; a piece of that is the inventory initiatives.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Larry. I think probably the best way to explain that just to do a quick summary of the increase in revenue. So the revenue is $170 million higher at the midpoint of guidance and that breaks down into three things: $20 million comes from FX; $75 million comes from revenue that already came in Q2; and then $75 million comes in the second half. I think the main factor that's offsetting that is if you look at our R&D rate, our R&D rate in the first half was 10.5%. And looking at the second half it's going to be 11.5% to get to the full-year rate of 11%. So that's 100 basis point increase in R&D, largely related to timing and the investments in the Structural Heart that Mike had mentioned. So that, for the most part, offsets the additional flow-through in the revenue that you get – the additional $75 million of revenue you get in the second half...
Daniel J. Brennan: And then we're also – just as you look at it still very pleased to be at 15% to 19% full-year EPS growth which would be four years straight of double-digit adjusted EPS growth.
Daniel J. Brennan: Thanks, Bob. Yeah, I don't think we'll be changing the trajectory in terms of the margin guidance we've given. As we always say, it's about striking a balance between delivering durable, consistent revenue growth and expanding operating margins. And if you look at the numbers and see what we've done for the last three years relative to revenue growth and particularly on the margin expansion front, looking at 27% to 28% adjusted operating margin by 2020, and a consistent durable growing top line through that period and the goal of double-digit adjusted EPS growth each of those years, I think we're going to stick with that as our targets.
Daniel J. Brennan: Again, it's striking a balance. We do have a lot of investment, as Mike mentioned, relative to Structural Heart. That's a lot of investment to get to the U.S. market and be successful there. And I think we're – it's always about striking that balance.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't talk specifically about a rate for 2017. Obviously, the goal is to continuously increase the gross margin rate. And it'll be part of what we believe is 25%-plus adjusted operating margin for next year, so with that as the goal. The FX in the back half is really the only thing that we believe is consistent from the Q2 performance. The other things I mentioned relative to inventory charges and the benefit from the standards, hopefully, to your point, is a transient thing. So the FX is the only one that continues into the second half.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. I think the focus on Rhythm Management has really just been because of where they were, right. Starting off in the high single-digits, it's gotten a lot of focus over the last three or four years. I think we've made – Joe and the team have made tremendous progress getting it to the 16.9% that it is in Q2, the 18% to 19% that it'll be the second half of this year, and then ultimately the 20% next year and beyond that in 2018 and beyond. All the while, to you point, MedSurg and Cardiovascular have continued to grow their margins as well. So I think it goes back to what Mike said to the answer to the last question which is there's investments that we're making to ensure that durable growth 2018, 2019, 2020 and beyond and it's not just one business that has that investment. We're investing in all of the businesses. So we spend a lot of time looking at each of the individual segments and the profitability there, and the math adds up to what we've given for our goals.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Rick. Yeah. I'll hit it from a financial perspective; maybe Mike can jump in on the strategic side. The goal – and I think you've framed it out very well, that's our goal is to eliminate the uncertainties that we have on the balance sheet. I think we've taken a lot of good steps in the quarter to do that. And that's going to give us more financial flexibility in the future. And that's the goal. So we should hopefully free up more of that cash flow for the long-term. We gave you the numbers hopefully as goals for the next three years. And the goal is to have as much of that available to fuel the business from an M&A and share repurchase perspective. So I don't know if anything specific, but yeah, I mean, that's really the goal is to eliminate the uncertainties and give us as much financial flexibility as we can have.
