Michael F. Mahoney: Mike Mahoney here. Thanks for the question. I think in terms of the overall worldwide DES market, we see the kind of market in the low single digits in terms of our performance, and again, choose the market, we see the price volume in the kind of 7% to 8% range and price impact for the overall market in the low single -- mid-single digits. In terms of our performance with the DES market, we're very encouraged by our European performance. So in Europe, we're launching our new platforms. So we have SYNERGY, and we also have Promus PREMIER. And we actually had growth both in Europe and in the Asia-Pac markets for the first time in a number of years. That's an encouraging trend as we grow share in Europe, and also, those products will be coming to the U.S. And they also reflect the broader portfolio strategy that we have in our other IC businesses with our CTO devices that you mentioned and also the additional platforms that we're launching in IVUS. So we're encouraged by the momentum we're seeing outside the U.S. where we're launching our first products. And in the U.S., we've essentially stabilized our share, and we are benefiting from the annualization of the comparables of the launches that you mentioned earlier.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. In third quarter, we'll be reentering the U.S. with S-ICD, primarily with our IDE sites, so we'll begin shipment again of S-ICD, call, late third quarter. And by fourth quarter, we'll be able to ramp up more significantly and also expand our commercial presence in the U.S. and globally beyond our trial centers. So if this ramp up in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter we'll be able to drive significant more supply than the marketplace. And also in fourth quarter, we'll launch our 1.5 release, which would further enable greater capabilities for supply going into 2014 and improve the cost profile of the platform.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, we won't be supply constrained as we head into the fourth quarter. So in third quarter, we'll begin launching S-ICD again. We will not be supply constrained as we move into the fourth quarter and into 2014.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, it's an area we've invested quite heavily in over the last 2 years, and we've done it because we like the size of the market. It's $2.5 billion. It's growing essentially double digits, and there's a tremendous amount of synergy with our CRM business. So we like the market, and we like the synergies with our expanded CRM business, as well as the customer. In terms of the portfolio, we'll have a much more meaningful business as we look at closing the Bard transaction, which hopefully will be fourth quarter. So we'll be approaching the $250 million EP business with much more global scale in terms of our commercial efforts in U.S., Europe and Asia Pac. And a really much -- a well-rounded portfolio with a mapping system, the recording devices, the diagnostic catheters and the therapeutic catheters, we're continuing to develop internally here. So our portfolio really will be highly competitive post the Bard close, one of the much stronger commercial footprint. So we respect there are some very difficult and challenging competitors in that market, but we believe the portfolio we pull together in the team is very innovative and very focused and a lot of synergies to work within our CRM business, so we anticipate ourselves will be improving the drug profile of that business.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, why don't you just comment on the clinical results that were presented and your thoughts on the approval timelines.
Michael F. Mahoney: We believe so. We've taken the market view on S-ICD up to about $750 million. So we'll be back in the market in full in the fourth quarter, and we do see upside longer term in S-ICD. But also just let me just expand more broadly on your question on the growth profile. Think of 3 major buckets, and Jeff outlined our performance in our MedSurg, Cross, Neuromodulation, PI and Endoscopy. We're growing plus 7%, and we have a number of new product launches, and you see the momentum there in the second half. The second piece is the improving performance of our IC and CRM businesses. And you touched on S-ICD and WATCHMAN. And then these adjacencies, we received, quite frankly, better-than-expected clinical results with TAVR, hypertension, S-ICD in the second quarter. And then the expanding impact of our emerging markets. So those 4 elements really deliver a lot of muscle to the long-term strategic plan that we outlined at Investor Day and give us great confidence in that, as well as the operational -- operating margin improvement opportunities that Jeff outlined.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Our M&A strategy, we're always looking for the right opportunities, and as you mentioned, we've done a number of earlier-stage deals in 2012. And those were pointed at faster-growing markets. We're also in markets, the synergies with our existing Boston Scientific business that we can leverage and ultimately, deliver a faster growth profile for the company. And we're really in the middle of the investment phase of those acquisitions and we believe they'll have a growing impact on our revenue and ROI towards the back half of '13 and in '14. So the EP deal, we want to clearly balance our acquisitions. They all want to be in fast-growing markets where we drive synergies. But we'll continue to look for properties like C.R. Bard EP business, where we have quite a bit of leverage with our existing EP business in Rhythm Management area. It complements our businesses, and it would be accretive in 2014. So we'll continue to look for that right balance but ideally seek revenue-seeking opportunities that are accretive to the company.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Glenn, just let me just jump in for a minute to add to what Mike had said. I think the other dynamic that's really starting to benefit is the emerging markets. We've talked about investing aggressively in areas like India and China and some of the other areas. And those areas are growing very well. So if you look at kind of Asia Pacific as a whole, we are probably up mid-single digits plus within DES. So we continue to believe, depending on kind of what happens from a pricing perspective, that the unit growth kind of the emerging markets, subject to kind of pricing results is really going to help the market and us disproportionately as we start to get more of our fair share of the market share in those areas.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, I guess a couple of comments on the German side. So the German market, we had made some conscious decisions based on pricing and based on our portfolio, which we think is differentiated, not to place heavily in Germany this year, and a lot of that's price driven. As a result, our inability to sell in Germany hasn't impacted as much as people may have thought. And in a previous exchange, somebody had asked me how big could Germany be, and I think we kind of landed that it's less than $40 million for the full year. So we're able to grow through that. And of course, we think that our intellectual property position is well positioned, and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves and try to get that appealed in reverse. So despite the impact on Germany, which is not really that significant, the business is performing pretty well.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, thanks, Rick. So let me take you through kind of a bridge, and as part of that, I'll pick up your question on the Abbott true-up. So I would say the midpoint of our guidance range for gross margins for the quarter was about 68.5%. We guided from 68% to 69%, so 60.5% -- 68.5%. So we're a couple of hundred basis points higher than we guided to. Clearly, one impact is the true-up of the Abbott supply arrangement. So as, I think, most people know, we were procuring PROMUS from Abbott, and we estimated our price from them, the cost of the device, and we had an arrangement, where on a retrospective basis, they looked at their actual cost base, we true it up, kind of our estimate to the actual. So we've now done, in this quarter, the final true-up. In that final true-up, we had a benefit of roughly 90 basis points flow through our gross margin. That's a onetime benefit. It would not recur going forward. So there's a 90-basis-point benefit in the gross margins for the second quarter we do not expect to recur. So that explains a little bit of why the margins were a little bit stronger. However, the other hundred basis points plus was pretty good news for the business, and this really comes into us in 3 different areas: One, we had better performance in the manufacturing side, stronger delivery of our value improvement programs. If you remember back at the Investor Day we want to take out at least 5% of the standard cost. Our manufacturing group delivered, and I think that was very strong performance. We also had the benefit of building some inventories relative to some of the product launches that we helped, that helped us. So part of that survives going forward. Part of that is kind of a onetime benefit. Pricing actually was better this quarter, both pricing and mix. The pricing dynamics continue to get better. There's still a challenge, but they get better. And as we continue to introduce new technology in the marketplace, it's more a mix benefit than a price benefit. We do better from a price perspective. And then mix, overall, helped us. That's the third factor. So I think as we look going forward, I think our guidance for the second half was 69% to 70%. I would hope it would be kind of at the midpoint, if not, the higher end of that, and I think we've got some momentum going into 2014.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Okay, David, thank you. So yes, as you look -- dig into the press release, our MedSurg margins went 27.6% up to 32% so pretty impressive performance within a quarter. One thing to recognize in the MedSurg business is you've got some larger businesses like Endoscopy that are fairly profitable that we're doing very well that can continue to increase the profitability. But Neuromodulation is a business that, as it grows pretty quickly, has significant leverage from a bottom line perspective because not currently at our average operating margins, but it's coming up pretty quickly. So I think what should continue to happen here in this year and into the future is as Neuromodulation continues to grow and we feel very good about the trajectory within the SCS the Spinal Cord Stimulation and the DBS side, that will grow and operating profit will grow much more quickly. So that'll help the margins, as well Endoscopy and certainly, Urology/Women's Health is opportunity to expand the margins as well. So there's certainly opportunity to push up the margins of the MedSurg, feel pretty good about that. On the CRM side, the margins were down year-over-year, same story as kind of the first quarter. Really, what you see there is investment. Investment in areas like Rhythmia and Cameron are weighing a little bit on the margins as our investments in the EP business, which is lumped in at Rhythm Management. What we do expect though is, over the next 5 years, that 600 basis points that we keep talking about a margin expansion for the whole company, CRM will disproportionately benefit from that because they've got a number of investment programs. What you're seeing so far is all the OpEx. You're not seeing a lot of sales. And as we get back in the market with CRM, as we now have FDA approval for Rhythmia and we have CE Mark, 2014 should be the inflection point from a growth perspective in terms of picking up a lot of sales at pretty good profit margins. And so now you'll have the sales growth with a little bit less OpEx. That's a pretty good equation for us. The other dynamic is we have restructuring programs that we've been running that we updated people on at the end of last year, and certainly, CRM will benefit from those as well.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So if you look from a year-over-year perspective, we're up a couple of hundred basis points from 68.5% to 70.8%. If you look at kind of the impact of -- I'm going to net pricing together with kind of VIP improvements, cost improvements. That was a net benefit of roughly 70 basis points, which is good news for us. That's kind of what we want to see happen, is less pricing pressure and more ability to kind of manage the cost side. It was 100 basis points of -- 90 basis points improvement from the Abbott true-up and about 50 basis points improvement from the Neurovascular divestiture.
Jeffrey D. Capello: FX wasn't that significant. We were -- unlike some of our -- some other people in the sector, we hedged, so the foreign exchange rates don't move us around as much.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, so from an FX perspective, we don't expect it to have a big impact in the back half of the year. And then I believe the Neurovascular divestiture, there's a little bit of benefit in the third quarter, and then that's gone.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So let me start with your last question first. So as you might recall, we kind of targeted investing in the other Interventional Cardiology area a couple of years ago, and it started with kind of looking at our balloons, guidewires, and then the IVUS franchise had been kind of a net share loser for us. And so those are some dynamics that we had that kind of weighed on that side. So what we've done over the past couple of years is we revitalized pretty significantly that segment. We've come up with new balloons, new guidewires, and the other thing we've done is from an IVUS perspective, we come up with our, really our first new catheter in over 10 years and a new software platform, which we really think is going to allow us to reposition that business. And that business was up mid-single digits, and it's a good-sized business for us. So we think we're going to build momentum. And as we talked on the Investor Day, we talked about having FFR capability sometime in '14. So we see that as a good opportunity for us to kind of get back some of the share we have lost. The other dynamic is BridgePoint, the CTO acquisition. That was something we were pretty bullish on that we've been talking about at every public point. We think that really positions us very well to be the provider of choice to treat difficult-to-treat lesions. And we think that's starting to play out, and we think we're going to get more momentum going forward. So credit to the management team and the various individuals running those businesses, this quarter was a strong quarter. We think we can build on that based on all the factors I just listed. The other dynamic I should point out as well is the emerging markets because the emerging markets and this other IC area is a great opportunity for us to kind of continue to grow our share as well.
