Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, for the Ultra injunction that was announced yesterday, it's 30 days. So, it's basically November 23.
Michael F. Mahoney: Thanks, Dave. I think if you just look at the business, it's broadly-based. It's performing at a pretty high level. Strong diversification across them with, in third quarter, MedSurg growing 11%, Rhythm and Neuro 8%, Cardio 7%. So, as you look to the fourth quarter and also the regions, U.S. 9%, Europe 7%, and Asia 8%, so we're seeing very well-balanced, diversified growth across regions and businesses and we expect that momentum to continue in fourth quarter. We did have some important new approvals like Eluvia, but we don't anticipate that making a significant impact until really first quarter 2019. So, we really see just the continued momentum of the business and we continue to invest for what will be this 7% to 10% operational growth CAGR in 2019-2020. So it's really just a continuation of our momentum that we have, new product launches. And as you indicated, we have a tougher comp in fourth quarter, about 250 basis points higher than third quarter.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, we'll give guidance in due course here. We talk about 7% to 10%, and during that piece we think about 150 basis points of that 7% to 10% comes from M&A. So, that leaves 5.5% to 8.5% organic, which is pretty strong. And we've got – you heard in my comments that were lengthy that we've got significant product launches coming across each major segment. So, we're very confident in that 7% to 10% and we've got a nice track record delivering it.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, and on the sales coverage area, we feel very comfortable there. In terms of WATCHMAN which is doing really remarkably well, it's all about increasing utilization. So, the sales reps' requirements to open up new centers really has declined significantly over the past three years because we have so many centers that are open. So, there's still a few new center openings that account for the revenue but the bulk of it really is a combination of what we call therapy awareness reps, helping, working in partnership with the customers or the hospitals to drive awareness, physician training, and increased utilization. And so, it's a pretty significant, I would say, clinical exercise and therapy awareness exercise, and a little bit less on the traditional sales, new account openings. That will now shift over to the TAVR responsibility for a lot of those reps. So, by geography, there's different models. Sometimes we have separate reps, sometimes we combine reps. It depends on what the situation is. But we'll continue to invest in both our WATCHMAN clinical team and also continue to make investments as we do a smart launch of our LOTUS platform in the U.S. with clinical reps and sales reps. .
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, thank you very much. You did a nice report on that this week. Well done. So, I really won't comment on our pricing strategy, really for competitive reasons. And so, we do think that Eluvia has demonstrated superior results with the platform, given the IMPERIAL data and so we do believe that the product should be priced at a premium, and we are pursuing an NTAP in the inpatient environment. And so, we'll hopefully hear news on that by the end of the first quarter time period. So, we think a combination of the superior results should help drive a premium price and we'll work smartly to try to receive additional reimbursement add-on payments currently as planned in the inpatient center.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, so the great news is, as you know, we've made really strong progress with both LOTUS and ACURATE. So, our ability to supply with ACURATE has been significantly enhanced over the past year, the ops team's done a great job with that and we continue to actually build another facility to support ACURATE. And we're excited about the launch of LOTUS in Europe. So overall, the strength and capabilities of our TAVR supply and capabilities continue to get stronger. I won't make any comments other than we're really pleased and it's the results that we expected. So, we have really demonstrated in proving our patents out in Germany with S3, including the appeal trial and we're pleased with the results of the Ultra enjoinment with ACURATE's capability. So, we've got some options here and I think we'll continue to play it out.
Michael F. Mahoney: Okay. Yeah, I think Maulik and our global team have done a very nice job. We've talked about WaveWriter for a while and its ability to have the diversity, flexibility of waveforms, paresthesia based and non-paresthesia based. And I think really what we're seeing is the adoption of that and then longer-term clinical benefits. So, we're seeing stronger reorder rates from current customers as we continue to grab new physicians as well. So, I think it's really the proven clinical outcomes that's driving the adoption at comfort level and we continue to try to improve the ease of use of training and programming, which we'll continue to do in 2019 to drive more adoption. And also, you're seeing greater outside the U.S. – I hate that word, but greater adoption in Europe and the Asia markets for our Spinal Cord Stim business. In DBS, we're early phases in U.S. Europe's really the footprint there, the blueprint for the U.S. We have our new platforms all approved in Europe and we're doing quite well there. And in Deep Brain Stimulation, that should be a nice tailwind for us in 2019, once we have our directional lead approved which we expect likely by the end of this year, early first quarter. So, DBS should be nice additional boost for us in 2019. We'll have some tougher comps for Spinal Cord Stim throughout 2019, but the business has a lot of momentum.
Michael F. Mahoney: Well, we'll outline that quite a bit more in the coming months. I think the pacemaker piece should improve generally in 2019 with new product launches and easier comps. And defibs will be a little bit trickier in 2019 with tougher comps, but we have a unique platform that we just talked about with RESONATE and S-ICD to continue to grow that. So, I think broadly in 2019, you'll see CRM continue to grow above market. I know a lot of companies say that, but we actually continue to do that in CRM. So, I think that'll be good. I think in DES, that's our toughest segment in terms of market, given the pricing pressure there. But this ELITE solution will be a nice segmented offering because what it will enable us to do is offer customers who want better economics, a permanent polymer stent to match our two biggest competitors, global competitors, and then to further differentiate our synergy bioresorbable polymer at more of a premium. So, it's a nice way for us to position best in class delivery system with synergy with a durable polymer to match some of the competitive headwinds that we see in price. And then use that to then further differentiate synergy a bit more. So, I think it's a nice strategy, and hopefully we'll see some improvement next year in DES.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, happy to do that. The Urology business has – we have a lot of faith in it. First of all, we have a very strong leadership team there globally that delivers on the commitments and that's why we've tripled down with three acquisitions in that business this year. It's a – I would say broadly the demographics are very good. The ability for us to expand that business globally are significant. It's our least global business that we have in terms of the revenue mix and higher concentration in the U.S. So, I would start off with we have a very strong team. I could talk about the portfolio second. The international expansion efforts are likely the greatest of all the divisions at Boston in Urology. And then third, we just had a very, very strong innovation cadence and current pipeline. We just recently, in the last month continue to advance our ability in stone retrieval with a combination delivery platform, as well as a basket combined into one user interface. I'm blanking on the name of the new product, but the team continues to reinvent and innovate in core Stone through that device as well as our visualization capabilities. And that uniqueness is driving pull through of the core business. And then you're seeing very strong additional new market entries with our NxThera BPH platform that complements our laser platform. We're very excited about Augmenix and the ability for us to leverage our commercial footprint and offer that platform to radiation oncologists as well as to urologists in the outpatient center. It's already reimbursed, nice FDA approval. So, I think you're seeing just very strong core products, innovation in our core, and these new adjacencies in global growth. And late-breaker news, the name of that product I was thinking of is LithoVue Empower. .
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, Bob, we won't give a specific number relative to what the dilution is. We did give that, obviously, for this year being that $0.02 to $0.03. I'm happy that we have the financial strength that's allowing to us offset that this year and that's always the goal. As we've always stated and consistently delivered, our goal is double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth and I would assume that that's no different as we head forward. So, it's about making a tradeoff. We certainly want to make sure we give the care and feeding necessary to those acquisitions so they can drive that 7% to 10% growth for 2019 and 2020 and hopefully beyond that timeframe as well. And we're pretty well-heeled in making those tradeoffs and delivering that double-digit EPS growth.
Daniel J. Brennan: I wouldn't comment on, specifically on what the Street has. We'll obviously give guidance in early 2019, but our goal is always double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth and should be no different going forward.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, sure. There's a lot there. Let me hit them one at a time. So, FX, yes. We've obviously kind of snapped the line with where rates are today and have a very successful hedging program that we've put in place over time. And with what we see today with where rates are today, we'd kind of see FX being neutral at an EPS line as we get to 2019. Obviously, when we give guidance, we'll update that, but that's kind of where we'd be today. Tax, yes. If we're successful in being able to reinvest, which we believe we will be, reinvest that $0.06, $82 million one-time benefit here in the fourth quarter, we would expect to be able to bring down that 15% operational tax rate guidance that we've given for 2019 and 2020. So, that is clearly the goal and we'll give you more information on that when we give guidance. And then the 50 to 100 basis point, yes, that's the goal that we've had, that's the goal we've established and for 2019 and 2020, that should absolutely be doable.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, we really haven't – It's part of the kind of the mid to high teens of billions of markets that we're adding over the next two to three years in the new technologies that we're addressing, both organically and also through acquisitions. So, we haven't given specific numbers. We did include in the financial operations highlights on our website a nice little summary of acquisitions. So, you can kind of refer to that, but we haven't put out the TAM buy acquisition at this point. I'd imagine we'll talk more about that as we get to Investor Day next year as well.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. I can take the acquisition one and then Mike can do the second one. So on the acquisition front, we've obviously done a series of acquisitions this year. Still have a tremendous amount of financial flexibility; debt to EBITDA 2.4 times at the end of Q3, obviously, putting some of the legacy liabilities, particularly mesh, behind us. So, as you look at 2019 and 2020 and cash flow that hopefully should be north of $2 billion in each of those years, still gives us ample capacity to be able to continue to execute our strategy, which is category leadership. So, I would look for us to continue to do acquisitions that fill out the portfolio.
Daniel J. Brennan: Right. First quarter 2019 for LOTUS in Europe and FX actually is pretty easy as well. I think I hit part of this in the prepared remarks. For 2019, if you look at where rates are today, if you kind of snap that line today with where our rates are and where our hedging programs are, we would say it's neutral. So, just I would say it's neutral for 2019. Depending on where things go from now to then, we'll update you when we give guidance, but I think putting it in neutral for now is probably a safe bet.
