Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, Rick, in terms of the timing as to why now, I mean, I'm entering pretty much the 10th year of being a public company CFO, and my aspirations are to have a broader role. Mike and I talked about it over the past little while. So the opportunity to do that in the next phase of my career is something I was focused on. I think as you look at why now, I think the company has made a lot of progress over the last 5 years and the natural point would be within a year, right before a new year start, so I think it's a good time to transition with Dan coming on and owning the plan for next year. So I feel good about that. If I felt that the company was not in a good position, I wouldn't be leaving. I wouldn't do that. So I remain very confident that the company has a lot of momentum. We are having a terrific year. I think we're going to finish up the year strong. And I feel very confident of the trajectory of the company and will work with Dan to make sure that we set up an appropriate plan for next year to meet, if not exceed, the guidance we gave people at the Investor Day. So I'm quite confident of that.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, the only thing I'd add to that, Rick, is I think we continue to have opportunities to continue to work on the cost structure of the company, and this is just right in line with that. The lion's share of the benefit will be coming through the gross margin line in the form of rationalizing a number of plants. We currently still have a heavy number of plants, and this allows us to take some plants out of the network. And I think as people have seen, we've done it very successfully over the years, so I'm very confident of the operations team ability to do that. And then it's all around the functions, making the functions more appropriate for the size of company that we're at. So I think it's a good solid program, and the benefit will come over a 2-year period. I would remind you and the other analysts that we did announce today that we expect to start enrolling for our U.S. IDEs for both the TAVR program and for the Vessix program, and these programs are large programs that require costs. So as you think about counting [ph] your models going forward, a good portion of the benefit of these restructuring programs, some will go to the bottom line, some will go to fund those programs to drive the growth of the company going forward.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Okay. So let me start with the gross margin, and then I'll go to your sales question. Two good questions, thank you, Larry. So as you look at the gross margin -- maybe I'll bridge you kind of from a year-over-year basis. Our gross margins were roughly 68% a year ago. We've taken them up 270 basis points to 70.7%. It's kind of the same story that's been playing out throughout the year in the sense that some of our efforts around price management, segmentation, are really starting to bear fruit, and we are seeing less price erosion than we anticipated. So that's very good news. That's what we thought would happen, and we're getting a little bit more traction. There's also a mixed benefit. Some of our new products are carrying a better gross margin than their predecessors, and that's also very good news. The third factor from a gross margin perspective that was helpful is the efforts of our manufacturing team to further take costs out of the manufacturing facilities and run them more efficiently, we call them value improvement programs, are really getting some strong traction, and that team feels very bullish going forward that they've got more opportunity. So it's really kind of those 3 factors have positioned us really well from a gross margin perspective. And as we look at the fourth quarter, fourth quarter tends to be higher from a revenue perspective than the third quarter because of seasonality in Europe. That will allow us to drive a little bit more margin improvement based on more volume. So we feel good about the gross margins. We did talk about a plan at the Investor Day of being able to drive the gross margins up to 72%. Frankly, we are ahead of our plan based on the strong progress, a credit to the team. I think we also said that 72% wasn't a limit. It's certainly not a ceiling. So some of our competitors are at 75%. So it's the intent of this organization to drive back to more margins that are more indicative of the sector, and this would indicate that there's some opportunity to do that, maybe quicker than we thought. So that's on the margin side. On the sales side, I guess a couple of comments I'd make relative to the sales for the fourth quarter are, if you go back and look at the fourth quarter of last year, we had a very strong quarter for the MedSurg businesses. We were up 10% in Endoscopy, 14% in Neuromod and 9% in PI. So the fourth quarter was our best quarter of last year. So we are up against the most difficult comparable from the sales perspective. Having said that, if you look at our guidance, our guidance is 2% to 4%. If you take the midpoint, 3%, it's not far off what we grew this quarter, the third quarter, and there could be some potential upside to that. I think we'll wait and see how things play out. A lot of that has to do with timing. We do expect the TAVR program to get CE Mark approval in the very, very near future. So stay tuned to that. And so a lot of it just has to do with timing of getting programs approved and market reception in the early rollout. So I would say that there's a good likelihood from a sales perspective that we could do better than the midpoint.
Jeffrey D. Capello: I would say that the spending is more less in line with the prior plan, I think, if you look at kind of the midpoint. Third quarter is a tough one to judge it off from an SG&A perspective because it's our lowest quarter typically from a revenue perspective, and timing of cost can kind of move around. We do expect the SG&A rate to drop down in the fourth quarter. So I think it's not dissimilar from kind of the plan that we laid out to the Street. And I think, as we said, clearly, with operating margins of -- in the mid-19s, we think we have at least 100 basis point opportunity to expand margins every year, and that's the focus. And I think that's something that's very achievable for the organization.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, thanks, Mike. So the impact of the divestiture was roughly 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We now pretty much are done with kind of the divestiture revenue which had very low margin. And then from an FX perspective, it had negligible impact.
Jeffrey D. Capello: I think it's a very good question. And actually, when we reviewed this restructuring program with the board, I went back and looked at our whole sector over the last 6 or 7 years. And our restructuring actions, if you go back and look at it, are pretty much right in line with all of our competitors in terms of number of charges, dollars of charges and roughly, the benefits are very limited. So I think it's indicative of an industry in transition is what it really is, right? I mean, there's so much change going on, and organizations have to adapt and change. And we are doing that, our competitors are doing that right in lockstep. Having said that, so from a relative perspective, we are more or less right in line with what the competition has been doing. And from a savings perspective and where the savings go or where will they go going forward, I think one of the things to keep in mind is, our P&L is burdened very heavily with the number of acquisitions that are in the critical stages from investment perspective, and that's why you're not seeing as much of kind of a dropthrough. And for some of those programs are coming out of the investment stage and start to accelerate from an earnings return heading into '14 and '15. For others, such as our renal denervation and the TAVR program, we still have quite a bit investment. So as I said to Rick on the first call, I would look at these restructuring programs providing investors with comfort that we can continue to drive the acquisitions that are at the doorstep of starting to return to the company and also carry the new larger programs, and still allow ourselves to kind of expand our margins. So that's the way to think about the restructuring kind of where the benefit goes.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. I mean, I think what we said at the Investor Day is that we expect it to continue to kind of deliver on cost savings to drive the earnings of the company. So yes, we continue to restructure the business, and it wouldn't be unusual to be restructurings going forward. And I don't think anybody -- any of our competitors would say anything different.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So Bruce, your number is a little light relative to -- from a DES perspective outside the U.S. We did about $156 million in revenue.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Sure. So let's start kind of in Europe and we'll move East. So in Europe, from a market perspective, we continue to see very strong unit growth, offset by pretty strong pricing pressure, to the point where that market -- we think that market's about flat. And we, of course, were off the market for almost a whole quarter in Germany because of the OrbusNeich injunction. So that cost us -- if you look at the performance, that probably cost us 400 basis points of revenue growth. The revenue would have been 400 basis points higher. And now that we're back on the market, we expect to regain our share. So that's important to understand. The other important thing to understand is Asia Pacific. So we've been talking for the last 4 or 5 years about the fact that the Asia Pacific market, we expected, kind of outside Japan, really to be a growth engine for us. This quarter, we grew Asia Pacific drug-eluting stent 16%, 1-6. So the benefits of that strategy is starting to get some traction, and that market is growing. So as a whole, we think the overall DES market was down roughly 2% for the quarter. And we think that, that dynamic, as it continues to improve, bodes well for us with our leading-edge technology platform and our hyper investment we've been making in the emerging markets.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So the game plan would be that, that transaction would close ideally early November. And if that happens, I would assume that it adds roughly 100 basis points of growth to the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So I'm not going to be able to give you guidance by P&L line item because we haven't really finished that yet for 2014. But what I can help you with is, if you look at kind of our operating margins for 2012, they were 18.8%. And if you take the midpoint of our guidance, you get to about 19.5% for 2013. So we'll be up about 60 basis points year-over-year. And it is very, very important that people understand that we have a full year impact of medical device tax in our numbers. So without the medical device tax, we would have been up 160 basis points. Some of our competitors have elected to put it in cost of goods sold, which means it really cut the inventory. They have a half year's impact. So the good news is we get the whole medical device tax behind us in 2013, setting up for an easier comparable relative to some of our competitors from a margin perspective. Having said that, I've said it a couple times and continue to say it, I'm sure Dan will as well, the opportunity for us to expand the margins is real. There is a lot of pressure in the P&L from the growth programs we have. And the organization and the management team is comfortable being able to commit to increasing its operating margins 100 basis points per year.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, so you have to kind of take our rate for this year, which is close to -- we expect to be close to 13%, and add a couple 100 basis points to it, if you neutralize for the extra R&D tax credit. So let's say it's 15%. I think that's a pretty good rate for us for the foreseeable future, subject to what may happen or not with the U.S. tax reform. But I think, a 15% tax rate for next couple of years is probably a reasonable assumption.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So we continue to remain rather focused on the margins. The cardiovascular margins were up about 110 basis points. And as a reminder, that includes the IC business and the PI business. So that's -- anytime we can drive 7% revenue growth in PI, we're going to see margin expansion. So that's one of the key drivers there. Rhythm Management, we went from 11.6% to 13.4%, so up about 170 basis points. And you recall what we said, we think we can basically double our CRM operating margins the next 5 years. And I've said it a couple of times, this includes a negative dilution associated with Atritech, Cameron and a number of the Rhythmia development programs. So as we continue to do better from a CRM perspective, just like it was a little painful on the way down, when we grow 1%, 2%, we start to get more revenue growth. It is very accretive on the way up. So part of that is revenue growth coming back to Rhythm Management. And then the MedSurg business was down about 30 basis points. I don't lose any sleep about that at all. That group is growing like crazy. And they can still improve their operating margins. So that's just at 1 quarter some cost being in 1 quarter versus the next. But the margins are healthy and expect them at the end to go up.
Michael F. Mahoney: And Rick, this is Mike Mahoney. I'll just add to that. One, credit to Jeff on this. We have a very deep financial bench at Boston Scientific. And so, Dan's been with the company for a long time and will do an excellent job as CFO, and it's also a very well-planned out transition through 2013, as well as on an as needed basis for an extended period of time in 2014. So this will be done very well. And in terms of the commitment to the strategic plan, we absolutely have it. We laid it out at Investor Day in early 2013. We've been exceeding targets of that plan as has been laid out. We've got a number of important clinical programs that are in flight that we talked about. And we are highly committed, not only to drive top line growth, but to deliver significant margin improvement. As you know, it's a big focus area for us. I think it's further evidenced by the restructuring program that we highlighted today as good hygiene for the company as we deliver operating income margin improvement.
Michael F. Mahoney: I'll make a comment and Jeff can fill in. So this restructuring plan is very consistent within the plans of the strategic plan and the investor guidance we already provided. So this is within -- embedded within that strategy. So we've talked about a key component of our strategy called funding the journey. And we have a current operating margin of, call it, 19-ish percent that we were striving to improve to 25%. So part of that productivity, there's many facets to that, but one is Plant Network Optimization. And our operations team continues to look at how we lean out operations and reduce overhead. And this is something that we've done before. We'll continue to look at our Plant Network Optimization in our efforts to improve operating income margin. But this action is consistent and not additive to the Investor Day presentation and projections we laid out.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. It's Mike here. In terms of the S-ICD supply question. So the good news is in the third quarter here, we resumed selling S-ICD primarily to our IDE locations. And later in the third quarter, just recently, we've expanded that beyond our IDE facilities. So the good news is we are back in the market in our IDE facilities and we are expanding beyond that. And in terms of supply for 2014, we anticipate by first quarter 2014, we will not be supply constrained with S-ICD. So the team has made tremendous progress relocating our manufacturing facilities, reducing the variance and the supply chain, and we expect that we will not have supply constraints as we enter 2014. In terms of the margins, we've discussed this in previous calls, really no change here. As we continue to drive volume, it will improve the margins of S-ICD. And we'll provide additional guidance in the first quarter earnings call.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, sure. Mike here. In terms of the U.S. CRM market, overall, we agree with you. We think the market has stabilized. It's not a growth market yet. We still see the market in the low-single digits. And as you indicated, price is probably in the mid-single digits -- low to mid-single digits, offset by volume, gets us to low single-digit overall market for the U.S. But it has stabilized, and the good news, Scott Olson and our U.S. sales team are doing an excellent job in representing the portfolio. And we believe we're picking up some share in the de novo ICD market, as well as the de novo pacer market. So I think a lot of it is the pullthrough of the portfolio that's been invested in, as well as the EP investments that you're seeing. So with the S-ICD coming online, more so in fourth quarter and in 2014, we anticipate that trend to continue. And so, we're supportive. I'm pleased that the market is stabilizing, and we have a nice portfolio to fit into that.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, we probably wouldn't classify it as a tailwind. We probably classify it as neutral for us in 2014 in terms of the replacement market.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. We are anticipating an announcement hopefully in the fourth quarter here on approval in the U.S. for Promus PREMIER. In Europe, our strategy is pretty well known. We have a -- we believe we have the 2 strongest stent platforms offered in Europe right now with SYNERGY, which is really our premium price bioresorbable stent. They were backed by significant new clinical trials that Keith outlined in the call, followed by our Promus PREMIER, which has been recently launched in most countries in Europe as our true workhorse stent. And it's difficult to gauge the overall European market share, given the context that we were out of the German market for a number of months and now beginning to get back into that market in the fourth quarter. So we'll be able to flush out the true share numbers in Europe once this German issue has been neutralized. But in general, we're seeing very strong uptick for Promus PREMIER. Physicians, clearly, like chromium PLATINUM platform and the deliverability of the stent. And we're seeing -- we believe, once Germany -- once our supply is ahead in Germany, we'll see nice share gains in Europe across our DES platforms.
Michael F. Mahoney: That's our plan. We've been waiting for Promus PREMIER for 2 years now in the U.S. And we believe with Promus PREMIER and the combination of our complex CTO devices from BridgePoint, as well as our non-DES product line within Interventional Cardiology, we'll be able to gain share in 2014 in the U.S.
Michael F. Mahoney: It's really continuing to mature, our operations and supply chain. So we're comfortable in expanding the usage out beyond our IDE sites. And like any operation supply chain, it's building that capacity out. And we anticipate that, as previously mentioned, that it will be at full capacity in the first quarter 2014. So that's really just ramping up. The development work of 1.5 has been completed. The majority -- many of the components have already been approved by FDA. So we anticipate that the bulk of the 1.5 release will be approved by the end of this year. And we'll continue to ramp up and be in full capacity in the first quarter 2014.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. We'll provide more guidance on our 2014 estimate, and specifically with TAVR sales at our earnings call in January.
Michael F. Mahoney: It's Mike. We do anticipate expanding the launch of SYNERGY in Europe in the first half of 2014. We're also very mindful of maintaining discipline in our pricing strategy. We do see this as a premium price product with that tiered platform that we have. And so we want to be disciplined with our pricing strategy with it but we do see expanding that to a broader release in the first half of '14.
Michael F. Mahoney: We do have reimbursement for SYNERGY, but we're -- Dr. Dawkins, maybe you can outline some of the clinical efforts we have to try to further differentiate capabilities.
Keith D. Dawkins: Yes. From our point of view, Matt, we're going to present for the first time the full 120 patients of the REPRISE II CE Mark trial for Lotus. We've obviously presented previously the first 60 patients at PCL London Valves. So that's a full data set for the first time. There's also going to be some exciting new Vessix data, increased number of patients followed out to 12 months with Vessix. And obviously, there's a lot of upcoming updates of many of our trials. But I think we would highlight on the Interventional Cardiology side and the PI side the Vessix data and the Lotus data, REPRISE II data.
Keith D. Dawkins: Yes. We thought it was important to support this unique product with the polymer and the drug going away at 3 months with a good amount of data. So we have a number of investigator sponsored trials, which will start during late '13 and '14. We'll investigate formally more than 14,000 patients with SYNERGY against a number of other products, particularly looking at complex patient subgroups where acute delivery and acute performance is probably key. And then as I think you know, we're going to investigate a short -- a formal, short DAPT proposition, which will be adequately powered, unlike some of the data-gathering efforts that have been -- previously. And so, we are very excited with the commercial -- the full commercial launch, as Mike said, and the premium price point will be supported by strong clinical data. Obviously, we completed early the EVOLVE II IDE trial. We've also completed the QCA trial. And so, we now have, on the back of the first IVUS study, we have a good amount of randomized data to support SYNERGY.
Keith D. Dawkins: We are not publicizing the details of the IDE right now. We've completed discussions with the agency. Suffice it to say that it is an interesting protocol and it will involve U.S. and o U.S. sites.
