Michael F. Mahoney: It's Mike Mahoney. I'd just like to comment on that. For the quarter overall, we continue to see nice sustainable share and slight uptick in our de novo implants based on the heels of our INCEPTA, ENERGEN and INGENIO lines. As mentioned on the call, we continue to see some headwinds in the replacement market. And overall to your question on CRT-D, we see a stable to slightly declining share position in CRT-D offset by a slight increase in de novo overall ICD share.
Michael F. Mahoney: Good question. We're really optimistic about the trend. We're seeing continued lead percentages increase quarter -- actually month-over-month. So we continue to see an uptick in our leads based on the high performance, and that is an encouraging trend for the future. Clearly, we'd like to convert that to can sales as well, per your comment. So we're not satisfied with that can conversion yet, but we continue to have momentum on the lead side. And we believe over time, with the RELIANCE lead and our platform -- as it continues to roll out across the U.S. with our pin platform, our battery platform and the sustainability of our lead performers will be a positive trend for our business.
Michael F. Mahoney: Bruce, a couple of items. One is in terms of the overall market -- well, I guess, first of all in terms of the approval. As we indicated, we expect approval, clearly, in the first half of 2013. And hopefully, it will come sooner than that projection, which is great news. And that we've closed the deal -- it's been about 30 days since we closed the deal, and obviously, the integration teams are working closely together. On the market itself, what we talked about is approximately $750 million worldwide market in the future for this product. As you know, we're the only company that offers it. This a new opportunity for us. In terms of actual share projections, at this point we haven't called specifically what our anticipated share gains will be. We do believe this will drive share, not only in de novo implants with primary and secondary patients, but also in replacements, patients who already have tranvenous lead systems who would need a revision procedure. So we do believe there is share gain in both de novo implants and revision procedures, and it's a very large market. And I think as we go forward, we would provide more clarity in 2013 as what our share expectations will be.
William H. Kucheman: As you know, traditionally, this has been a market where share is difficult to move. And absent large onetime events, share has moved slowly. The good news is our portfolio position really has never been stronger at Boston Scientific, and I think if you look at our current platforms that we've launched this year and with the pending approval in the first half of next year at Cameron, we really had never had a better portfolio end to end in our business. So as we look forward, we're optimistic about the future of our CRM business.
William H. Kucheman: James, this is Hank. We see the fact, and I think we have alluded to this on previous calls, that we anticipated that due to the competitive trialing that we would experience, what we refer to as an air pocket, and we hit that air pocket. And the low point, as I said, was in April, and then we saw recovery in May and further recovery in June. So I'm very happy with where we landed as we exited the quarter. I think that momentum will continue, as I alluded to or described in my script, to where we get back in the 40s. One of the things to keep in mind is the fact that our PROMUS Element long length did not launch until late in the quarter. And we believe that, that will be a key contributor to not only stabilizing, but increasing our share position as we march through the second half of the year.
William H. Kucheman: I think it's multifactorial. I think what you hear us saying is we exited kind of in the 40% range here in the U.S., and I think with longs, we can improve up on that position. But if you look at the overall market, ASP pressure is still there, and the impact that we're seeing from the alignment of physicians with hospitals, as well as with RAC audits, are having an impact on the overall number of procedures that are being done. So if you add up all those factors, in terms of revenue that you put on the board, it tends to be a little bit less than more. But that's the way I would kind of handicap it at this stage in the U.S. for sure.
William H. Kucheman: On the pricing side, on the worldwide pacer market, we're seeing low-single digits, call them in the 2% to 4% range for pricing in pacer. We do believe with some of the new features of our INGENIO platform, which is the first platform we've launched in a decade at Boston Scientific, that as we continue to roll that product out it should improve the pricing profile. But currently, we're seeing that 2% to 4% negative range.
William H. Kucheman: The MRI-safe program for brady in Europe will be launched in the third quarter. And we'll actually do our first implants next week. So the MRI plan is on schedule in Europe.
William H. Kucheman: Well, this is Hank, Kevin. Bottom line, we're still on plan to launch a CE Mark-ed device in Europe next year. And as we discussed in the last call, we believe will be first demand later this year that, obviously, would lead us to that CE Mark indication in 2013.
Jeffrey D. Capello: James, this is Jeff. So the gross margins, frankly, were not a lot stronger than we expected. I think we are very clear with people that we thought that gross margins would expand as we went through the year. And the strength of PROMUS Element replacing PROMUS, that was a big part of our short-term cost opportunities in terms of expanding gross and operating margins, coupled with the benefits of getting manufacturing ramped up at our low-cost manufacturing facility down in Costa Rica, as well as our value improvement programs. So those initiatives are working. That was part of the plan a couple of years ago, and the team has executed pretty well despite some lower share within DES. So as you look at the gross margin picture year-over-year, the big factor was the PROMUS Element. That conversion to PROMUS, that was a significant part of the margin expansion. But also a big part of it was the standard cost reduction of moving a lot of our manufacturing down to Costa Rica and the consistent discipline of taking out at least 5% of our standard cost of goods sold. So those 3 factors more than offset the continued price erosion that we experienced. Looking forward, 68% to 69% is the guidance for the back half of the year. Frankly, for this quarter, if we had done better from a DES perspective and the CRM volumes have been stronger, we would've pushed a lot closer to 69%-plus. So this is all part of the plan that was put in place to drive up gross margin. And I think the team is executing pretty well in it.
Jeffrey D. Capello: James, just to be clear, we weren't in the high-40s at the end of the quarter. We were at 40%, right at 40%.
Jeffrey D. Capello: We're not going to get into a lot of detail. The most helpful thing we can point you to is as you look at other people that have come into the U.S. market with clinical programs, clearly, the FDA has been more specific and more expansive in terms of their expectation of clinical programs. And so we are kind of reading that signal and adjusting our expectations accordingly in terms of our expected spend.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, clearly, the performance in DES was a bit of a setback this quarter. Having said that, as we look at kind of the back half, despite a weaker second quarter DES-wise, as Hank has said, having the long stent -- the 2 sizes that we didn't have until the very end of the quarter will provide us a big shot in the arm of the back of the year. That, with a little bit better execution, we think, is going to get us back into the low-40s from a share perspective. And as you look at kind of the back half of last year, we ended last year with 46% share in DES, and we had 51% in the second quarter of last year. So we're up against easier comps in the back half from a stent perspective. So we think we'll kind of -- we'll recover, and we're seeing signs of that, so that's good news. The CRM market, we don't call from the beginning. Kind of you saw kind of for our kind of recordkeeping kind of 5% unit -- market declines in the first quarter of '11, 8% in the second quarter and then 10%, 10% was 3 and 4. So we're now seeing kind of some stabilization on the units, and we expect that to be kind of be -- unit-wise, kind of flattish, maybe slightly negative to flattish in the back half of this year. So the CRM market, we think, is going to stabilize. We kind of want to see Medtronic report before we officially conclude that. We think that's going to happen. So that means those 2 businesses, we think, will do better in the second half than we did in the front half. If you couple on top of the performance the other businesses, which represent 42% of sales this quarter, frankly, they all performed extremely well. And you put on top of that the emerging markets investment return that we expect [indiscernible]acceleration. So we're optimistic that we can get back to, hopefully, breakeven probably by the fourth quarter from a revenue perspective. Is there some risk in that? There might be some risk in that depending on the end markets. But we've got a number of favorable factors that we expect to benefit from.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, from where the company stands, frankly, I get this question all the time. You're buying back stock and the share price isn't moving. The reason the share price isn't moving isn't related to the share repurchases. It's related to the revenue. And once we reestablishe breakeven to slightly positive revenue trajectory, the share price is going to move. And it's going to move, I think, quite a bit. And we're going to look back at the share repurchases that we've done here over the last year and I think it's going to be a very good deal for the shareholders. So I'd say that, first of all. Second of all, the combination of driving the share count down at a low price with moving the revenue growth to positive and getting to low-single digits will be a much higher return for the shareholders than a dividend. So at this point in time, until we get the revenue growth back to positive, where we want it, a dividend is more of a third priority behind share repurchases and bolt-on acquisitions to drive the revenue of the company.
Jeffrey D. Capello: I think we'll continue to look at different assets and look at what they bring to Boston Scientific. That is a "search for needle in a haystack" type of approach. Because we do have some disciplined financial expectations, and we're going to be really critical of assets as we look at them. So it's just going to depend on what's available and what the value equation is for shareholders. So yes, we will be active. Yes, we will be disciplined. And very difficult to predict what will get done, but we'll continue to look pretty hard at adding technology that will improve our growth outlook.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, so, Kristen, I'm not going to get into intricate detail on the gross margins. But suffice to say, that the PROMUS Element conversion was the largest positive contributor. Slightly behind that was the benefits from moving more manufacturing to Costa Rica and the value improvement programs. And then the third factor was price, which was less than the other 2. So that's about as much detail as I'm prepared to get into.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, what's predominantly different is the size of the clinical trials the and involvement with regard to the FDA approval process. It really isn't much different relative to the European CE Mark process or timing. So it's more of the U.S. cost of getting through the clinical trial process.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So the price cuts in Japan tend to happen every 2 years as part of kind of their methodology that they set prices, and they weren't any different than we expected, kind of in line with trends in prior years. I'm not sure I have all the details to specify price cuts versus -- DES versus CRM, but there weren't terribly dissimilar, if my memory serves me correctly.
