Dan Brennan: Sure, Mike. I’ll take the FX question. So as I mentioned, the initial guidance we gave was $0.04 of FX headwind at the EPS line, and now we see that as $0.06 to $0.07. So don’t feel like it’s important. Our goal I still double-digit EPS growth, so we hold the EPS range at $0.88 to $0.92 and we’ll look to make tradeoffs in other parts of the P&L to offset that and still deliver within the $0.88 to $0.92, because at the high end of that range at $0.92 that’s still double digit for the year versus last year. So basically tradeoffs within the rest of the P&L.
Dan Brennan: Thanks, David. I think the way I’d describe that is that we have good visibility to getting to that 25%. And we think last year, we ended at 20%, 20.2%. And then 2017 is the 25%, so we need to average more than 100 basis points per year in order to get to that 25% number in 2017. And obviously are very focused on doing that. We did raise the low end of the operating margin guidance range for the full year to 22%, from 21.5%. So now our guidance is 22% to 22.5% for this year. And feel like that’s appropriate. Q2 should be a little bit lower, as I mentioned that. It should be between 21% and 22%. It’s historically as it was last year, the lowest OI quarter in a particular year given a lot of incremental trade show and Congress spending with HRS and PCR and DDW and a bunch of others. So look for that to go down in Q2 and then feel comfortable with the 22% to 22.5% this year, and good visibility to the 25% in '17.
Dan Brennan: Sure. I think starting with the Rhythm Management one, I think that’s what you’ve seen over the last 12 to 18 months, and that’s more than 100 basis points per quarter increases in Rhythm Management and again that’s a huge focus for Joe Fitzgerald and the team there. So I think that’s for Q1. It’s in line with what you’ve seen in terms of the activities that are driving that. CV obviously with the more than 600 basis points, that’s a bit of an anomaly. That generally is in the mid to high 20s. So that’s driven by a favorable product mix within IC, as you would expect. When drug-eluting stents do well and when overall the mix within IC does well, that drives more profitability within IC. I wouldn’t expect to see 30.6 going forward. I’d expect that to go back into the more traditional mid to high 20s. But obviously pleased to see that, given the mix that we had in the quarter. And the MedSurg, that’s lower than you’d expect to see at the 29. But overall, again, not a worry there. The growth was a little bit slower in urology at 3% and endoscopy at 4%. They drive – particularly endoscopy drives a significant amount of the profitability in the MedSurg franchise. As Mike and I both mentioned, we look for those numbers from a growth perspective to increase in Q2 and in the back half and that should take care of the MedSurg. I’m not worried about the MedSurg profitability.
Dan Brennan: I’m not sure you ever get to 100%, Matt. We’ve had some good wins as we exited 2014 and into the first quarter of '15, so feel like that’s becoming less of a headwind on that relative to the S-ICD.
Dan Brennan: Larry, this is Dan. So on the DES, I think that’s a trend for us just from a competitive perspective and the fact that we’re obviously a lot more diversified than we were when we started that process many, many years, I think we’ll give the global number and then potentially some growth rates, but not the specific numbers similar to some of our competitors on the DES front.
Dan Brennan: We didn’t give the specific emerging markets. I know Mike quoted a couple of specifics within countries with China in the mid 20s, but nothing specific.
Dan Brennan: The easy one is we don’t include AMS until that acquisition closes. So that is out of our guidance going forward until that acquisition would close. As you think of the rest of the year, particularly as you get into Q3 and Q4, there are some much more challenging comps particularly in IC. So we grew overall as a company. Operationally we grew 7% in Q3 and 7% in Q4. So the comps get a little more difficult as we get into the back half of the year, so feel like that 4% to 6% operational growth which would be 3% to 5% for the full year is a good number for organic growth.
Dan Brennan: Yes, 3% to 5% organic, which we describe as excluding the acquisition – excluding Bayer would be 3% to 5% and operational 4% to 6% for the full year.
Dan Brennan: Sure. I’ll take the first one. On AMS, it’s roughly 100 million a quarter, so that’s – and divide that by the months. And whenever we were to close – whatever your assumption is for closed, just add that in.
Dan Brennan: And encouraged with the 9% -- this is Dan, the 9% in the quarter for the Bayer business, because one of the reasons we acquired that business was to get into the fast growing atherectomy segment and to get a leadership position in a thrombectomy market. And with the integration ongoing and seeing that 9% overall growth for PI in the Bayer segment, that was nice to see as well.
Dan Brennan: I think that will give you a reason to come, Kristen. Yes, I wouldn’t want to tell you all the things that we’ll show but good opportunity for people to come on Friday and hear what we have to say.
Mike Mahoney: I’ll just continue to comment just briefly on the LOTUS, we’ll have quite a bit of time devoted to that on Friday during the Investor Day. At Investor Day we’ll actually give targets for 2015 in our structural heart business as well as 2016. So we’ll provide some more financial detail about an hour [ph] update there in terms of LOTUS. But overall, the program continues to build. We’re enrolling our U.S. IDE trial REPRISE III. We expect to have the trial enrolled by year-end 2015 and we continue to gain share in accounts that we’re selling in Europe. But we’ll provide a more detailed update on Friday.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. So we want to grow faster than the market and expand our margin throughout, double-digit EPS growth. And I think when you look at the rationale for many of those deals, it’s really about driving category of leadership and being the preferred clinical partner to our physicians. So take the Brainlab example. So we have a terrific spinal cord stimulation business. We’re very early with we think is a disruptive deep brain stimulation portfolio that we’re enrolling the IDE trial now in the U.S. and we’re approved in Europe. But we don’t have as much scale in the neuro industry. So Brainlab has an excellent relationship with neurosurgeons. They have excellent guidance in mapping capabilities and so they will prove to be a smart distributor for us to align with to help build our commercial capabilities and broaden the depth of that portfolio. Similar with Bard, we have we believe the strongest portfolio in peripheral vascular. We recently acquired the Bayer division, atherectomy and thrombectomy and you saw the breakthrough results in our early results of our drug-eluting stent trial in terms of patency rates. But we feel that the Bard alliance is a great complement to that. It brings us into the U.S. sales capability now with the drug-eluting balloon. And so we really use these JVs to help fill in potential areas in the portfolio that maybe gaps as we continue to drive category of leadership.
Mike Mahoney: I think we’re being pretty efficient. The performance of top line growth at 6 [ph], EPS growth ex-FX at 18 and strong margin improvement 250. And so really it goes back to the strategy of category leadership. And so we want to make sure the acquisitions we look at, it fits our strategic rationale and deliver strong financial returns. The AMS acquisition certainly meets this criteria in terms of nearly doubling the sales growth and ROIC that hits our targets at year three. And some of these alliances are a very cost effective way to extend our category leadership globally, whether it’d be the Bard alliance that we talked about or Brainlab. The Frankenman JV, we’re excited about it. It’s our first JV into China. That business has been growing plus 25% and gives us stronger local capabilities that will build on our R&D and manufacturing capabilities, and we think it will accelerate the growth in endoscopy. So we’re also very active in early private equity venture activity. So all these point towards either alliances, JVs or acquisitions that reinforce our category leadership goal and driving growth at or faster than market and driving margin improvement.
Mike Mahoney: We continue to see very strong growth in our core business. The majority of our business is growing faster than market based on recently approved pipeline. We had, as you know, the EMBLEM product in CRM recently approved. We’ll launch that in a more meaningful way in second half of the year. So we expect to see strong uptick of that, the WATCHMAN approval; so very strong cadence of product approvals in our core business. We’ll have synergy approved hopefully in fourth quarter in the U.S. And then consistent with our strat plan, we’re moving into some new adjacencies. Our TAVR portfolio is beginning to pick up, increased traction in Europe and we continue to strengthen our EP business. As Dan talked about, we’re not quite there yet but we did 6% in the quarter in EP and we’re beginning to build capabilities in mapping and make some advances in our therapeutic catheter line. So we kind of walked through all of the businesses, but essentially we’re pleased that in most of our business we continue to grow faster than market based on innovation and strong commercial performance. And many of our exciting pipeline therapies will be discussed this Friday and that gives us quite a bit of confidence as we look out over the longer term period, the strat plan.
Mike Mahoney: It’s Mike. We have a lot of confidence in the endoscopy business. Dave will highlight it for about 20 minutes on Friday. So last year, we grew 5%. First quarter, we’re down a little bit, 4%. We have a number of new product launches that just really are in process right now with the digital SPYGLASS being the primary one, which is beginning to ramp up in terms of its deliverability. And also some launches that Dave will discuss in the second half. So we have quite a bit of confidence that our endoscopy business will continue to be a strong mid-single digit grower and continue to drive operating margin improvement potentially with some upside in the emerging markets with the Xlumena acquisition and the Frankenman JV.
Mike Mahoney: We’ll spend some time on it Friday. We’re focused on our current 50 sites that did the original IDE trial and we’re opening those sites up again with the training programs. We’ve built up a significant capability with our training and proctoring and we’ll be reopening those sites beginning this quarter in the second half. And then after those first 50 sites are kind of reengaged, we’ll open up 50 new centers. So we have quite tremendous interest in the portfolio and the platform amongst electro-physiologists and interventional cardiologists. A lot of backlog patients that are waiting for it. So hopefully by the end of the year, we anticipate about 100 sites will be up and running with WATCHMAN. And then we see a market opportunity of about 400 sites over the next few years as we continue to develop and open up new centers.
Mike Mahoney: The Bard agreement is early, so we haven’t seen – we’ll see more benefit of the Bard deal kind of the back half, if you will, of second quarter and really in the second half of 2015. So really just beginning of tying down the loose ends of that agreement and we’re excited about that, but we didn’t see any impact of the Bard agreement in the first quarter. And the overall PI business, we’re excited about that, because the Bayer integration is going quite well. We’ve done the commercial integrations between the team and so we’re excited about the second half opportunities with our PI business given the portfolio, and very encouraged longer term as you look at the new Eluvia data that was highlighted this morning.
Mike Mahoney: Yes, so we’ve been competing with Cordis for a number of years. About 70% plus of their business is outside the U.S. And we’ve invested a lot in our interventional cardiology and structural heart and our peripheral business to drive category leadership. We have quite a bit of momentum. And so we’re comfortable on a couple fronts. We’re comfortable but we’re certainly always pushing to grow harder. One is I think we have some highly clinically differentiated platforms with structural heart, with synergy, with atherectomy and thrombectomy and our drug-eluting capabilities. So we think we have very unique innovation there. At the same time, the more commoditized products which is where really Cordis was, are very good, extremely low cost, very excellent manufacturing processes for those capabilities. So, many of those product lines are already commoditized today, many of those products aren’t driving the growth of the business and we manufactured them at great scale at very strong margins. So we always want to be mindful of new competitors but we continue to invest in not only innovation but also in lean best practices and efficiencies to ensure that we can manage some of the pricing challenges that we typically run into.
