Michael F. Mahoney: Yes. So thanks, Rick. Overall, we're pleased with where -- how we positioned SYNERGY right now. We have a 2 stent platform, as you know, at SYNERGY, and then we've also launched in Europe Promus PREMIER, which we think offers a differentiated portfolio. And with SYNERGY, we're rolling ahead of schedule in terms of our enrollment in the U.S. And in Europe, we believe we're being smart in terms of how we positioned the product. We do believe that this product deserves and warrants a pricing premium, and so we're being selective in terms of markets and customers that we're approaching with SYNERGY. And we will have a full-blown launch. We'll expand that launch in first quarter 2014 in Europe, and we'll continue to enroll. But we believe that two-tiered position is the way to go, and we'll launch in the first quarter 2014 and we'll continue to do the controlled launch in the appropriate markets that justify the premium price points that the product deserves.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Well on the -- in Investor Day, we talked about the S-ICD in quite a bit of detail. And we expect to continue to deliver the revenue that we discussed at Investor Day in 2013 for S-ICD. The revenue will be more heavily weighted to what we delivered in the first quarter and more heavily weighted to the back half of '13 based on the supply, but we expect to deliver that. So the -- it's not an issue of demand. As you know, the product was approved early, and so for a number of months, since we've acquired the company, we've been focused on boosting the supply chain and the capabilities with this device, so we can deliver at quality and at the right quantities. And this 1.5 release really is focused on that. And as you said, this 1.5 release will occur during the second half of the year. And we believe that we'll be able to really deliver the demand that's needed in the fourth quarter of 2013 and clearly as we go into 2014. So we'll begin to take the foot off the brake a little bit more in the third quarter. But you'll see us be able to increase our capabilities to supply in fourth quarter and clearly in 2014. And we expect to deliver the overall S-ICD guidance that we provided at the Investor Day.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, absolutely. We're actually pleased we delivered first quarter as we guided and the year looked -- we believe we're going to execute in 2013, similar to what we provide at the Investor Day were sequential quarterly growth. And we called the first quarter what we think will be our toughest growth, and improvement in the second quarter and a sequential improvement from there. The key factors of -- I don't want to go through the whole script, but the key factors, there's 4 of them, on why we believe we'll continue to improve the sequential growth. First one is our MedSurg and PI businesses. They continue to grow at or above market in markets that are healthier, led by Endo, the Spectra launch with Neuromod and the consistently growing PI and Urology business. And as a percent of overall BSC, that continues to grow slowly in terms of growth, in terms of the proportion of our revenue. So we think that will continue to make a positive impact each quarter in '13. The second big one, a wildcard, if you will, has been the performance of IC and CRM. And you saw a stabilization of share, we believe, in our global CRM business in the first quarter. And we expect that trend to continue, which is a strong turnaround from the previous years. Our IC business, we believe we had our worst quarter in the first quarter, and that will get better. We launched PREMIER in the second quarter in Europe. We had the full year for chronic total occlusion with our BridgePoint acquisition. And we believe a more efficient commercial organization to improve our performance in Interventional Cardiology. The adjacencies that you know about, we ticked through them during the call, the third point, are making progress in their milestones that we believe the adjacencies will deliver against the revenue that we called out at the Investor Day. And the fourth one is our BRIC. We continue to grow a solid 35% in that -- in those areas. So those are our 4-point plan there, and we believe we're executing to what we communicated at the Investor Day.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, I think on that, just to add some color to that. The pricing is similar, as Jeff said, in ICD. We believe we picked up some share in de novo ICD in the second quarter -- I'm sorry, in the first quarter, which helped our performance.
Michael F. Mahoney: And with respect to -- yes, with respect to Alair, we had a few comments there in the script. We certainly want -- we're very optimistic about this program, and we're making steady progress. We yet don't have the final reimbursement numbers that we have, but we've seen sequential improvement. Our Asthmatx business grew about 70% in the first quarter. We're opening new centers. We're seeing the high renewal rates in terms of reordering rates amongst the physicians that are using it. We applied a grant today a Category I CPT code in the first quarter. And we continue to make efforts to drive a reimbursement strategy to open up this market. And we think a key -- the key deliverable will be our 5-year efficacy data that we'll present either late second quarter, early third quarter. And we are hopeful that will be a trigger to help unlock some of the reimbursement that's been clogging the channel for Alair.
Michael F. Mahoney: Good. Well, why don't we first start off with Dr. Keith Dawkins who's on the phone. He was just at the Korea [ph] live event where Lotus was implanted live, so maybe he can make some comments.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yes, Keith, you can make some comments. What we'll be shooting for CE Mark approval will be 2 valve sizes, the 23 and the 27 that you're hearing the results on, and we'll continue to expand the portfolio of valve sizes over the future. With respect to the pacemaker rate, we'll be presenting some data at the upcoming PCR. But in general, we would assume that the pacemaker rate would be in line with the core valve product.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Within our BRIC markets, we continue to increase, not in dramatic ways, but we continue to increase the percent of the overall mix of revenue for BSC from BRIC. Historically, we've been at 3%, we moved up to 4%, now we're more approaching 5%. So it certainly is an important growth driver for us, and we expect to continue that 35% growth throughout the planning period here. I won't go through each country. We're very strong in Brazil. We're getting much stronger in China. We're building solid bases of business in India and Russia. And most often, our Interventional Cardiology, Endoscopy and Peripheral businesses are our large contributors of growth and operating income to those regions, those 3 business units. So we're obviously advancing all of our business units, but those 3 provide the greatest contribution.
Michael F. Mahoney: On the de novo front, we launched a new platform in 2012, the INCEPTA-ENERGEN platform, that has differentiated features and price points based on the customers' objectives, and that continues to make good progress. And there are many compelling features on it, the top 3: One, is we still believe it's the small, thinnest device that patients enjoy; secondly, the longevity of the device and our significant warranties to back that up; and third, the lead reliability. So those are 3 features that we think are differentiated and we believe are helping to contribute to some of the positive share gains we're seeing in de novo ICD implants. Okay, with that, we would like to conclude the call. Thanks for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Boston Scientific. Before you disconnect, Tony will give you all of the pertinent details for the replay. Have a great day.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. David, thanks for the question. So I'd say that in the first quarter, R&D was probably a little lighter than we anticipated. And a lot of that just has to do with kind of timing and when things happen in terms of trials and activities. Our guidance indicates that R&D, as a percentage of sales, will be between 11.5% to 12.5% kind of for the rest of the year. So that would be a bit of a step-up sequentially because we're at 11.6% in Q1. So I'd expect R&D would tick up here in the second and third quarters. Those tend to be slightly lighter quarters revenue-wise and then probably be kind of at the lower end of that 11.5% to 12.5% in '14 -- in Q4 as kind of revenue picks up in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So if you go back and look at our original guidance for the year, I believe it's $7,050,000,000 to $7,350,000,000. So we've lowered that by $150 million, both the high end and the low end for FX. The FX rates, obviously because of the yen, predominantly have just hit everybody. So we've taken $150 million off both ends of the ranges. And then, in essence, we added $50 million of revenue to the lower end of the range, and we took $50 million off the higher end of the range. So from a percentage basis, the guidance is predominantly affected by the FX, which affects everybody. So we still, as Mike laid out, are very focused and confident on our ability to kind of return to growth. And I think we've got a lot of positive things going for us in the back of the year.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, thanks, Glenn, for the questions. So our -- the worldwide CRM business was down 4% on a constant currency, organic basis. And our guidance would imply a low of down 7% to a high of up 3%, so the midpoint somewhere around 4% or 5%, so somewhat consistent with the first quarter. So I think we expect kind of more of the same, Q1 to Q2, being off the market in S-ICD. Obviously, it hurts us a little bit, but we see a lot of positive things, particularly in the pacer area with the INGENIO launch. So the performance is expected to be similar to the first quarter. And as I said earlier, given everything going on in the markets, I think we've leaned a little bit more conservatively on guidance and hopefully, we can exceed that.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So from a market perspective, Glenn, I think we continue to be somewhat optimistic about the pricing trends. As we identified back in mid-2012, we walked away from some business which was very price-sensitive. And given our portfolio and all the new technology we have coming to market that's differentiated, we intend to continue to be disciplined from a price perspective. We did see, in the first quarter, pricing activity that was better from a percentage basis than the fourth quarter and better than kind of the trend, so that's encouraging. So that's good news. The PCIs are kind of similar, kind of down, kind of low- to mid-single digits, so unchanged on that front. So overall, we were pleased with the sequential stabilization, if not, a slight uptick in share from Q4 to Q1. But the real interest is in the back half the year when we get Promus PREMIER and we continue to roll out our CTO devices and the rest of our technology kind of takes off.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. Well, on core ICDs, it's up I think we share -- from a share perspective. And my comment on pricing related to DES. I thought that's what you're referring to.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Just to clarify then, so the comments on pricing, I thought you'd switch to DES, my error. On the ICD side, the pricing is no different than what it was in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, Mike, one of the biggest differences is probably FX. And I think when the Street set their models was when we set our guidance. And at that point, we're expecting, I think, FX to be negative $10 million, and now it's negative $140 million. So it's almost $150 million negative impact of FX, and that's spread through the quarters. So what I would encourage the analysts to do is go back and kind of look at their models relative to FX because it was a $25 million negative impact in the first quarter. And I think I've said in the script it was something like $30 million, a negative in Q2? And we originally set guidance that was supposed to be minimal in Q2.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, sure. Thanks, Mike. So yes, so maybe the best way to do it is kind of bridge you off the fourth quarter to the first quarter, the fourth quarter of '12 to the first quarter. Why would margins be down 100 basis points? It's really 3 factors. One is a bit from a mix perspective. We had a slightly less rich mix of products, so that was about 1/3 of the impact. Another 1/3 was the Neurovascular distribution revenue that we had was actually higher in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter, and that was slightly unanticipated. So -- and again, as we've discussed before, that has -- basically, distributor's margin, very low margin. So that weighed on the margins. And then the third factor, which was roughly 1/3 as well, was that we ended up kind of taking our inventories down, maybe a little bit lower than we had thought we would initially, and that had an absorption impact that rolls through the margins in the first quarter. So 1/3 mix, 1/3 Neurovascular distribution being higher than planned and 1/3 absorption. If you look now, going forward, what do the margins do from a sequential perspective from the first quarter to the second, second to the third, is really kind of 3 factors. One is, we expect that our value improvement programs and our cost-saving initiatives will continue to be enough to offset from a margin percentage perspective price, and that mix will be less of a challenge. So we think those kind of neutralize, if not, slightly more favorable. What also happens is, from a Neurovascular perspective, our Neurovascular revenue, the distribution revenue, the striker drops off quite a bit from Q1 to Q2 and then again from Q2 to Q3. And in those step-downs, we get a margin uplift from those. So there's roughly a 50-basis-point benefit from Q1 to Q2 and then another 50 basis points from Q2 to Q3, from just basically taking that distribution revenue down from roughly $36 million in the first quarter to almost 0 in the third quarter. So you get a margin benefit from that. And the third factor is, from an FX perspective, with the rates are -- where they are today, that helps a bit from a margin percentage perspective.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, that's a good question. So if you go back and you look at what we've laid out relative at Investor Day in terms of expectation, the contribution of some of the adjacencies that we've entered, I would say that our expectation has not changed. We still feel pretty good about the expected contributions. And those really start to kick in, in Q3, and then, in a bigger way, in Q4. Certainly, there'll be some puts and takes, but overall, we feel pretty good about the contribution of adjacencies in addition to the new products that have been developed internally, the Promus PREMIER launch, the continued rollout of INGENIO and the other countless new products that come out within the MedSurg business.
Jeffrey D. Capello: So, Matt, it's Jeff. I'm not sure we would agree that the volumes are falling 10% from -- so exclusive of price, I think we would put that the PCI's probably down, probably kind of low- to mid-single digits. That's kind of our intelligence so far looking at what we track, what Abbott has tracked and, of course, we'll see what Medtronic reports. And price, obviously, is a negative on top of that. So we're more kind of low- to mid-single-digit PCI contraction year-over-year.
Jeffrey D. Capello: No, I think we've started to see that about 6 to 9 months ago. And that was kind of a dynamic that kind of maybe midpoint last year, and it was kind of reflected in our assumptions going forward for guidance and for the market.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, that's a good question. So we -- our hedging philosophy is to neutralize for FX. And so at any point in time, we are almost, pick a percentage, 90% hedged for the current year. And the next 12 months, depending on where you are in the year, the following 12 months, we're probably somewhere between 70% hedged and we're about 50% hedged for the third year. So when we see these types of dramatic changes in currencies like the yen, we're pretty much protected from an OI perspective. Now when we hedge operating income, we don't hedge at the revenue level. So you'll see fluctuations in our revenue, which is why the guidance comes down $150 million on the top line because we don't hedge the revenue. But it doesn't have a big impact from us -- for us from an operating income and an EPS perspective because we neutralize for that. You give up some of the upside, but you neutralize for the downside, which, in this environment, actually plays out pretty well for you.
Jeffrey D. Capello: The majority of them are -- run through the gross margin and some -- well, the impact hits you in kind of the gross margin and in some of the SG&A as well.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. Bruce, it's Jeff. So as I said in responding to Mike's question on margins, we would expect that the distribution revenue to the Stryker would go from kind of the mid-30s down to -- which is what it was $35 million off the top of my head, in Q1 down, it's like $20 million in Q2, down to pretty much 0 in Q3.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, Kristen, we're not going to get in to kind of contributions from each of the product lines. As I think Mike pointed out in his comments, we had a very strong result for the first quarter at CRM, despite the fact that we weren't on the market much with the S-ICD device. So I think we'll probably leave it at that.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes, it's a very good question, Kristen. So as you have noticed in the earnings release, we have -- as we've discussed, we've moved towards these global business segments. And now we will be disclosing the operating income profitability of Cardiovascular, Rhythm Management and MedSurg on a regular basis. I'm going to take you back and answering your question to the Investor Day. We clearly had outlined a game plan to improve our overall company operating margins by at least 600 basis points over the next 5 years. And frankly, the Rhythm Management business was a big piece of that. The reason why they are lower than we'd like them to be, and perhaps some of our competitors, one factor, obviously, has been the market declines and some of the historical issues we've had. But the second issue, which is pretty important is, we are investing aggressively in that business, both the Cameron acquisition, the Rhythmia acquisition, the Atritech acquisition have all added significant investments in research and development and commercial operations. So that's important to understand. Now why does it change? Certainly, what you're seeing now is kind of the weight of all of those investments and not much of the return. So as we finish the R&D programs and as we get through kind of the commercialization investment and the revenue starts to take off in the back half of the year and into '14, you're going to see a pretty dramatic change in the profitability because right now it's weighed down by all those investments and not much revenue. And into the back half of this year, starting in the back half of this year and into next year, you get the release of some of that investment because we're through some of those programs, and then you start to get the revenue at pretty good margins. So that in combination with the revitalized portfolio of our core business, which frankly is doing very well if you look at kind of our results relative to at least St. Jude's on the core CRM side, we had a pretty good quarter relative to them. And then you look at our differentiated platforms, S-ICD, WATCHMAN getting into higher growth markets. The EP space is a focus for us with the Rhythmia acquisition and all of the investment we're doing at EP, as well as all the productivity initiatives. In the second quarter, we announced -- of '11, a restructuring program. And at the end of January, we announced an expansion of that program. A lot of that benefit from a cost perspective flows through the Rhythm Management business. So we expect to be able to grow that business, and with these new acquisitions kind of taking off in the back half of the year and next year to lead a significant operating margin improvement. So as you come back to kind of the 600 basis points of overall company margin improvement, we would expect that the CRM -- the Rhythm Management segment would benefit disproportionately from those programs and from those activities.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Okay. Well, so from an SG&A prospective, you're right, it did trend down as we went through the year in 2012. We do expect it to trend up slightly in Q2 and Q3 based on some of the commercialization investments that we're making to bring the TAVR product to market, which we expect to hit the market in the back half of the year; the Vessix product to the market; as well as a unit kind of rollout of Promus PREMIER in Europe now, and in the back half of the year, for the U.S. So we expect it to uptick slightly in Q2s and Q3s from a percentage perspective, so hopefully that's helpful. So that's from an SG&A perspective. From a royalty perspective, we do expect it to trend down in the back half of the year because what happens is the percentages, those tiers and the royalty arrangements, where you get to a certain tier of revenue, and the percentage actually drops. So if you sell more, the percentage goes down. As a result, the overall average percentage drops down as you go through the year. And that's consistent with pretty much every year.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Yes. So on the pricing trends, I would say that the -- we weren't encouraged by the pricing -- we -- encouragement had happened to us in terms of pricing in the first quarter. So we've been very conscious and have conceded some share historically to kind of walk away from situations where the price was not commensurate with the value we were delivering. And we'll continue to kind of be pretty disciplined, and I think that is actually getting slightly better for us. So I'd say pricing -- so obviously, you make that comment with a little bit of hesitation because you don't know what's going to happen, but we were encouraged by what we saw in the first quarter from a pricing perspective.
Jeffrey D. Capello: Well, I'd say certainly product differentiation is pretty important, right? If you back up 1 year, 1.5 years ago, you had 2 products that are completely identical in PROMUS and XIENCE, just different boxes. And so now, we certainly feel that our PROMUS Plus stent in the U.S. is better than anything on the market, and we're marketing it as such. And when we come out with Promus PREMIER, we think that's another step forward from a product prospective. So -- and we intend to sell the product for its value, and so we think that's what's driving some better comparables from a pricing dynamic perspective. Europe's a little bit more of a challenge given the macro factors and the austerity measures, that pricing erosion is a little higher upper-single digit, if not kind of low 10% over the board than that, and that's just all driven by the austerity measures.
