Lauren Tengler: Thank you, Andrew. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. With me on today’s call are Mike Mahoney, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Brennan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We issued a press release earlier this morning announcing our Q3 2022 results, which included reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in the release. We have posted a copy of that release as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in today’s call to the Investor Relations section of our website under the heading Financials & Filings. The duration of this morning’s call will be approximately one hour. Mike and Dan will provide comments on Q3 performance as well as the outlook for our business, including Q4 2022 and full year 2022 guidance, and then we'll take your questions. During today's Q&A session, Mike and Dan will be joined by our Chief Medical Officers, Dr. Ian Meredith; and Dr. Ken Stein. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on the call, operational revenue growth excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuation and organic revenue growth further excludes acquisitions and divestitures, for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales. Relevant acquisitions include -- excluded for organic growth are Preventice, FARAPULSE and Lumenis Surgical, which closed in March, August and September of 2021, respectively; as well as Baylis Medical, which closed on February 14, 2022. Divestitures include the BTG Specialty Pharmaceuticals, which closed on March 1, 2021. Guidance excludes the previously announced agreement to purchase the majority stake of M.I.Tech, which is expected to close by year-end 2022. For more information, please refer to our financial and operating highlights deck, which may be found on our Investor Relations website. On this call, all references to sales and revenue, unless otherwise specified, are organic. This call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, which may be identified by words like anticipate, expect, may, believe, estimate and other similar words. They include, among other things, statements about our growth and market share, new and anticipated product approvals and launches, acquisitions, clinical trials, cost savings and growth opportunities, our cash flow and expected use, our financial performance, including sales, margins and earnings, as well as our tax rates, R&D spend and other expenses. If our underlying assumptions turn out to be incorrect or if certain risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include those described in the Risk Factors section of our most recent 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs filed with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date, and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update them. At this point, I'll turn it over to Mike for his comments.
Lauren Tengler: Thank you, Dan. Andrew, let's open it up to questions for the next 35 minutes or so. [Operator Instructions] Andrew, please go ahead.
Lauren Tengler: All right. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Boston Scientific. If we were unable to get to your question or if you have any follow-ups, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Before you disconnect, Andrew will give you all the pertinent details for the replay. Thank you.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Robbie. I think, obviously, early to comment on 2023 specifically. But I think I can probably give you some commentary that would be helpful. First, you mentioned share count. That shouldn't really be a driving factor, because I mentioned on the conversion of the MCPS, that, that shouldn't really impact next year's EPS once converted. Let me look at Q3 first, though. If you look at EPS for the quarter, given the reported revenue at the high end of the range, it's probably reasonable to expect that we would have been at the high end of the EPS range, which was $0.43 to $0.45. We achieved $0.43, which is $0.02 lower than the 45. $0.01 of that is from the incremental FX headwind and $0.01 is from lower operating income percentage versus expectations in the quarter. I think the FX impact, I think, is well understood, given the strengthening of the US dollar, so not a lot of additional commentary there. Relative to our operating income percentage, the goal is to be 26% for the full year. And this involves balancing certain initiatives to reduce expenses in the short term to offset the supply chain and inflation headwinds, while at the same time, continuing to fuel our top line, which has been performing very well. If you look at the P&L components of a 26% adjusted margin scenario in 2022, it would likely have gross margin higher than 2021, SG&A lower than 2021 and R&D slightly higher than 2021. And we think this is appropriate. And keep in mind, as Mike said, this would be 70 basis points higher than the 2021 adjusted operating income margin full year of 25.3% and in line with the 2021 second half and importantly, in line with 2019 full year while absorbing $375 million of supply chain and inflation headwinds compared to 2019. So I feel very good about how we're balancing that and looking at that 26% as a very successful number for the year. Specific to 2023, again, our goal is always to continue to increase operating margin, long-standing goal of doing that 50 basis points per year. If you look at the 25.3 last year, we'll be 70 basis points, as I said, advanced on that in 2022 if we hit that 26. And then even with where we were in 2019 and the second half. So more to come as we evolve and deliver guidance likely in that February timeframe, but I feel good where we are in 2022 and look forward to continuing the journey in 2023 and beyond.
Dan Brennan: Yes, right, got that. Specific to Q4, so your math is right, right? We're 25.5% year-to-date adjusted operating margin. So it implies a 27.5% for the fourth quarter to get to the full year 26%. We believe we have the plans in place to do that. There's a bit of a seasonality that helps if you look back over the past few years, Q4 is usually the highest margin quarter we have, both gross and operating. So, we're looking for that trend to continue here in Q4. So -- but yes, it requires a strong Q4, but we believe we have the plans in place to deliver that. Specific to 2023, I probably can be a little bit helpful on that. I think somewhat unique to us in our hedging program, we do hedge out multiple years in that program. So, as I mentioned in my commentary, we are largely hedged for 2023. So, if rates were to stay where they are today, I think you'd likely see an impact in 2023 of pretty similar to what you see this year on earnings per share. Recall, at the operating margin percentage level, you don't see much benefit from FX. You see that in the gross margin. But then because our -- the majority of our OpEx dollars are dollar-denominated, you lose that in the OpEx section of the P&L. So, the operating margin contribution from FX is very minor. So, not much to talk about there. But relative to EPS impact, I would say, likely similar to what you see this year, assuming rates remain constant.
Dan Brennan: Yes, it's really. It's really just a balance within the P&L. So if you think of where we are versus 2021, you'll see higher gross margin, you'll see lower SG&A and you'll see slightly higher R&D. So we're balancing the P&L to try and offset the $375 million of headwinds that we have versus 2019. And just maintaining the appropriate level of spend in that R&D line to continue to fuel the top line. So that's really the only tweak within there. So making sure that we fuel the top line, while still trying to offset the supply chain and inflationary headwinds.
Dan Brennan: Yes. I don't think we're going to get into the specifics of the quarter. I mean, we're -- I think the revenue results stand on their own. We're super proud of the 11.5% organic growth in the quarter. So I think that speaks for itself. Relative to Q4, obviously, we're giving guidance today. We know where we are through October through -- where we are in October. And Neuromod, as Mike said, Neuromod is probably a bit challenged in Q4 versus what we might have expected 90 days ago. But the rest of the business has tremendous momentum. And again, super proud of the 11.5% that we delivered in Q3, again, with most of those businesses in double digits.
Dan Brennan: I think it's really just the comp, which is the better part of 250 basis points more difficult. And Neuromod is lower than the average of the rest of the businesses. But as we've continued to say, six of eight double-digits in Q3, continued momentum with a lot of the good new product launches we have, both in the US and internationally. So, I think the business has great momentum. And I think once you clear for the comp, it's a great Q4. And if we delivered 9% organic revenue growth for the full year versus 2021, I think that will be a great year for the company.
Dan Brennan: We think the volume is pretty good. And there is certainly pent-up demand, but it's been in the system for a while. You look at your typical backlog, whether it be a knee replacement or a Afib product or whatever, a men's health implant. Oftentimes, you're getting a 60 to 120-day wait in the US. And so there's certainly pent-up demand. But I don't see that getting cured in the near-term. I think there's just a very strong patient demand. There is a bit of a staffing shortage -- there's only so many labs that a hospital has to do procedures. And so we see pretty strong volume, which I guess is a good sign for the future here despite some of the staffing shortages and just hospitals extremely busy, lab time very busy and demand that outstrips their supply in many cases that drive the waitlist. But we don't see that waitlist dramatically changing in the coming months.
Dan Brennan: Sure, Matt. A lot to chew on in that question. So, the -- first, I agree with your assertion. The $1.71 to $1.74 from the $1.74 to $1.77 adjusted earnings per share guidance for the year, that is FX. That's down $0.03. FX is the FX impact on EPS was $0.03, it is now $0.06. So that is the difference for the $1.71 to $1.74 change in guidance. On the revenue for Q4, your comment that it appears conservative. I think it's appropriate. I think we've looked at all the different variables that are there, the momentum in the business and we think that the guidance we gave is appropriate. And I think for 2023, I think it's just a bit early. I mean I gave you a little bit of a teaser there on FX, given where we are with our hedging program. But I think other than that -- and obviously, that our goal is to continue to expand operating margin over time. But other than that, I'll probably just let you wait until we give guidance officially on all the specifics. But super excited about how the company has performed this year and look forward to continuing that trend in 2023 and beyond.
Mike Mahoney: Larry, yes, we're quite proud of the performance nearly every business grew double-digits and faster than the peer group and every region as well. You saw the growth in Europe and China all over. So we're quite proud of the results in the quarter and really through the year. Neuromod, they're really broken down in two pieces. The deep brain stimulation franchise is doing extremely well, growing strong double-digits, US, Europe, and a nice pipeline. And we're not seeing really some of the macro headwinds in the DBS business. On the spinal cord stimulation business, as you know, this market has been tough to call. Really over the past few years during the pandemic. And now as we're essentially hopefully getting out of the pandemic. The markets, we think, in the low single-digits to potentially mid-single-digit range now. So it has come down a bit in terms of the overall market growth rate, we believe. What's hurting the market, not necessarily Boston Scientific as you've seen some competitive results already, and you've seen this trend throughout the year, has been in the spinal cord stimulation market in the US. And we're seeing more preauthorization denials in the US. We are seeing strong patient funnels. So our team is essentially really focused on building additional capabilities to help our physician customers manage those preauthorization trials. These patients need the products. The products obviously work. I think it's more of an industry challenge right now. And we're working with them to streamline that authorization process to get patients through the funnel and position to get paid. So we do anticipate that headwind will persist in fourth quarter. Hopefully, it will get better in 2023. Us, like our competitors, will have easy comps in 2023 based on this so that helps mathematically. But fundamentally, we need to improve the -- help our patients and customers with this preauthorization hiccups and some of the capabilities we're building into the system with that. But I think it's more a class issue right now than a Boston Scientific issue.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. The WATCHMAN business had a terrific quarter. It grew 26%. The bulk of that growth coming from the US. We have launched recently in Japan, albeit a bit slower given the COVID situation there and the need for more proctoring, but that should have a bigger impact for us in 2023. Similar results in China, I would say same commentary. A bit slower out of the gate given some of the COVID restrictions, but should get better in 2023. We've also continued to gain share in Europe, which I think is important. But by far, the most important market is the US and the team there has done an excellent job. It's really a comment similar to previous calls. You did call out the DAPT label. That did have some additional momentum for us in third quarter as some physicians, kind of, converted back to WATCHMAN FLX now that we've had that label. And really, it's the consistent ease of use, the safety benefits, and the support that the implanting cardiologist or EP is receiving from the refer. The referring community is getting more and more confident in WATCHMAN, in particular, each quarter. And so we expect the market to continue to be quite healthy. We're calling it roughly 30% growth. We're investing in the clinical trials that you're aware of with option and champion to further widen the market opportunity for it. And we have a very strong pipeline of new products coming behind what is already differentiated from our competitor WATCHMAN FLX product. So, we think we're in a really good position here and we're going to continue to grow the market and invest to have this be one of our top growth drivers.
Mike Mahoney: I'll just comment. There's a lot of focus on with AdvaMed society and others on advocating for that R&D amortization to reverse. So that is a one-timer that will annualize in 2023. And if you neutralize that and some of the FX were strong double digits for the year.
Mike Mahoney: Yes. You asked about the regions. You saw the US performance in third quarter and for the full year is quite strong, but also a particular strength in Europe and Asia-Pac. And our China business grew over 30% in the quarter. It's done extremely well this year based on the diversification of the portfolio and the product launches. And really the innovation of the team in China. And also shout out to the European team in a very mature market, continues to grow double-digits in the kind of Western more established markets and very strong double-digits in the emerging markets there. So, you're seeing really balanced growth across each region throughout the year. And many of those products, as I mentioned in the script, in Europe, particularly in EP, we're working on clinical trials to get these products through and improved in the US.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. On the hospital staffing, you've seen some of the big public companies, hospital change report. Maybe it's gotten incrementally better, but certainly still quite a challenge for hospitals. Despite that, the procedure volumes are quite healthy. Despite some of the staffing shortages, could they be a little bit better. If the shortage were improved likely. But they're doing a nice job of managing it. And it's forcing us to be innovative with them on reducing procedure times, which we continue to do, find ways through our portfolio. So, staffing may be slightly better, but still a very tough environment for hospitals. It might provide some upside over time as that gets better, but it's going to get better, more slowly, not overnight. And the other headwinds we talked about I think the $375 million-ish of incremental supply chain, bucketed supply chain costs versus 2019. And the biggest -- we are seeing some slight improvement in some of the freight areas, and we expect some slight improvements ongoing there in 2023. The bigger bucket that's most impactful is the product cost. The material cost, the supplies and raw materials that we purchase. And due to some of the shortages there we have tied up some longer term contracts to ensure supply, but those have come at more hefty price increases. So that bucket, we don't see getting better in 2023. So, we think we'll carry that forward in 2023 as you annualize those contracts. Some of the other areas will get more efficient the productivity of our manufacturing plants and so forth. So, as Dan mentioned, we expect to carry many of the supply chain headwinds primarily for material cost into our 2023 plans. But similar to this year, we did improve margins 70 bps versus 2021. Our goal will be to continue to improve margins in 2023 and manage through that.
Mike Mahoney: Sure. What you've seen in the performance this year is pretty consistent across all of our divisions, six of eight grew double digits in the quarter. And you've seen similar performance throughout the year because of the innovation and commercial teams that we have. And our -- each quarter, as we mentioned many times, the lower growth markets, the mix of those businesses get smaller each quarter and we layer on M&A and new innovation to grow faster. So that's kind of our formula, and it's proven to work pretty well. As we look in some of the decisions that we make, we're very excited about the portfolio of significant launches that we have. Most of the significant -- very significant, move the needle launches are more in the 2024, 2025 period, and that's where you're seeing the great growth in Europe, whether it be our ACURATE neo valve, the Agent balloon that we're excited about, which we think will change really the script in coronary and that will launch next year in Japan. And as Dr. Stein just mentioned, our EP portfolio with FARAPULSE and cryo is doing exceptionally well outside the US, and we have other launches. So that does require quite a bit of R&D and clinical work. We'll be starting a persistent trial with FARAPULSE in the coming months here. So we think our R&D spend is appropriate to fuel that consistent above peer market growth over the LRP. In 2023, we'll give guidance in February. We will have a bit tougher comps in 2023 based on the performance of the estimated 9% growth this year. But if you look at -- we're excited what 2023 will bring, and we'll give more guidance there. But if you look at the company, and what we have for the future based on what we're seeing in Europe and the clinical science that we're delivering, whether it be in our Interventional Oncology business or EP business, we're quite confident in the next LRP that will consistently grow above peer group.
Mike Mahoney: Yes, I think -- thank you. I think it's similar to the last response. It depends on the region of the world. We did see a slowdown in third quarter in Japan. And you see pockets in China and sometimes pockets all over the world depending on what happens with COVID. But overall, that's been smoothed out with the underlying pretty good procedure growth and us doing a bit better. And so again, I think as you look to fourth quarter and 2023 here, staffing shortage still is an issue. It's not going to be resolved in 2023. Hospitals are being very innovative to try to shore that up. But a strong patient demand, common to see longer wait list. So, we do see pretty consistent demand, but we don't see a quick fix for the staffing shortage. But the underlying demand still strong despite that.
Mike Mahoney: I'm really much more to comment on. The team does quite a bit with our clinical studies that we do for product approvals. It's a well-accepted therapy across -- it's been -- it's a pretty mature market in terms of number of competitors and clinical science that's actually increased quite a bit the last few years. Part of it is the payers. We certainly work with our hema teams to contact those payers directly and reemphasize that clinical evidence. But it's really a bit of just some of the recent preauthorization denials that just need to be worked through in terms of their efficiency. And we aim to improve that process.
Mike Mahoney: I don't think it's related to any -- it's not related -- the slowdown is not related to any poor clinical data. There's good clinical data at Boston Scientific and our peer group and it's well established by the implanter, whether it be a pain physician or an orthopedic physician. It's well proven out. I think it's working through some of the mechanics of these preauthorization denials is the issue. But I also think overall, the market is a bit slower, even excluding that than it was historically.
