Michael F. Mahoney: Yep. Yeah. Good morning, Bob. Thanks for this question. Overall, the market growth we see consistent with what we've mentioned in the past, kind of playing in 3% to 4% growth markets overall for Boston Scientific. And similar to our Investor Day presentation, we're investing in the faster growth markets that would basically accelerate the growth profile another 100, 200 basis points in the markets that we serve. So, with kind of similar growth rates in IC and Cardiology and CRM kind of in the low-single-digit range and more in the 4% to 5% market growth rates for our MedSurg. But I guess what we're most proud of is really, across the board, with the exception of CRM, we're growing – and EP, we're growing significantly faster than our competition. And that's really driven by our product launches and really excellent global execution. We're really pleased with the growth in Asia. Profit almost 15%, very strong growth in Japan, very strong growth in Europe. So, across our businesses or regions, our teams are really delivering. In terms of your question on Endo and Urology, we're very thoughtful about the AMS acquisition and we're seeing the benefits of the commercial synergies between those organizations given the additional commercial footprint that we have as well as the broadness of the bag. And you're seeing that with a really acceleration of our legacy Urology division, in part due to the synergies of our AMS business. We continue to invest in physician training for our Stone Institute, and we continue to benefit from the category leadership based on the premise of the AMS acquisition. In Endoscopy, it's a very innovative division, and we continue to lead innovation with our digital SpyGlass system which is really a terrific platform for us that we can continue to build from, and that also helps drive pull-through of our core portfolio. So, the R&D teams are executing as well as the commercial teams, and we continue to be committed to our durable mid-single-digit revenue growth, our operating margin expansion, and our double-digit EPS growth over the long term.
Michael F. Mahoney: That is a multipoint question. Thanks, Dave. Just overall we are pleased with our performance in the quarter. We took the guidance up from 4% to 7%, to 6% to 8% organically, not impacting AMS. And as I mentioned, the businesses and regions are performing at a nice level. As we look, we obviously anticipate a solid second quarter given our 6% to 8% guidance in second quarter. We do face a couple headwinds throughout the year. We do anniversary some key product launches in our Peripheral Vascular as well as our Endoscopy business. We do anticipate some Japan reimbursement cuts that we'll be working through. And we're very bullish on our WATCHMAN program, but we're also anniversarying the initial launch. So, there are a few headwinds but overall, we have an excellent product cadence. The business is performing well. And we feel comfortable with raising our guidance to 6% to 8%. On the Cardiology side, we're seeing excellent – our strategy play out. We continue to diversify our Interventional Cardiology portfolio. As we've talked in the future, we really see, in the future, about a third of our business coming from Structural Heart, about a third from Imaging and complex coronary, and about a third from drug-eluting stents. And across those three slices of the pie, we're doing a nice job of delivering in the short-term and investing for the long-term. Our SYNERGY program is really going as planned. We're on track for SYNERGY to represent about 50% of our mix at a appropriate premium price. And physicians continue to see the benefit of the deliverability and the excellent zero-step thrombosis at beyond the first 24 hours, so excellent clinical data there. Our Complex Coronary business continues to do well as well as our imaging business. And in Structural Heart as Dan mentioned, I'm actually over in Korea as we speak here. We just had a live case from Australia today and just physician reaction to the deliverability and low PVL rates of our Lotus valve continues to be very high. And so, we are really increasing our investment in that category, given the size of the market potential in the future, and also given the differentiation that we believe that Lotus delivers and our commercial capability. So, hopefully that gives you a bit of flavor. We're pleased with our raise on the guidance and we'll manage our headwinds to continue to hopefully deliver revenue growth at the top tier of our sector.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. Good morning, Mike. We don't see a big change in the market from our peers that have reported. We were seeing a 1% to 4% growth rate with the exception of one, which is higher than ours. So, we do feel like we're growing faster than most of our peers. And I also think we're going through maybe a bit of a cycle of some good innovation and some mix benefit. We clearly see a lot of enthusiasm, for example, for S-ICD, despite our headwinds in the near term on MRI, which we're pleased with the pace for approval, we're getting nice mix benefit from S-ICD as well as global uptick of the S-ICD, particularly in Japan. And I think our strategy of category leadership, which we've really stressed for a number of years now is starting to pay off. Many of the large systems in the U.S. are willing and wanting to partner with Boston Scientific given our current platform as well as the pipeline that we've committed to. So, I think the markets are steady. We have a nice pipeline that's helping some of our mix benefit. And I think, importantly, we're really building up our capabilities outside the U.S. Our Asia business grew very well. And just this year, we've done a grand opening for our Malaysia plant. We have a new R&D center in India. We have new training centers. So, our capabilities in Asia are significantly stronger than they used to be. So, that's also helping to strengthen our business.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. I think it really speaks the category leadership. So, two words that get used a lot in the industry, but I think we're delivering it. We have an excellent portfolio. Interventional Cardiology, as I mentioned, I'm in Korea here at this large conference. And we believe we have the best drug-eluting stent in the marketplace. We have an excellent imaging platform with IVUS and we're launching FFR. We're the leaders in chronic total occlusion. We have the WATCHMAN product for interventional cardiologists who want to implant it, and a very promising and differentiated TAVR valve. So, I think our category leadership strategies are working in cardiology, and similarly in Peripheral Vascular with our – I won't go through all of them, but the Bayer acquisition, really has exceeded the investment models that we've had in terms of synergies and growth. And our drug-eluting stent platforms with the stents and the balloon are doing quite well.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Rick. Just regarding our CRM performance broadly and I'll comment on the replacement headwind. It's really as we projected almost a year ago. We knew we were going to have some challenges in the U.S. Our Asia business, our Japanese business and our European business in CRM are doing quite well and growing either at or above market. And the two launches will help us improve growth, we anticipate, in the second quarter and for the second half. And also the team continues to improve operating income margins despite negative growth in the quarter which is good to see. On the replacement headwinds, we don't have any additional breakdown of data that we're going to provide on this call. But I will say – and I think in the future we'll consider providing some additional detail so we can quantify that – but similar to our last call, I do think we have brighter days ahead of us in CRM, with a pacer MRI approval, with a Quad approval. We've also initiated our MRI approval for our defib platform which we see getting approval in mid-2017. So, the portfolio is very strong. We'll have EMBLEM MRI likely approved in U.S. in third quarter. And so, we do see the headwind of the replacement cycle improving at the end of 2016, which will help us in 2017. So, with a product cadence and improve replacement cycle headwind, we see some brighter days for our CRM business. And in the future, we'll look at quantifying more precisely some of the benefit of that tailwind on the replacement cycle.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yep. WATCHMAN team is doing a nice job. Most importantly, we continue to believe in our $175 million to $200 million in Structural Heart revenue guidance. We're on track as planned to open up another 100 centers, and we, again, continually have very thoughtful training program. The NCD's a very good outcome for us and it really reassures and strengthens our view as to the potential size of the market. And we invest, as you mentioned, in clinical specialists. We're investing in physician training and really to build up the market the appropriate way. So, we're really delivering as planned and we're very pleased with the outcomes and the enthusiasm with WATCHMAN globally.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yep. Sure. We feel comfortable with it. I think we've been reasonably accurate on the forecast for some of these big product approvals with the Quad and the MRI pacer. So, we're looking at call it mid-2017, maybe to hedge that a bit, third quarter 2017 for approval of our tachy MRI product.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Bob. First, quickly on the calendar, no, we don't believe there's an extra impact in Q1. There was obviously a leap year day. But then when you factor in the timing of the Easter holiday, believe it's a true 8% growth for the quarter organically. Relative to operating margin, so I think when you look at Q1 at the 25%, and then you look at the 24.25% which is the midpoint for the full year, one of the key changes there is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the reinvestment of the medical device tax benefit over the rest of the year. So, little delayed in Q1 getting off to that start, but committed to reinvesting the entire amount for the rest of the year, so that's one. And I think there's R&D timing as well in Q1, so, our Q1 R&D was 10.7%. If you look at the guidance range, you'd see 11.5% at the midpoint. Part of that's the med device tax reinvestment, and part of it's just the timing of overall R&D. So, that's another 80 basis points there going from the 10.7% in Q1 to the overall average of the 11.5% for the full year. So still, as you look at the 24.25%, still significant growth versus last year, 190 basis points, and feel good that we're striking a good balance between delivering differentiated adjusted operating margin and investing for a continually growing top line for the future.
Daniel J. Brennan: No, David. I think it's just the rounding of 3%. The way we see it is 3%. So, it's just a little bit in the rounding of the numbers.
Daniel J. Brennan: And Rick, I would probably just add one little bit of color on the replacement headwinds as well. It's kind of a tale of two pieces within the franchise there. So, as Mike said, as we head into the end of 2016 and more likely 2017, you'll see the – more of a tailwind on the CRT-D side – and then it's more of an ending 2017 into 2018 on the traditional transvenous ICD side. So, there's a little bit of a bifurcation on that one. So, a little bit extra color.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah, Vijay, thanks for the question. We're not going to get too specific in terms of the growth rates by geography. Obviously, we think of Japan, we had approval for SYNERGY early in the quarter, so we're off and running there. We're on offense there. We had SYNERGY in the middle of the fourth quarter in the U.S., so strong growth there in stents. And Europe which has had SYNERGY for a long time is still doing very well. So, no, I don't want to quote specific numbers for each of the regions there. And I think, overall, I think Mike's commentary around CRM was pretty detailed, that if you think of – we're doing very well in Japan. We're doing well in Europe. And the CRM softness has been more of a U.S. product gap issue and we've hopefully solved a couple of those product gaps with the recent Quad approval and with the MRI safe brady approval.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. We've stated publicly before that by 2020 we believe we'd be at 27% to 28% operating margin, just at operating margin as a company, and the 25.1% is a great start to the year. But as I mentioned, the average for the year should be between 24% and 24.5%. And as always, we seek to strike that balance between delivering the adjusted operating margin and ensuring that durable consistent revenue growth for the long term. And if you look at our numbers this year, if you look at 6% to 8% organic revenue growth, 190 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion at the midpoint of the range and adjusted EPS growth of 14% at the low and 18% at the high end, I think we're effectively achieving that objective. And as you look at 2017 and beyond, we look to continue to deliver high performance and that's the goal.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. I think the short answer to that Josh is that we are right on track. So we had talked about $0.03 accretion in the year from AMS. We're on track to achieve that. And then next year, we had talked about $0.07 and we should be on track for that. And the difference is really some of the integration costs that we have this year with respect to the quality remediation and some of the things like IT and such that are pushing that down a bit this year. And next year, you should see the full power of what AMS can bring to the margin story for the company.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. So the NCD was a nice win for us. And we believe we really have the right sweet spot in terms of the WATCHMAN pricing. It is financially viable at most of the heart centers that we have contracted with. So, we stay very close to that, and it's really part of our category leadership strategy. So, we want to price it at the appropriate level given the investment that we've made in the platform, as well as future clinical trials that we're supporting as we advance this new therapy. But we do believe it's financially viable and a healthy product with appropriate margins for the vast majority of our hospital that are using this today.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. I think I'd like to believe you'll see some of that impact this year. So, we have a significant emphasis on reducing inventory, and I had mentioned that in some of my prepared remarks, and trying to prove that, from our perspective, we can grow sales at the rate they we're doing but also optimize inventory. And we have a lot of work ongoing to try and do some things to rationalize that. And from a cash flow as well as the other metrics that you mentioned, reduce inventory overall by the end of the year as a company. So, my goal would be that as we go through the year, you'd see that. It was pretty reasonable compared to Q4 of last year, inventory this year. And so we've stemmed the tide a bit now and I'd look to, for the last three quarters, to see that reduce which will help all of the turnover and asset metrics as well as the contribution of working capital to cash flow.
