Chas McKhann: No, so we got the clearance in January -- sorry in Q1, you're right. We've still -- as you may well know, Chris, from other companies you cover, having the right distributor in Japan is critical and thinking long-term how you approach it. And so, we are actually still finalizing our distributor relationships in Japan which will end up impacting than what we expect on the growth trajectory.
Chas McKhann: Yes, no I appreciate the question. I think there'll be a time -- let me back up. The interest level following the authorizations and especially -- and then the publication last week has been extremely high. There's a lot of excitement. But there'll be a time lag from that to cases and people being treated, right? I mean if you think about the different elements I mentioned that come together through accelerating their practice, they take some time. And so, we do see that factoring into later in the year and then certainly, our momentum heading into 2023. And so that's kind of the timeframe and we would expect to see an impact of moving from, as I said, a lot of interest to a real impact. And then it's also been offset -- the announcements have just come in the last month. And as Jeff mentioned, we have seen some summer seasonality. And if any of you have traveled recently, airports are extremely busy, people are taking vacations. And we've seen that both with a number of our key customers. And so that's normal at this time of the year but I think maybe even a little bit more so this year. And that might cloud any immediate impact relative to putting the pieces together. We really are thinking about this for the long-term as well. One of the things I meant to mention in my upfront comments is speed is not our most important thing in this next phase quality is, right? We want to make sure we get very good customers getting excellent outcomes because that will result in the most long-term sustainable growth.
Chas McKhann: Sure no, happy to. Yes overall, we had a really good quarter outside the U.S. And the ESS business which is primarily OverStitch outside the U.S., we only have X-Tack in a few countries cleared. We reported 24% on a GAAP basis and 35% year-on-year growth so just good continued adoption of OverStitch. Most of our business outside the U.S. is for OverStitch is endobariatric but we are having a focus on also expanding core GI as well and the team is doing a nice job with that. Pretty good balanced growth between distributor and direct markets. And so, we're pleased with that. We also see good growth on the IGB side as well. We've had some share wins on -- we're much more competitive outside the U.S. and Orbera really does have a great track record of tried and true. And so we continue to do well there. So we had a nice balance in our business and are pleased with how the performance went again, despite the FX piece. And so, I don't over -- get too wrapped up in that it is what it is. The underlying fundamentals, we think, on the international side are very good. And then we are looking forward to X-Tack. No real changes on updates on that from an international CE mark. We're still working through the MDR processes for regulatory and that's probably a 2023 event like versus 2022.
Chas McKhann: Yes, I know that Jeff did allude to the fact that we really are focused on driving the core businesses. And we now are really looking at NASH as one of the key comorbidities associated with improvements in weight loss as well as things like diabetes and hypertension. And so, we're really trying to look at -- as part of the integrated strategy that's going to maximize the utilization of our products. And originally, the NASH strategy started with Orbera but we really are looking at it in the context of ESG as well and especially ESG now with the clearance. And so that is an area where we absolutely are doing a lot of homework working with thought leaders and hepatology community but also in the diabetology community and others to say which will have the greatest impact and therefore, what the clinical strategy would need to be. So it's one that we're not rushing into a new clinical trial right now, especially given the broader economic environment.
Chas McKhann: Yes, no, it's an insightful question, Frank and it's one that our reimbursement team is working through as part of the overall facility payment side of things. So I mentioned things like new technology codes but you're right, C codes could be part of that strategy as well. And we're working through those details right now.
Chas McKhann: Sure, yes. So on the new -- there are new devices that were cleared the Apollo ESG and the Apollo REVISE devices. There is still some, frankly, kind of logistical elements that go into the packaging around those and being ready to ship that we would expect will still take a few months and probably be early in Q4 when we're shipping the new devices. And that just aligns with what we expected the original time line would have been unusually FDA beat us to it but we were more than happy. So we can still train physicians. We can still speak to the procedure but the actual SKUs being available will be a few months. And then we are also still finalizing the pricing strategy but we do expect they will be opportunity for some premium pricing that would help. But we're still working through the final pieces of that strategy because it will have long-term implications for things like reimbursement and others. And as we get further along, we'll provide an update on that.
Chas McKhann: Well just that, I mean, the ability to have some pricing leverage would absolutely improve and help that and then as Jeff mentioned, the OverStitch and the components OverStitch are our primary focus areas of reducing costs as well. So we've factored that into kind of our overall plans of getting into the mid-60s on gross margin but we'll work that as part of the overall mix as we go forward.
Chas McKhann: Yes, no, you're right, Matt. The interest level has been very high, increased awareness, especially for X-Tack as a new product and having podium presentations about it really for the first time in a big meeting just because it was one of the first really large in-person meetings has been exciting. And that has played well and helps support the 16% sequential growth that I mentioned. And so our sales team is very much focused on building on that momentum and continuing going forward. And we have a balance, right, of now needing to be able to do that while also focusing on the endobariatric side as well. So that will be an important thing that we're going to need to balance that is part of the rationale for the dedicated endobariatric manager roles. And so, we have a certain subset of our sales force that is 100% focused on the endobariatric side, while our reps are carrying the full bag.
Chas McKhann: The short answer is yes, right. That is something -- that has -- what you heard in some of your conversations at DDW, people have been able to do that on a case-by-case basis really is some of the more sophisticated accounts who know how to do this, right and have been able to effectively navigate those conversations. And they've been doing that independent of Apollo. We didn't have the labeling. So, we didn't have a team in place supporting those kinds of efforts. With the labeling, we can implement a team that can help support that and, for example, share best practices. It can even vary by payer, right. Some payers will respond to certain things that really will make a difference in terms of whether a patient gets covered and learning that documenting it and helping people navigate it will be part of our strategy going forward.
Chas McKhann: I think it's a really interesting question of how it will play out. I think people, for the most part, currently assume that the sweet spot will be in the 30 to 40 range, i.e., the MERIT population and that's probably where we will start for the most part. But there were data presented at DDW, as you may recall, by one of our customers that showed very good results in patients with the BMI over 40. I think it was consistently a 20% or more total body weight loss. And that was independent of any medications. So one of the big speculative questions is whether combination therapies will really play a bigger role in that 40-plus range. And I certainly know some surgeons who think that it may well -- but I do think it will kind of go in that sequence. There still is a belief that ESG is typically a little bit lower on the efficacy side but a really good safety profile and a lot of patient benefits will probably start more of a sweet spot in that 30 to 40 range and then maybe migrate up over time.
Chas McKhann: We have seen people think about a kind of bridge to surgery approach at times as well. I'm not sure how common that is. I mean we certainly have heard it a bit more anecdotally. And could that play out over time, possibly. I mean one of the benefits of ESG as you aren't cutting off future treatment options. It's something that surgeons are very interested and know that they can do a sleeve in the future or do a bypass in the future if they choose to -- but I don't expect necessarily a bridge approach will be that widespread at least initially.
Chas McKhann: Sure, yes. No, I appreciate the question. We have a lot of data out to two years. There was just a patient -- a study with 3,000 patients out of the Middle East with very good data out to three years and then there's limited data but some out to five years. So we're in that range. I think our experienced customers who've already been doing this in advance of us talking about it, are careful not to promise it as a panacea and really emphasize the importance of the patient follow-up and patient management in the programs that they do and if they -- how they engage in that can really impact the durability. But then, also, obesity is a chronic disease. And if people understand and expect that, then setting up the possible expectation that, yes, down the line, you need a retightening procedure. And we've got experience with that and good success with it. Or in the future, you may be a candidate for a surgical procedure. These are often part of the conversations and I think we'll be part of how we market it as well.
Chas McKhann: Yes, no Colin, I appreciate that. As we've done our strategic plans, we like, as I mentioned on the call and what we've seen so far, a good balance across both products and geographies. And so I think there is a potential halo effect on -- from ESG and revisions on the balloon. And I mentioned that in terms of sustainable endobariatric practices. We do still continue to see very good traction and growth with X-Tack and that is before the CE mark. So that can be an important growth driver outside the U.S., or especially the economic value proposition of X-Tack is very -- it fits very well with the medical systems. But then having said all of that, I have said before, I think there is an opportunity, given the value proposition I mentioned for ESG to become a market-leading weight loss procedure -- that's not baked in -- I mean, that level of optimism isn't fully baked into that 20% number. I mean if we get to that, we'll be well ahead of that. Just a matter of how long does it take to really put all the pieces together and untapped the opportunity. But given what we're already seeing in people connecting the dots and having good success with growth, we're excited about it. So it's a little bit mix, very good opportunities with ESG and revisions but also balanced growth with other products as well.
Chas McKhann: Just want to reiterate our thanks to everybody for joining us today and we look forward to further updates as the year progresses.
