Larry Neumann: Thank you, Tanya. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. With me on the call today are Ray Elliott, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Capello, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We issued a press release yesterday afternoon announcing our second quarter results. Key financials are attached to the release including the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures used in the discussion and we have posted a copy of the press release as well as support schedules to our website. The agenda for this call will include a review of the second quarter financial results including third quarter and full year 2010 guidance from Jeff, an update on our business performance in the quarter from Ray followed by his perspective on the quarter overall quarter. We will then open it up to questions. During the question-and-answer session today, we will be joined by Sam Leno, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Hank Kucheman, Executive Vice President and Group President CRV; Mike Phalen, Senior Vice President and President of our Endoscopy business; John Pedersen, Senior Vice President and President of our Urology and Women's Health business; Joe Fitzgerald, Senior Vice President, and President of our Endovascular unit; Michael Onuscheck, Senior Vice President and President of our Neuromodulation business; Dr. Ken Stein, Chief Medical Officer for CRM; and Dr. Keith Dawkins, Chief Medical Officer for our CRV Group. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone of our Safe Harbor statement. This call contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expected market share growth projections, new product approvals, acceptance and sales, our financial position, expected net sales, earnings and tax rates for 2010, the effect of our restructuring activities, the effect of our debt repayment and expected FDA approvals. The company wishes to caution the listeners that actual results may differ from those discussed in forward-looking statements and maybe affected by among other things, risks associated with our financial performance, our restructuring plan, clinical trial results, our programs to increase shareholder value, new product development and launches, regulatory approvals, litigation, our tax position, our competitive position, our growth strategy, the company's overall business strategy and other factors described in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we undertake no obligations to update any forward-looking statements. I will now turn it over to Jeff for a review of the financial results for the quarter. Jeff.
Larry Neumann: Thanks, Ray. In a minute, I would like to open it up to questions. In an effort to enable us to deal with many questions as possible in the time remaining, I would request that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow up. Again, I remind you that Ray will be joined during the Q&A session by Sam and several other business presidents as well as Dr. Dawkin and Dr. Stein. Tanya, please go ahead.
Larry Neumann: Tanya, with that we are going to conclude the call and I would like to thank everybody who joined us today and for your continued interest in Boston Scientific. Prior to you disconnecting, Tanya will give you all the pertinent details relative to the replay of this call. Thank you.
Ray Elliot: Couple of things we are analyzing, one of the things we have taken the approach of kind of staying with that 25% year-end exit is there is some stock build and there were some physicians that were dedicated sufficiently to our products that our patients had long enough batteries and they were comfortable with patient safety. They literally did delay the surgery. So we have tried to analyze that in detail and account for that. It was not a huge factor to be honest with you, so I don’t to overly sway your thinking but it was enough of a factor to have us suggest that lets just stay with the 25% year-end exit at this point in time till we learn more. On CRM pricing, no, we haven’t seen, I think as I recall some of our competitors, maybe a few analysts seem to indicate that we reduce price to reenter the market and gain share. I think my comments from the last time we did this were that we would not do that. We did not and we have not seen deterioration in CRM pricing as it relates to Boston Scientific.
Ray Elliot: Yes, I’ll give you the frontend and Jeff can jump in the back Mike. It is a new product story combined with a release of backorder story offset by pricing pressure primarily on balloons and competitive products. So the net effect of that we still think is positive growth in the second half, but we have been struggling and we’ve been struggling for a quite a while because some of those launches have been delayed and of course you didn’t anticipate the back orders. So I think to the extent, the good offsets the bad that we get the growth there, but we are keeping an eye on both price and some level of procedural softness although international offsets the US situation.
Ray Elliot: Sequential decline in US for a start of seasonality, so what you want to look at I think to help yourself out, is take currency out of it all together and look at the relative sales last year and in prior years between second and third quarter and compare this with that. I don’t have it right in front of me but I would suggest that looking at it, a chunk of it is currency neutral. If you made a currency neutral, is going to be seasonality, obviously, particularly in Europe.
Ray Elliot: Its literally any time now. It would have been nice frankly to have that conveniently before this phone call so we put it in the script but that has not happened but it's literally anytime now.
Ray Elliot: No, I didn’t say anything on procedures. I don’t think procedures is the issue and it rarely is in many of the business we are in because you need it to live obviously. I haven’t seen anything unusual in the other marketplaces. Germany is a tough pricing market, but I don’t think there’s anything going on that’s extraordinary versus prior time. I think if something we are sensitive and I don’t know to what extent you followed pharma activities in Spain and the resulting over-the-counter medical device changes as opposed to institutional medical device sales. We were able to get away from substantial cuts relative to the government, but the pressure is still on those countries because of their economic situation that they are in. It’s not Greece, but I mean Spain and Portugal, and I shouldn’t quote Portugal. It’s really Iberia I am talking about, but they are struggling economically but in terms of absolute procedures I would say no.
Ray Elliot: Yes, I don’t like responding yes to people who use larger transactions because that gets translated post call into big problems and it suddenly becomes dilutive in all that conversation. What I would prefer to say is that we have said we could do one to 300 and do some of those even prior to the refinancing, we are certainly capable of doing a number of those and doing somewhat larger ones, but I don’t want to get into commentary that leads people to believe dilutive transformation because that’s just nothing, but trouble I think it’s translated that one.
Ray Elliot: Yes, we have an MRIC safe program that will be a behind at least one of our primary competitors if not two. I’m not sure on the timing question. I’d have to check previous scripts, I thought we had said early next year, but if we said late, I don’t recall that being in any scripts. Maybe we did say once or twice, so if it is moved, it is moved a few months. I think what we will do is talk with people when we do the Analyst Day and employee meetings about what the features and benefits and what those products would look like rather than try and cover it here in a 30 second answer.
Ray Elliot: Yes, it’s a good question. We segment our customers in many different categories, but in the ship hold, we did some segmenting, that’s somewhat more unusual, not just start to look at how people are feeling about this new segment and according to view towards us if you will or guide it in prior times. So there aren't any customers who don't like our products but there's a small percentage of customers that are weary of the sort of repetitive recall problems, in this case its paperwork but it’s a history of five or six years. So you do have some of those and the weariness would cause you to at least lose them temporarily. The other issue is you have some sales force disruption caused either by some of the disciplinary actions or disciplinary plus the ship hold where they don't want to stay, we don’t want them to stay. They are not comfortable, for whatever reason you want to clump with and of course in relatively stickier businesses you lose some sales that way. I don’t know the people that have really become completely weary will ever get that business back its hard to tell. I think our mind and our heads are kind of built around the idea that we are going to rebuild our base from 25% as a new base with new products and new technologies and the CRV horsepower and cardiovascular service line and move on from there. There is a part of that I don't think you probably do get back.
Ray Elliot: Yes, I don’t have the current percentages in front of me to answer the first part of your question. We can dig that out for you and try and have a look at that after the fact. The only concern we would have is we have ran the graphs numbers on the period of time, when we went through some of the recalls when it was Guidant and so on. And obviously we do get hurt by some of that through the t replacement period. However we have calculated that into our planning and we have offset that by what we feel is going to be the beginnings of the take up as made it, as we get the indication of course on dollar sale and basis and margin, talking about $6,000 or $7,000 uplifts in price versus some decline in replacements due to those prior year periods. So the net effect, Steve for us is not on doing negative. I think people just focus on that replacement, old Guidant story, do the math and say gee, these guys at Boston will be down on replacements, I think they forget to add in that second part to the gain, at 7000 a piece at, these margins that more than mixed up for replacement losses.
Jeff Capello: Let me just add Bob that from the work that we've been able to kind a tease apart on the quarter in terms of why we over exceeded expectations, a vast majority had to do with the fact that we covered in two weeks. First is the six weeks. That’s over 80% or 90% of kind of the over performance.
Jeff Capello: That’s high, because a lot of factors in there, that are not negative on an ongoing basis. So I don’t know that we'll necessarily publicly quantify them. I would suggest that you not think of them as substantial factors and at least until we update you on the third quarter, stick with the idea that we're going exit 25% but we're going to get there quicker.
Jeff Capello: So if you look at our guidance for the year, revised guidance for the year. Bob, it’s higher, the margin is higher than it was previously. And that reflects the fact that the impact of the stock ship significantly reduces in Q3 and Q4 as we’re obviously on the market for 100% of the time. So obviously that helps the margin, the other dynamic that we benefit, as we kind of circle through the back half of the year is our comparisons in the fourth quarter from a mix perspective are much easier in US, given the impacts of the compared study to the DS mix in the US. The two more significant direct benefits that are tangible relative to gross margins are the plant network optimization, where we are very far long. We have a second of two low cost manufacturing facilities in Costa Rica that are operational and taking in product quickly. We have talked about end of 2012, that’s worth roughly a $100 million of gross margin benefit and more than a 100 basis points of benefit and that facility will not be full. So there’s an opportunity to add to that facility. So, that’s another component and then obviously the PROMUS Element, the DS mix, so we are continuing to enjoy a nice mix shift in Europe and that product is ahead of plan. We are very bullish on that platform both for Europe and for Japan and for the US. So that is going to be a significant benefit for us in 2012.
Jeff Capello: Let me kind of step through a few business. Ray spent quite a bit of time outlining kind of a number of new products that we’ve introduced within the peripheral intervention space. That business has been kind of flat to down low single digits, kind of in the last year through the first two quarters of this year. So we expect based on those products which have been introduced and are in the market right now to generate some growth. We think that that market is growing at least in the mid single digit. So some debate as to whether it’s a little higher or little lower depending on kind of some of the pricing dynamics, particularly in the US. But we think that we can get kind of into that range in the back half of the year. Electrophysiology is the market that’s growing in the upper single digits/lower double digits depending on how much you put into that in terms of the different techniques. As Ray had mentioned we are back in the market with one of our products, one of the Blazer products. We’ve got a number of new products in that space that we expect are going to generate some growth.\ And then you’ve got neuromodulation, that grew 10% in the first quarter and had been growing 15% pretty consistently. And this is kind of bit of an unusual quarter. Although we did have an unusual quarter in the first quarter of 2009, where we had very low growth which we similarly expected that was due to kind of timing and co-pays and reimbursements. And later on in 2009 it resumed its double digit growth. So we expect that that’s going to come back to upper single digit/lower double digit growth. So those three business along we’ve got the products, we've got the sales forces and we think we can execute along the back half of the year. So we will just have to see how it plays out as we get through the third and fourth quarter.
Jeff Capello: I wouldn't 100% agree with that. The only slight caveat I would put on it would be the structure of the refinancing package that we put in place was designed to put pre-payable debt in place. So we could prepay it down fairly quickly. I think we've said publicly that our desired debt to EBITDA range is somewhere between one and half to two times and as we said we're kind of in the high [twos] and that's because we want to make sure we have financial flexibilities in organization. We still have litigation and some tax risk that we need to cover. So at least in the short to medium term until we get through those, we want to have a reasonable leverage available. So increased capacity, the $1 billion in the balance sheet and the free cash flow while help us both kind of delever the company’s position more firmly going forward and also free up funds to grow the top line.
Jeff Capello: The only other one that I would add is, as we look at our global footprint and our cost structure, we are not a low-cost organization. So, as we think about increasing our commercial footprint in China and India, we currently have a handful of direct employees in India, which is rather unusual for a company of our size. So I personally think that there is a lot of opportunity from a distribution perspective to as we grow our emerging markets to grow our employee base disproportionately larger in those areas and actually get some productivity and cost arbitrage benefit that’s coming up. So I think that’s another opportunity from a productivity perspective as the organizations, never really looked at. They were actually pretty deep into, and that’s above and beyond the restructuring benefits that we’ve talked about.
Jeff Capello: We’ve talked historically that that’s worth probably $200 million come 2012 and almost all of that’s through the gross margin. So just take that over the base of revenue, you get a pretty good idea. Couple of hundred basis points atleast.
Jeff Capello: So coming back to your question relative to the guidance, I think the range is more kind of mid single digit growth from a guidance perspective.
Jeff Capello: Before we go on to the next question just want to clarify that OUS defib question so that the caller had kind asked the question, if looking at our guidance for instance, that guidance is on an FX basis as Ray mentioned. So if you adjust for the FX, its quite a different story and the business would be growing as I mentioned kind of mid single digit to upper single digit, which is consistent with what I did in the second quarter, just to be clear.
Jeff Capello: No, I would say, that’s why we kind of keep going back and forward between kind of the operational rate versus kind of the adjusted rate, so a better number is probably more like 20%, 21% going forward, kind of post this year.
Ray Elliott: Let me comment on the analyst day and then I will start off and Jeff can jump in. Yes we are planning in the fall. I don’t know that Larry has nailed the date down. I don’t think we have, the reason we shifted it is because the ship hold obviously slowed everything down for us. We just completed some really great work on a strategic plan. I am really pleased, in fact we actually finished a good chunk of that yesterday, strangely enough. And we have a Board meeting come up next week which we will be sharing that with them. So we wanted to do two things, Bob, one is get a really exciting and communicable strategic plan before running out and talking to analysts. I know it’s been a long time for BSC. Secondly, we want to obviously communicate that to the Board and get their backing. Thirdly we wanted to communicate it to our employees before we talk to the public. And we have major all employee meeting setup, I think some 6000 people in Minneapolis/St. Paul on August 19. And then go public after that, so that’s kind of the order of events. In terms of margins, I think the mix of new products going forward, let me start with the concern. I will let Jeff jump in. There is lots of positive contributing factors, restructuring and plant network organization, so on and so on that we’ve covered with you. The one qualifying factor, we are keeping a careful eye on this price. And that’s the one that we are not excessively concerned, but it is eroding somewhat and that’s kind of a counter factor.
Ray Elliott: Yeah I think too Mike, and I going to go a little beyond the other non-core and PI and what not but I think that is one of the problems with the company struggling through some turnaround times and then the ship hold and other things over the last couple or three years and not having analyst meetings because I noted that one of our good competitors got a lot of newspaper coverage announcing 60 new products. In fact if you look through our news products now that we are going to be releasing over the next 12 to 18 months, there’s 30 alone in CRV and probably at least six, we haven’t had them all up. When you look at all the other categories so I think part of the problem is we have not been in the spot where we can communicate as effectively that the pipeline is stronger perhaps than people think.
Ray Elliott: Well, obviously we don't make any comments on the businesses, but even if they were and other ones were analysis of the two businesses, you happen to mention don't show any indications of any subjects around that being a problem. It was marketplace procedures, softness co-pays and of course we are way late with the Phoenix coil and that's killing us as good competitors come out with competitive coil products. I don't, to me it's a product marketing procedure set of issues and has nothing to do with M&A. On the second one, I guess I will (find) it and if Jeff wants to add again or others. Yes, the answer is yes. I think you will see as we deliver on that annual meeting, I mean everybody in the world can do the math on this company, as two-thirds of your business is going at 1% or 2% or 3%. How much do you have to grow the rest or what your portfolio has to look like in order to be a 5% or 6% company and double digit bottom line, so everybody can do the math and therefore we have be in the growth M&A business and we have to find ways of growing are existing portfolio and shifting it around. We are moving literally over a few years hundreds of millions of dollars of traditional R&D into dozen or so growth initiative platforms. If we don't do that and we can't grow the top line and convince people there's sustainability, we don't get to have a higher stock price and a multiple expansion. I hate to say this one-on-one to you because I know you know other. It is as simple as that. We just need to be able to communicate it as we get out on the Analyst Day and employee meetings.
Ray Elliott: Yeah I think, Rick, although there is some utilization pressures that's spread across the countries and there is some consolidation of buying practices and regions transparencies, some of the things we are seeing in the US that the TPOs are get bigger in places like Germany. So there's a lot of that kind of activity but we are used to most of that and probably more of it now frankly but we are used to dealing with encountering most of that activity, but what we are not used to seeing is, and I am still referring primarily to Spain and Italy. I said southern Europe just to keep it general in the commentary but really I would say Greece is the other one. But we all know what's going on there but Spain and Italy were accustomed to those being pretty price attractive markets. Spain more so than Italy and I think we are starting to see the pressure in those two countries and I would revert that as a bigger watch out for well, not just for us but for anybody with medical devices, then I would sort of utilization other factors that are going on.
Ray Elliott: Yes, I think to the extent that you can market those benefits, I think what we probably have to do too is have fuller bags and more feet on the street over there, and that’s part of those investments I talked about in the second half. We are not going to make this all up with new products in Europe. Our coverage in Europe is substandard compared to our competitors in terms of real feet on the street, and the hospital, institutional and physician coverage, and there is a bunch of reasons for that historically. We are going to reinvest very clearly on feet on the street in Europe, including Spain and Italy. And that I think will help us a lot more than anything else we are doing.
Ray Elliott: Yes, I think we mentioned some of that David. New products obviously are crucial to us. The bringing together of the value proposition and executional strategy around CRV and completing integration is huge for us. The emerging markets program that we are putting together is huge, completion of restructuring and reinvesting those dollars for the most part back into feet on the street emerging markets. The execution of our growth initiatives, we have 12 target areas we are going after, that include a combination of outside M&A work and inside internal R&D shifting. There’s a pretty long list, Jeff can also add to that.
Ray Elliott: I think copy is the slightest form of flattery so it didn’t take long for other friends in Minnesota to make a CRV group, so I was pretty excited about that. It validates our decisions, so that’s a good one. I think we are starting to see companies work together that fill each others gaps in terms of a hospital calling basis, so I think you are starting to see versions of using this term in a proper way, bundling between non-competing but people whose product gaps and lines fill each other. We are starting to see some of that, more people working together. I haven’t paid as much attention in recent times to outside sort of the world that Boston Scientific serves. So I am probably not as good at answering that, but we are certainly seeing it within our own competitors for sure.
Ray Elliott: Sorry Joanne, like to help you with that one but we don’t breakout individual countries and we ought to do it all the time.
Ray Elliott: Yeah it is Joanne. When we sorted through the new growth initiatives we originally start out and then end up with about 15 areas and we're kind of we did it down. That target area was amongst the original group, whether it will survive the final growth initiatives in a priority order that we can get to the next couple of years. I can’t answer right now but yes it was in the initial screen and we got it down to above 15 growth initiatives.
Ray Elliott: Yes, I mean, sure. Couple of things I have talked about before. I mean would have sounded like the rest of the world obviously structured hard as their instinct. But if I went beyond that, I would be looking to three areas I’ve mentioned many, many times; hypertension, pulmonary and endo-based solutions for asthma, diabetes and obesity we’ve mentioned and then a bunch of areas within women’s health that I don’t want to get too specific on because it will give too much information. But those four areas, we’re spending an extraordinary amount of time on and we think are huge for the company in the future.
Ray Elliott: I don’t think it had negative impact on procedures because the physicians will only make decisions relative to patient safety. So, our competitors will jump in with our help or our request, the physician's request. I don’t think it had any effect in procedures. There was not a lot of clamor that I heard about patient service saying if this entire product line regardless of who the supplier is. We did hear some of that in the past. But I think it was very clear that this was a paper work problem on our part. It was nobody else’s fault, it was no other manufacturers fault and it was not a safety problem with the product. So, we haven’t seen anything. And we have done some market research and reputation research and various things to assess our current status. We haven’t seen anything like that too.
Ray Elliott: I don’t know what the other guys look like. In my brain right now it's nearly 2% but the problems without seeing the other folks I just don’t have a feel. You've got Medtronic with the unusual weak thing between their off quarters, so it's hard for me to call it. My guess it's in the zero to 2% and I'd probably settle on one, feeling probably to see everybody else’s numbers at this point.
Ray Elliott: I think that’s for the most parts. So subject to Jeff’s qualifying comments on ensuring we properly de-leverage the business as well. We are down to about a dozen growth initiatives, we have just done a tremendous amount of work here on understanding how to get there. Do I think we will go bigger, be a big player in all 12, the answer is no. I think we will probably double down our bets in two or three or four and really try and grow them and I don’t know perfectly at this stage which three or four will be, I know which ones I would like it to be for the most part, but you can’t tell because you don’t have absolute control of that external environment. I don’t think we are non-diversified right now. The economy is pretty well diversified because there is a lot of sub-categories in cardiovascular. Our problem is that two-thirds of the business is not growing, anything more than very low-single digits, so our ability to go into these areas is under the theory that we are trying to move the needle for the whole company and get back to where we can be a substantial player on the top line with the sustainable growth. So I mean that’s the whole ball game here in terms of what we are trying to accomplish, but we are not going to play in a dozen of them. If that’s question, there is no way we could and be a winner in them. We haven’t got enough funds to invest those kind of dollars.
Ray Elliott: I wouldn’t want to give you a long term guidance through a strap point and I think we will try and cover that with you at the Analyst meeting because if I do that I end up giving you a long term five year market share guidance and I don't really want to do that at this point.
Ray Elliott: I think let Jeff comment, to the part of it is a question that was asked earlier that we are not completely, I think Mike Weinstein asked about it, how much is bulk, how much is delay and how do we want, do we have enough data to really completely understand that at this point and we don't completely, although we are doing a pretty slow analysis and I think we just want to be careful not to get ahead of ourselves and then realize that some of that was stock filling and delayed procedures. Again, we don't think it's a huge issue. In fact, I'm pretty sure its not, but we are just not convinced at this point we have complete data on it.
Ray Elliott: I think the share position on TAXUS a little lower than we thought it would be and some of that of course is the ramblings of the studies and what not have been done on the effects of the various meetings but we are a little lower in Europe and in Japan on TAXUS then we would have expected to be. Conversely in the case of Europe, obviously we don't have to the Element in Japan. We are doing better I think just correctly said we are ahead of our own plans substantially on Element. So there's kind of, there's a tradeoff there but yeah the answer would be yes to your question.
Ray Elliott: No, I don’t think so; I don’t think its customers. We are starting to run some pretty high numbers and pretty attractive numbers relative to percent of new products for sales, for virtually any major med device. So, if you think of anything over a third of your business, in our case we are running at about 44%. So the strength of the pipeline and the dollar values to total in prior 24 months and so on is high. I think if we run any risk, and it’s not Boston Scientific, its industry, is obviously the messages we're getting in general from the FDA, reevaluation of 5K, 10K and so on around reform, I think could cause us all some substantial delays in new products reaching patients. But our performance as of right now, no I am happy with that aspect. We just got to make sure our sales execution matches up with that.
Ray Elliott: No, it's absolutely former. We intend to be around the billion dollar mark rough numbers, out of that just got to take your clinicals and quality and other related spendings and as you get to a net R&D number, we expect to shift from right now and I have been public about this number so I'll share it again with you. We look at our growth initiatives that we have planned right now and we look at the corresponding spending we have today against those initiatives. It’s about 6% of spend. Any major medical device company that’s going to spend internally on growth initiatives needs to be 25% to a third of their spending on an annual basis, so you can easily run the map. If it’s 6% today, let’s say we are spending $50 million, we got to be at $250 million, $300 million a year in order to support those programs and shift it to that. In fact we are doing that as we speak and we have done it in this strap plan we just finished.
Ray Elliott: Tanya, we've got time if there is just a couple of more questions. We've got time for just a couple more.
Ray Elliott: Late in the second half, near the end of the year is our current best thought on that is just correct.
Ray Elliott: Yes, we were dinged a little bit. If 22% of the entire Japanese market is now locked up in these Abbott trials, so I don’t know what dinged little bit means to you but that’s dinged a lot to me. We don’t know what they are going to do? If they restart another one of these adventure trials, we are going to be on for another six months of locking up 20% of the marketplace, so it’s hard for us to tell at this point. What we do know is what I mentioned in the script and I think it’s the most, and we don’t control what they do and we're not going to play in that [world]. But what is important is of the open marketplace that’s available to us where you can buy PROMUS, Xience or anybody else's stent that’s approved there. We are gaining 50% market share in those accounts. That’s what excites me. The market study stuff, I can’t do anything about it.
Ray Elliott: I think it’s too early to be stabilized. I think we'll probably go through a little more turmoil I would guess. I hope that’s not true but I would think we will because the combination of the two and for these people, they’ve been through this three, four times. I think it’s pretty tough. So I would like to see it stabilize through the end of the year but I don’t know that it can completely stabilized at this point. To the extent, we do have that issue. We got to get out their with our strategic plan story, get it public, do the analyst day and obviously attract or be more easily able to attract some great folks back into the replace those roles, I think that’s probably where we are at.
