Susan Lisa: Thank you, Tanya. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mahoney, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Brennan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We issued a press release earlier this morning announcing our Q2 2017 results, which included reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in the release. We have posted a copy of that release, as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures used in today's call, to the Investor Relations section of our website under the heading Financial Information. The duration of our call will be approximately one hour. Mike will provide strategic and revenue highlights of Q2 2017. Dan will review the financials for the quarter, and then Q3 2017 and full-year 2017 guidance. And then we'll take your questions. During today's Q&A session, Mike and Dan will be joined by our Chief Medical Officers, Dr. Ian Meredith and Dr. Ken Stein. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on the call, organic revenue growth is defined as excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and sales from the acquisition of EndoChoice and Symetis over the relevant prior-year period. Also note, this call contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, which may be identified by words like anticipate, expect, believe, estimate and other similar words. They include, among other things, statements about our growth and market share, new product approvals and launches, clinical trials, cost savings and growth opportunities, our cash flow and expected use, our financial performance, including sales, margins, earnings and other Q3 and full-year 2017 guidance, as well as our tax rates, R&D spend, and other expenses. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include those described in the Risk Factors section of our most recent 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs filed with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update them. At this point, I'll turn it over to Mike for his comments. Thanks, Mike.
Susan Lisa: Thanks, Dan. Tanya, let's open it up to questions for the next 30 minutes or so. In order to enable us to take as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. Tanya, please go ahead.
Susan Lisa: With that, we'd like to conclude the call. Thank you for joining us today, and we appreciate your interest in Boston Scientific. Before you disconnect, Tanya will give you all the pertinent details for the replay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure, Mike. I'll start, and Mike can add in any comments he wants as well. So, relative to the guidance, I wouldn't overthink the range relative to the full year. So if you look at the range we have, the way we look at it is, 7% is what we think is a likely outcome, and we increased the top end to 8%. So as you look at it, we could have thrown a half in there and gone 6.5% to 7.5%. We chose to say 7% is the likely outcome, and just ranged it 100 basis points on either side. So I wouldn't overthink the ends of that range. Specific to comps for Q3, it's a 9% organic comp. It was 10% in Q2, and it's a 9% comp in Q3. So feel like, again, off of what are pretty heady comps from last year, the revenue growth range of 5% to 6% for Q3 is still pretty strong.
Daniel J. Brennan: That is the right – a good summary. And particularly in Q3, we got very tough DES comp, so we have a 10% comp overall for the company, and our highest DES comp is in the third quarter – from 2016 – which is 14%.
Daniel J. Brennan: Joanne, this is Dan. No, that the way I would look at it is, the guidance for Q3 is 5% to 6% operational growth. The contribution from the acquisitions of EndoChoice and Symetis is 140 basis points. So if you take that off, you get to an organic growth rate that – again, in the range of what you're saying. Some of the challenges there, in terms of the sequential growth from Q2 to Q3, you look at CRM; we anniversary some of the MRI-safe Brady technologies in the U.S. We love the growth we've had in urology, but at 18% and 10% and some very high comps there, with anniversarying some share gains from a competitor exit. And then Mike mentioned the DES comps that we have. So the organic piece is a little bit lower than Q2, but still at that 5% to 6% of that 9% comp from last year, and then another 10% comp in Q4, feel like that still stacks up pretty well compared to our peers.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. I think on the heels of what we had said at Investor Day, we'd stick with that, and I think the commentary from Dr. Stein and Mike is appropriate, that we're really excited about WATCHMAN and the technology and what it has done, and what it can do in the future, but we'd stick with that timing over that timeframe.
Daniel J. Brennan: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Yeah, and I think we hit this pretty well at Investor Day as well, that as we start to work through this year – this year is a big year for retiring the historical liabilities, in terms of mesh in the IRS settlement. So, put a lot of that behind us in 2017, still have to tail that into 2018, but once you get into certainly the second half of 2018 and absolutely into 2019 and 2020, you would see a significant increase in the amount of our free cash flow that will be able to put to more strategic uses like returning cash to shareholders and M&A. So I don't think there is any change relative to the philosophy of how we would view that over that timeframe, but we're looking forward to it relative to being able to put more of that cash to use. But the underlying philosophy and the financial discipline and the category leadership strategy that we've had, I think, is alive and well and would serve us as well as we move through that timeframe.
Daniel J. Brennan: Sure. Let me start with revenue on that, Bob. So as we've gone through the year, the amount of headwind from FX on the top line has dissipated, right? We started off thinking about 125, it was gone to 85, now for our most recent guidance it's 30. And actually in Q4, it could flip to a tailwind for us, right? So – and that's obviously the market basket of rates that have changed over that timeframe. Primarily, the euro strengthening against the dollar, the pound a little bit the same, and then most other currencies seeing dollar strength, and the yen being somewhat flat during that timeframe. So pretty clear on that. We haven't given revenue impact guidance for 2018, we'll obviously do that as the time draws nearer to giving that guidance. In terms of gross margin, it's actually been a little bit of a different story. It was kind of 50 basis points full-year in the February guidance, went to 90, and now is at 100. So roughly unchanged from the April guidance, and that's just simply a reflection of the hedging contracts we have, when they were entered into, and then the expiration of those. So – and which currencies are moving. So, you don't – the reason that the top line has gotten better through the year, but we still have seen – will still see $0.08 at the bottom line is, we're largely hedged for the year. I mean, the majority of that top line benefit has been from the Euro, and we're largely hedged against the Euro for 2017, so we don't get a lot of the drop through, which is the benefit of a hedging program, you don't want the significant swings. So that's kind of the relationship in 2017 of top line and bottom line, and we were pretty clear I think at Investors Day that we see about a nickel, $0.05, of negative FX with rates where they are today in 2018.
Michael F. Mahoney: Sure. Good morning, Mike. The Uro business is really performing at a very high level for many number of quarters in a row now, a 10% revenue growth again in second quarter. And it's really across the board. The stone business is doing extremely well, and the catalyst for the stone business is that LithoVue disposable scope. That's very disruptive, and we see a lot of tailwinds, given some of the comments in the script regarding FDA requirements to putting on reusable scopes, as well as the healthcare economics that hospitals are starting to see in terms of the cost savings of using LithoVue. And LithoVue is enabling us to pull through greater stone share. And then you move on to the other businesses, the men's health business is doing particularly well, really exceeding our expectations in the U.S. and globally, and that's a very strong gross margin product for us. The BPH business is doing okay. Another big catalyst for the Uro business is global expansion. Our emerging market growth is extremely, extremely strong, and we're investing in physician training in men's health, as well as adding commercials reps. So essentially having that full portfolio together is driving larger synergies on the bottom line, as well as incremental revenue synergies.
Michael F. Mahoney: I think that's fair, and then we're adding in Symetis, right? So we didn't have Symetis in guidance as of last quarter, so we're adding that in. We've obviously updated the structural heart guidance, but I think that's a fair way to look at it, yes, David.
Michael F. Mahoney: And – thanks, Ken, and – Dr. Stein. On the Symetis, we're really pleased, it's early days, we're just under two months. The integration's gone – going extremely well. The leadership team is in place and solidified there. We're focused on expanding supply, of the capability by ramping up manufacturing, and importantly, we're training all of our TAVR commercial team, clinical and commercial, on the ACURATE platform. And so the great news is, when our LOTUS platform gets back in the market by year end, we'll have a clinical team and a sales force that can sell both platforms. So we're pleased with that, we upped our structural heart guidance a bit to $275 million, to reflect the impact of Symetis.
Michael F. Mahoney: That business performs for us each quarter, 12% operational, 7% organic, when you back out the acquisition that we made. And I think what's unique about this business is, there are core products continue to grow nicely, and they are expanding into new categories. The SpyGlass digital platform has really been a breakthrough for the company, and they continue to focus on additional enhancements to kind of extend the lead there. That pulls through some of the core portfolio. The EndoChoice acquisition has moved us into some new spaces where there's a lot of synergies, in the pathology market, and so – and then lastly it's a very global company, this business for us. Over half the sales are outside the U.S., and there's very strong growth there in emerging markets. So, we expect that Endo business to continue to put up strong above-market growth.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. I'd just add, a bit of a cheerleader here, but I think 6% to 8% full-year guidance, midpoint of 7%, pretty nicely above the peer group, against 9% or 10% organic growth comp for the year. So I think if we can grow the company faster than the peer group, facing that type of comparison, that's pretty strong. And then we look forward to 2018, and then as we detailed at Investor Day, the comps will be slightly easier in 2018 than there were this year. And then we're, as I've mentioned before, really excited about this $13 billion of new markets that we'll entering into. When you look at that Investor Day presentation, 2018 through to 2020. So I think it's a pretty strong performance for the team, delivering above market against a 10% comp.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. So, on Symetis, really, it will never be done, because we're going to train our reps around the world as the cadence of Symetis moves from Europe to U.S., Japan, and over Asia. So it's really part of our ongoing platform now. The good news is that all the training programs are in place, and we're building up additional staff and training capabilities to fully train the existing BSE team, and the BSE team in the U.S. that's being established to launch LOTUS. So that infrastructure is moving along quite well. Xavier and the team in the Europe are doing nice job in building that out. And we are seeing, I would say slightly above our deal model, early days, in terms of Symetis uptake. And some of the comments that were made at the Investor Day, it's a high-performing valve that's very, very easy to use, and has very impressive kind of clinical studies that are in play, that will be reported out in the SCOPE trials. So Symetis is going well, we're very excited about that, and we're pleased that we doubled down in that market, given the size and the differentiation between LOTUS and Symetis. On LOTUS itself, it's really nothing new to report since the Investor Day meeting. We anticipate EU launch by year end and U.S. PMA approval in the fourth quarter, so we can launch that product ideally end of second quarter in the U.S. And the R&D teams and ops teams, supply chain teams doing a really nice job. And we want to lock that down, so we can mass produce LOTUS to serve the markets. And essentially, we feel like the fix was identified months ago, and the root cause, and all the additional validation. And also the engagement with the regulatory bodies in Europe is a bit fluid, and that's where we're working through, but we feel like the timelines that we've laid out give us the proper amount of flexibility to manage any minimal clinical requirements or any regulatory discussions.
Michael F. Mahoney: No. I did screw up earlier in the call, I mentioned that LOTUS was going to be approved in the U.S. in fourth quarter this year, that a miss. I meant to say the PMA filing for U.S. will happen in fourth quarter 2017. So I did a nice job in messing that answer up, but other than that one, our outlook financially is unchanged from our Investor Day.
Michael F. Mahoney: I even took our sales guidance up for the year, our sales guidance is up for the year, up around by a point.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. Timelines for all TAVR, essentially timelines for everything, haven't changed over the last 45 days.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah. So overall, really pleased, not only – particularly pleased with the margin improvement that Joe Fitzgerald's team delivered, impressive in a market that's challenging in terms of its overall growth profile. What's important for us in CRM is, we're continuing to grow above market. Our Brady results were nicely above market despite anniversarying our launch and a competitor's recent launch. So we expect some challenges there with some of the comps, but we continue to growth above market, which is kind of the trend for the company. And then in defib, which is really important, I think an encouraging trend there, despite kind of flat overall growth, was the growth outside the U.S., where we've launched the RESONATE platform. So, in Europe in particular, we're seeing some lightness in volume, but the team has done a nice job of growing that business off the RESONATE launch. And that will be the launch that will happen in the U.S. more fully once we have MRI approved by year-end. So in 2018, we look forward to having global defib RESONATE platform with the multipoint pacing, as well as MRI capability and HeartLogic, as well as the longevity benefit. So we think we have lot of differentiation with that. And then as Dr. Stein commented, our SIC platform really differentiates Boston Scientific. It comes at nice gross margins, and we continue to see improved utilization of that platform. So, I think the product positioning is quite strong, and we hope to see some of the benefits of the replacement cycle. That being said, of all of our markets this is likely the most challenged in terms of its overall growth rate, kind of in a low single-digit growth rate range.
Michael F. Mahoney: Yeah, probably – thank you, Matt. WATCHMAN, as you said, we're very pleased with its uptake, but definitely not satisfied because we want – we expect a lot more. Every point of utilization as we highlighted at Investor Day, is another $250 million market opportunity. So our focus, besides getting strong clinical results and training, is increasing utilization. And that's where most of our efforts are on; we have a large implanter base of approximately 350, 375. We're focused on training more doctors, more physicians at those sites, and really trying to find any friction points in those sites to improve utilization. And that's what the teams are working through, and you see a wide, quite frankly a wide range of utilization across sites and centers. And our focus is on improving that scale across the board. And we have a nice head start competitively, as you know. I won't comment too much more on pull-through. Obviously when you have a nice platform like that, as well as a leading drug-eluting stent, I've commented on the RESONATE platform for CRM. Our overall portfolio in PI – which actually hasn't been discussed today – our overall portfolio in PI, Interventional Cardiology and Rhythm, is quite strong. And then, with our structural heart emphasis, there is some – occasionally some bundling that goes across, but I would say a lot less bundling than what's discussed with analysts, quite frankly.
Kenneth Stein, M.D.: Yeah. The only thing I'd add, Dave, is that the IntellaNav's MiFi OI catheter, in combination with Rhythmia HDx, then becomes the foundational platform for our DirectSense technology, which we really do see as being revolutionary in enabling physicians to better assess tissue contact and type of tissue the catheter's in contact with, and that also becomes the foundation for our Force-Sensing technology as well.
Kenneth Stein, M.D.: Again, just to say, pleased as you say with the momentum, see it continuing as we can continue to train, bring new operators, new centers online. In terms of the clinical trial, cadence, as Mike said, expecting the enhanced FLEX to get CE mark in mid-2018 and to begin enrolling in our U.S. approval trial at that point, which would put us on track to get estimated U.S. approval roughly the same time as our competitors get approval on their first generation devices. Likewise, just to reiterate, as Mike said, completed enrollment in Japan of SALUTE, which is the trial that will get us approval in Japan. And although we're in the early stages, pleased at this point with the cadence of our ASAP-TOO trial, which is an indication expansion trial that will get us a FDA labeling for the oral anti-coagulation contraindicated population.
Kenneth Stein, M.D.: Yeah. Hey, Rick. I'll take that. It's Ken. We're in even probably a little better than where we thought we would be when we did the deal to acquire camera on the S-ICD. In terms of where do we go with penetration, right, the key is at this point, how deeply can we get penetrated into the traditional primary prevention indicated market? And that's why I thought the data that we presented at HRS earlier this year, and we highlighted at the Investor's Day from our post approval study in the U.S., we now see that two-thirds of the implants of the device in the U.S. are in that traditional primary prevention population. And I think, even ahead of getting our modular CRM device that is the leadless pacemaker that communicates with the S-ICD, even ahead of getting that, we see that we can continue to grow that penetration into primary prevention. And then I think the two opportunities to further accelerate that are, first of all, getting modular CRM into clinical trials and eventually into the market, so that there is an opportunity to provide anti-tachycardia pacing while staying leadless for those patients who need it. And then also our mated S-ICD trial, which is an indication expansion trial that would potentially bring in a completely new population of primary prevention patients, and that's those patients with mid-range ejection fractions, primarily myocardial infarction and diabetes. And again, that's a population, that's roughly equivalent in size to the current primary prevention market to begin with, and a population that we feel is uniquely served by the S-ICD.
Kenneth Stein, M.D.: Yeah. Sure, Matt. We fully supported CMS' decision to reopen the NCD for ICDs and let me deal with that before the MRI. And what we gave in terms of our feedback to CMS was the recommendation they preserve coverage for the currently covered populations, and to revise the NCD so it doesn't limit device choice. And most important, I think, to liberalize some of the current restrictions so that it can be consistent with the current guidelines and appropriate use criteria as developed by the societies, ACC, HRS, et cetera. I think with MRI, again, the question in terms of what's going to happen with their NCD really is going to be whether they're going to remove some of restrictions on performing MRI for patients with legacy devices based on the results of trials like the MagnaSafe Registry. Whether or not they do that, I don't see as having really any substantial impact on the market for devices that are being implanted currently.
