Charles McKhann: Yeah, no. Thanks, Eric. Yes, under the new NDR requirements, there's obviously additional need for clinical data. So we have been able to leverage some of the data that was included in our initial clinical study that's been published, as well as a lot of the work that went into the U.S. application. As I'm sure, you know, in the past, having an FDA approval, it'd be almost a slam dunk, right? To quickly follow on in U.S. first. It really, right now, is just a timing element of as our notified body works through a backlog of applications from a lot of companies, but we think we've got the right materials that they need to get the approval.
Charles McKhann: Sure. Matt, as I think, you know, we have our core reps and the vast majority of our sales team in the U.S. carry the full bag of all three products, and then we've now layered on regional endobariatric managers that are focused on the opportunity in that area. And so for the first group, their priorities, if you look across product lines, we think we still have excellent opportunities to continue to identify and train new users in OverStitch, and they're doing that. But also driving additional usage in our existing base. That's a very important focus. For X-Tack, it's -- the strategy we laid out last year of continuing to be quite focused on a targeted set of accounts, and really driving the model of increasing adoption remains a priority for us.  And as I just alluded to the importance of being able to do that across multiple users in both upper and lower GI is a real focus for that group. And then another focus, I'd say is to sell the whole bag. We've got some of our reps who are very good at selling ORBERA, and some who've got less experience in it. And I think given what we're seeing already in the marketplace of a nice bounce for that product, we've got a lot of share learnings on it that I think is going to help our sales organization expand the product across some regions that have had a lot of success, and make that more consistent. So we're pretty excited about the opportunities across each of those. And then for the -- these already [Indiscernible] roles I mentioned, we have a group of early adopters internally, we refer to as Wave 1 that's reference on one of the slides you saw. And to really learning from them, right? It's a mix of both academic and private practices. It's a mix of GIs and surgeons. So we got different models that are already having a lot of success across a range of endobariatric. So the balloon is big part of that, but then also some of the other procedures. So we're learning a lot about everything it takes to build and grow those kinds of practices, and then having a focus on what the next waves are going to look like. And we're just striking the right balance given the fact that we don't have any indication for the suture inside of it. But we absolutely to do a lot with the balloon, including those co-margin programs I mentioned.
Charles McKhann: I think you see there's a mix of accounts in there. Some of that are pretty broad-based, some of the larger academic settings that truly are using a whole range of the products, and really incorporating X-Tack into that as well. So you've got all three products that are involved. And then you've got some that are more endobariatric accounts that absolutely will use both the Balloon and OverStitch, probably not likely to use a lot of X-Tack, because the applications are more limited in that setting.
Charles McKhann: Yeah, I know. Thanks, Adam. You know what? As we look across, we see each product can continue to contribute to growth. Thinking in order a little bit, I think the -- on the balloon side, I think we're still learning frankly in terms of sustainable elements of growth and what it can deliver, but we're encouraged. Obviously, we had a very good year last year. I'm not -- we're not planning for another year of 50% growth, but I'd be nice. But we do think it can be a sustainable contributor, which given the history for the product line would be a really good outcome. And so we're looking at that, and as we implement more of these programs and get more one-way with it, we'll have more to build on to say sort of the level of sustainable growth. And then we see, I think, a good balanced contribution then across the other two products. Good opportunities with X-Tack here in the U.S., and then layering on depending on the timing of approvals outside the U.S., and so that can absolutely be out there both this year and beyond. And then a lot of excitement, obviously around OverStitch, both the core GI applications we continue to add new users there. And the opportunities as the year progresses on the weight loss side. And again, that I mentioned before, we really are trying to be appropriate and have the right level of where we're not the folks promoting the aspects around the weight loss side for OverStitch until we have the right indication.
Charles McKhann: Yes. So when we submitted the application for the De Novo 510(k), I think even in the press release, Adam, we mentioned that, we had one of our outside law firms do an analysis that says on average, the De novo 5 10(K) takes 12 months. And each one is unique because there is no predicate. And we're working through the process, but we've mentally prepared ourselves for that kind of a timeline, which would put you in the second half of the year from a timing standpoint. But there's uncertainty around that, and we're going to do everything we can to move it along and support the process, hopefully to a successful conclusion. From that vantage point, given that kind of timeline, we haven't put a hockey stick kind of ramp into the sort of back half of our year, although we do know that even just general awareness in the community is having somewhat of a lift effect. So again, we're playing our role appropriately, but we do see a broader awareness about weight loss and endoscopic procedures, and people are coming to us interested about it. So -- and we can appropriately do things like training on the suturing techniques. But again, we're trying to be careful here.
Charles McKhann: Matt, I think the overall, it's still very much about the quality aspects. We do view this as a product that can be used quite widespread, but there are definitely learnings about the learning curve and nuances to even just, especially for people who aren't used to suturing. And it's much simpler than OverStitch, but it is for some of the alternative procedures are doing nothing. And so we want to make sure that people understand the product and how to use it well. And so we've got a heavy focus on a targeted set of accounts that are using the product -- sorry, that are doing these kinds of procedures at high volumes, and they are the primary focus for our sales organization. It doesn't mean we're not opening other additional accounts, but again, we really are trying to focus on that utilization metric because I think many people who have been involved with launches where you try to get out too quickly, get out to a lot of institutions or you're not getting the traction you want to get from a utilization standpoint, that continues to be a big focus with the team. We will continue then to build and grow over time by kind of the utilization first strategy in terms of how we do it.
Charles McKhann: Yeah. Matt, it's a fair question. I think the answer is possibly. It's a competitively sensitive product as well. So we're trying to be as guarded as we can around how much we actually offer. But to the extent that we can continue to share more of our key metrics without compromising some of that, we'll do that. I mean, we try to lay out as an example our sequential percentage growth, 40%, we saw 20% increase in number of ordering accounts. And clearly, you probably don't have a good view on the baseline, but we're trying to give you what we can without sort of compromising some of the competitive sensitivity.
Charles McKhann: Yeah. Now, Matt, it's a good question and one that we are working through, frankly. It's -- we've been with some experts in both the GI side of things and the hepatology side of things to really work through the learnings that have gone into recent trials in the NASH area. As I'm sure you're aware, there have been tens of trials, multiple trials on the drug side, many of which haven't been very successful. And so we're really trying to learn from those, while also taking a hard look at the data that we have for both Balloons and ESG, right? As we are collecting some additional data, you know MERIT has data on comorbidities, liver function was not one of them. But we've got some other studies in Europe that have reported some initial data that looks interesting.  And then you wrap in that there is still a whole ongoing set of discussions with CMS about exactly what their coverage policies might be for new technologies. The previous MCIT doesn't look like it's going forward, but they're talking about new versions of what they might do. So for all those reasons, we're taking a pretty deliberate approach to whether it's one product or both products, it's a one trial or multiple trials. As a small company, we probably only get one chance to get this right, so we're measuring twice, cut once approach here intentionally because there's just a lot of moving parts.
Charles McKhann: Yeah. Then I would say the majority do fall under that category of endobariatric or at least where endobariatric is a significant portion of what they do. And so that's an important element. Some of those will also be doing some of the core GI procedures, so they may, as I said in fact be using X-Tack as well. And so I think we do have some where it's kind of all in, and you've got both -- all three product lines contributing to that growth. But I would say a number of them, and probably the majority is primarily being driven by the balloon and OverStitch at that level, right. Really driving sort of those, as I mentioned, $600,000 volumes. Those are typically when you have institutions that really are embracing the role for endoscopic therapies on the weight loss side. Again, with the balloon often being a big part of that.
Charles McKhann: Just one more thing on the salesforce. Just to give you an order of magnitude, Frank. Last year, we -- this is U.S. I'm talking about. We almost doubled the sales force to about 30. I'd say order of magnitude by the end of the year of 2022 will be in the range of call it 40 to 45. We're not looking to double again. Now, that could change. Things take off and we're going to evaluate that as we go. But just to give you a sense of our thinking, it's not doubling again. It's continuing to grow and split some of the larger territories continue to get depth in some of the markets where we know we can drive growth with our current footprint. While in parallel, we're going to evaluate the overall footprint. I mentioned these regional endobariatric managers. That's almost like a pilot, right? To see what that role, how it contributes, how it complements the existing roles, in advance of the newer indication. And so we'll see the exact structure and size as the year goes on.
Charles McKhann: Hi, Ben. So for OverStitch, we did take a price increase at beginning of the year. We have in the past taken a cost of living increase. It was modestly higher this year in light of the inflationary environment that we see, and so that was certainly part of our planning. And so we implemented that really at the start of the year. Jeff was alluding to also as we get the new indication and the new products, how exactly we price those in the marketplace is still something we're working through when that plays into things like some of our reimbursement strategies and other areas. So that determination will be more closely tied to the roll-out of the new products, and the systems as it were for ESG and revisions, which will certainly in the back half of the year or even beyond as we kind of think through that aspect of it.
Jeff Black: Sure, Eric. And again, we haven't given quarterly guidance as you know, but I think it's consistent with what -- I think what you're hearing broadly in the industry is certainly early in the quarter, we saw pressured volumes, much like we saw in the fourth quarter. We're starting to see some of that abate. We're seeing nice momentum. But what we can say about the quarter is that we're certainly comfortable with where the street has us in terms of consensus for Q1. That in case, we start to think about the acceleration of the ramp to that 20% growth. That really happens once we get beyond the COVID impact and we start to see acceleration in some of these endobariatric practices.
Jeff Black: Yes, Adam. Just to add to that, as you think about it, as we think about our long-term growth play, and we talked about this 20-plus percent long-term CAGR, I think you need to think about it as, yes, as OverStitch and X-Tack being the outsized growers relative to that 20% and ORBERA likely being behind that, but that's really how you get to the blended growth of 20 plus percent. If that's helpful.
Jeff Black: Sure. Yes, Adam. Thinking about '22, we haven't given specific guidance, but we will see expansion. I think it's more of an evolution of the margin and not a step change. I think that's the way you need to think about it. There's still a lot that we're working through in terms of the planning for the launch of new products, the configurations, pricing considerations, a lot to really think about in terms of what might drive longer-term margin. I think you think about '22 margin and even really '23 is more of a gradual evolution.
Jeff Black: Yeah, Frank, good question. I think the first question on the sales force growth, we ramped up to about 30 by the end of the year. We've made some incremental hires throughout the course of the first quarter. I think where we are now is that we were really more focused on making sure that the existing sales force is trained up and that they begin to ramp up and we start to see the programs that are working, the ones that aren't, and adjust. And so I think you'll definitely see a bit of a ramp in hiring Q1, and we'll probably start to see another ramp later in the year. So I think as as you start to think about sales and marketing expenses ramping in the near term, it is some of the run rate from the larger commercial sales rep footprint. But then it's also the investment in the marketing type programs around endobariatric s that Charles walked you through. And then as you think about investments beyond sales and marketing, the reimbursement initiatives, bringing Keely on board and building out that team, some of the clinical initiatives in terms of a deeper dive on X-Tack publications and NASH strategy that we hope we'll get more clarity on by the end of the year, and then across the R&D product portfolio, COGS improvement, it really is in many cases just really making up for some level of under-investment historically.
Jeff Black: Awesome. Thanks again, folks for joining us. We really appreciate it. Very gratified with the progress we made in 2021 and looking forward to an exciting year ahead and thank you for your interest and the follow-up.
Adam Maeder: Hey, Charles, hey, Jeff. Thanks for taking the questions here and congrats on a nice year. Wanted to start with the guidance and see if we can just deconstruct that a little bit further particularly by segment. Just curious to get some additional color on how you think about the ESS franchise versus the balloon business in 2022. And if you're willing to kind of put any color around contribution from X-Tack, maybe we can start there and then I had a follow-up or two. Thanks.
Adam Maeder: Yes, that's helpful color guys. And maybe just a quick follow-up on that, and then if I could squeeze in a third, I'll try my luck. But for the follow-up, wondering if you guys can put a finer point on ESG in revision, FDA approval timing. Any finer point or specific quarter where we should expect those to come on label? And then is there anything in terms of the guidance that you've had -- that you have issued $73 million to $75 million that currently contemplates revenue directly associated to those indications? Thanks.
Adam Maeder: Okay. Really helpful, Chas. And just the last one if I may, just gross margin. Jeff, I think you gave some helpful puts and takes in the prepared remarks. But just want to kind of flush that out a little bit more. I think you have the mid 60s number in the slide deck over the next three to five years. Do we straight-line that from where we currently are to get there? Is it going to be a bit lumpy? Or I guess just trying to figure out exactly how we think about 2022 gross margin if you're willing to quantify to any extent. Thanks so much, guys. Appreciate it.
