Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Yes, I mean the sweep pricing will be included in that going forward about - you saw about a - basically about a month's worth in the quarter. We made the change in June so you saw about a third of a quarterly impact already included in the number. Look, I think when you drill into what's going on in the deposit side, I'd say a few things. One, the overall - you know, we're not seeing a lot of pressure on overall pricing in deposits. On the consumer side, this migration that's been happening now for a while from checking into savings or CDs is still happening, but at a slower pace. And you can see that over the last couple of years as it's been pretty stable the last quarter or two, but it's definitely slowing as you look at the quarter. And so I'd anticipate you'd still see more migration, but continuing to slow as we look as we look forward. On the wholesale side, we - the pricing has been pretty competitive now for a while and that's the case. And so we've been pleased to see that we're able to grow good operational deposits. And so given the competitive pricing there, that puts a little near-term pressure on NII, but those deposits are going to be very valuable over a long period of time, particularly as rates start to come back down. And so the positive, I think overall is you saw deposits grow in every line of business for the first time in a long time, and that migration is slowing to higher-yielding alternatives. And so we'll see how it plays out for the rest of the year, but I think there's some good positive trends that are emerging there.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. No, I'll take that and Charlie can chime in if he wants. As you look at trading at any given quarter, it's going to bounce around, right? So you can't necessarily straight-line any single quarter. So I'll be careful there as you look forward. But I think the good part is like we've been methodically sort of making investments in really all the asset classes, FX, credit, lesser degree in equities and other places, but we're getting the benefit of those investments each quarter on an incremental basis. I think that business is still constrained by the asset cap. And so we are not growing assets or financing clients' assets at the same level we would be if we didn't have the asset cap, which also then drives more trading flow as we go. And so I'd say we're still methodically sort of building it out and there should be opportunity for us to grow that in a prudent way for a while. But any given quarter may bounce around a little bit depending on what's happening in the market or an asset class. And we're getting good reception from clients as we engage with them more and see them move more flow to us.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. We won't talk much about 2025, John, but as you sort of look at what's happening, you're seeing this pace of migration on the deposit side flow, as I mentioned earlier. So you're seeing more stability as time goes by there. Once the Fed starts lowering rates, which the market expects to happen later in the year, you'll start to see betas on the way down on the wholesale side of the deposit base. You'll continue to see some gradual sort of repricing on the asset side as you see more securities and more loans sort of roll. And so you got to look exactly calling sort of the trough is which quarter it's going to be. Sometimes can be a little tough, but as you sort of look at all the components of it, we still feel pretty good about being able to see that happen over the coming few quarters.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I assume equity markets are about where they are today, yes, it's still staying pretty elevated.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. No, Erika. It's Mike. I appreciate the question. We give you the operating loss line in the supplement so you can see that. And if you - based on what we had said in January, if you assume that the $1.3 billion on a full-year basis was just split evenly across all the quarters, you can see that the operating losses are up about $500 million year-to-date over that run-rate. So that's the way to think about approximately what the impact of that is year-to-date in the first half.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Hi, it's Mike, Matt. So this was very specific to a sweep product in the wealth business. So it's a portion of that overall deposit, and it doesn't have any bearing on any other products. So I would just leave that very specific to that one individual product in fiduciary accounts or advisory accounts.
Mike Santomassimo: We didn't - we don't - that's not something we normally have out there. But you can see the impact is, - I sort of highlighted the impact is roughly $350 million for the rest of the year - for the second half of the year. And - so I would just use that as - and that's already embedded in sort of the guidance we gave.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. And I would just add one piece. As you look at new account growth, we're not originating anything less than 660. So, as Charlie mentioned, some of the credit tightening with 660 FICO, sorry. So as Charlie mentioned, the credit box has not been brought in really at all. And when you look at some of the bigger products like cashback, like the cashback card, active cash, the new originations are coming in at a higher credit quality than the back-book was. And so at this point, as Charlie said, we go through it at a very, very granular level each quarter and the results are kind of right where we expect. And if we start to see any kind of weakness at all, we're adjusting where needed.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I mean, I - Betsy, I covered that in my script too. So as you look at the advisory assets there, they get price-based on - and most of them get priced in advance for the quarter. So you know what third quarter looks like based on where we are now. And obviously, it's not all equity market. There's some fixed income in there as well. But you should see a little bit of an increase as you go into the third quarter based on where the markets are now and then we'll see what the fourth quarter looks like when we get there.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, trading. If you go to the supplement, that's the trading assets on an average basis are up 17%, a little more on a spot basis.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. There really is no rhyme or reason necessarily, Gerard, to exactly how that moves one quarter to the next necessarily. And obviously, if there's like large balance of volatility, you might see more transaction activity. That certainly hasn't been the case necessarily in the equity market in the second quarter. But to some degree, as that line item - over a very long period of time, that line item probably declines more and advisory goes up. And that's actually a really good thing from a productivity and from an ongoing revenue perspective as well.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, Steve. It's Mike. I'd say just a couple of things. One, this is not in reaction to cash sorting. We are seeing cash sorting slow in the Wealth business, just like we're seeing that in the consumer business. So this is not a reaction to that in any way. It's a relatively small portion of the overall deposits that sit within the - in the Wealth business, and it is very specific to this product, which is in an advisory account where there's frictional cash there. So it's not a reaction to competitive forces that we're seeing or us trying to be proactive somewhere to drive growth.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, let me start on the Wealth side and I'll come back to the I-banking or banking side. So on the Wealth side, what's really going to help us drive a margin expansion in that business over time are really kind of two things. One is continued productivity and growth in the advisory asset side, which you can see happening, and then two, and we've talked about this in other forums. It's doing a much better job penetrating that client base with banking and lending products. When you look at our loans in the Wealth business and you look at the overall asset base or the advisor for us, we're much less penetrated than some of the peers. And so I think those things really help drive us to get to more best-in-class margins, which are higher than where we sit today. And that takes some time on the lending side. In this rate environment, it's a little harder to drive that growth. And as rates start to come down, you'll probably see more demand there. And so there are some cyclical aspects of it that sort of come to from a timing perspective. But those are things that the - you know, Barry Sommers and the whole management team in Wealth are very focused on and making sure we've got the right capabilities, the right sales force, the right support for the sales force and so forth. On the I-banking side, we've been making investments in that business now for the better part of two-plus years, a little longer than that probably. And as we're adding good people, we're also not necessarily - we're also making sure that we've got the right people in the right seats. And so you're not seeing this really huge increase in overall senior headcount, you're actually - we're making sure we have the right people in the right seats, and so you've seen some reductions as you've seen some growth. And so that's helping also moderate the overall investment. And then also, as we brought those people on, you're paying them full freight when you recruit people, right? So what you're seeing is you're getting the benefit of those investments by adding the revenue piece now, but you've already got the expense in the run-rate to some degree. And so I think you'll see that pace of margin expansion moderate over time, but what you're seeing is what you should expect, which is like we made the investments, you're paying the people, now they're becoming productive incrementally each quarter and that's good to see.
Charlie Scharf: And this is Charlie. Let me just add a couple of things, which is, you know, as we think about the things that we're doing to invest in our banking franchise, both markets and the investment banking side of the franchise, it's not risk-based. It's actually - it's focused on customer flows on the trading side, it's focused on expanding coverage and improving product capabilities on the banking side. So what we look at - and we're also very, very focused on returns overall, as you can imagine, as all the other large financial institutions are. So as we're looking at our progress, we do look at share across all the different categories and would expect to see those to continue to tick up. And so as you look through the volatility that exists in the marketplace, we are looking at a sustained level of growth, recognizing that we don't control the quarter-to-quarter volatility.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, let me take a shot at it, Mike, and then you can add the color on this one. Listen, I think when you look at where we've been running capital, we've been trying to anticipate, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the uncertainties that exist around the way we find out about SEB, as well as the uncertainty that exists with where Basel III ultimately comes out. The reality of those two things are we know where the SEB is for this year at this point. We still don't know where Basel III ultimately winds up. So I think as we sit here today, we will continue - we'll be conservative on capital return in the shorter term until we learn more about exactly where Basel III will ultimately wind up, and then we can get more specific about what that means for capital return. So I think we're just trying to be very pragmatic. The reality is we're still generating a significant amount of capital and a reasonably sized dividend that's increased as our earnings power has increased. Given the fact that we have constraints, it is most of what the remainder of our capital generation goes towards capital return, but we want to see where Basel III ultimately winds up.
Charlie Scharf: I think where we are plus a little bit, probably not minus a little bit, but plus some is probably the right place to be at this point. Remember, the SEB was higher than we expected, and so that's factoring into our thinking. And so that's really what's driving our thinking in terms of slowing the pace of buybacks at this point. But again, hopefully, we'll get some more clarity on Basel III. We know what you know and then we'll be much clearer about what we think the future looks like there. But again, overall, we still have the capacity to buy back. We just as we've always been, we want to be prudent.
Charlie Scharf: So let me just take the first part. So just - and I appreciate you asking the question. I think, as far - from where - as we look forward, nothing has changed for us as we think about the opportunity to continue to become more efficient. That story is no different today than it was yesterday or last quarter. As we increased the estimates for the year, it's really reflective of three broad categories. One are the variable expenses that relate to our Wealth and Investment Management business where we have higher revenues that results in higher payout. And as Mike always points out, that's actually a good thing, even though it's embedded in the expense line, which causes that number to head upwards. The second thing are the fact that we've had higher customer remediations and FDIC expenses in the first half of the year, than when we contemplated the expense guidance. On the customer remediations, we've said it's - they're not new items. They're historical items. We're getting closer to the end of finalization in these things. And as that occurs, things like response rates and making sure that we've identified every - the full amount of the population gets all fine-tuned and that's what's flowing through. But that's a - it really rates to historical matters and not something that's embedded in what we see in the business going forward. So what you're left with is the rest of the earnings, I'm sorry, the expense base of the Company and it's playing out as we would have expected. And so as we sit here and look forward, all the statements I've made in the past are still true, which is we're not as efficient as we need to be. We're focused on investing in growing the business. We're focused on spending what's necessary to build the right risk and control infrastructure and we're focused on driving efficiency out of the Company and that lever is as continues to be exactly what it's been.
Charlie Scharf: So that's why, Erika, when I was talking before, when you look at what's driving the increase in the expense guide, it is remediations in the first and second quarters. It's the FDIC expense that you've seen, and it's the increase in variable expenses. Everything else is playing out as we would have expected.
Charlie Scharf: Well, when you say - well, I think when we look at the reserves, you have to bucket into different pieces. Our exposures are coming down in parts of the consumer business. And our - based on underwriting changes we've made, it's not just balances, but also the actual losses. So that's what's driving the reductions in that part of the loss reserves on the consumer side. And on the credit card side, it's really driven - the increase is really driven by balances. So you've got two very different dynamics going on there with the releases being just representative of a smaller higher credit quality credit portfolio. And then on the wholesale side, what we - the losses that we've seen and the credit performance in our CIB office CRE portfolio is playing out no worse than we would have expected when we set our ACL, but there's still uncertainty there so we're maintaining the coverage. So overall, there's really - in terms of our expectations, no real change from what we're seeing in the CRE portfolio, which is where the lost content is actually coming through. And elsewhere, things are still fairly benign other than some episodic credit events in part of the wholesale business, but no real trend there.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. So, Mike, why don't I'll start, and then you can chime in? So first of all, we - when we look at our credit card performance, we do not look at it in total, right? We look at each individual product. We look at all of the performance broken out by vintage, and we compare the results that we're seeing, both in terms of balance build as well as credit performance, not losses, but starting very early with early-on book's delinquencies, and we look at how they're playing out versus pre-pandemic results as well as what we would have anticipated when we launched the product. As I've said, we look at the actual quality of the consumers that we're underwriting and the overall credit quality. We haven't compromised credit quality at all. We've probably tightened up a little bit as time has gone on relative to where we had been, but the actual performance when you look at the vintages is it's really spot-on with what we would have expected. So what you're seeing in terms of the increase in loss rates is just the maturing of the portfolio. And the last thing I'll just say is just when you think about the Wall Street Journal article, you know, that - we've launched a lot - a bunch of new credit cards. That is a - relative to the size and the scope of all of the cards that we issue and what our strategy is, that's a very, very, very small piece of it.
Charlie Scharf: And just one last comment here, which is, again, because I appreciate the question. Whenever it's - you know, whenever you see a lot of growth in a product that has risk in it, it's always the right thing to ask the questions. We're not - this isn't - the people that are doing this, both in our card business, club who runs consumer lending myself like it. This is not a new product for us. We've seen this happen in the past. We've seen people do this well and we've seen people not do this well. And so we're very, very conscious of the risks that you're pointing out as we go forward, just as we are on the other businesses that we're investing in.
Charlie Scharf: Well, let me start. I think - so first of all, relative to where the balance sheet is running, we're not - let me say, we want to - we're careful about how we run the overall balance sheet, right, which is we don't want to operate at the cap on a regular basis because you've got to be prepared both for a customer appetite in terms of lending and deposits when you see it, as well as we lived through COVID where there was an event and all of a sudden there were a bunch of draws and we have to live within that asset gap. So running it with a cushion is a very smart thing we think for us to do, even though you can argue we're giving up some shorter-term profit. So that's just the reality of where we live. And so as we think about the markets business and what that means, yes, in the perfect world, we - you know, we're allowing them to finance some more. There are more opportunities out there for us to be able to do that. But what we are doing is, as we think about inside the Company optimizing the balance sheet and where we get the most returns and where there is more demand and less demand, there has been less demand in other parts of the Company and there's been more demand on the trading side. So our assets are actually up 15%-ish.
Charlie Scharf: So we're just trying to - so we're reflective of what those opportunities are but we've got to keep capacity for the reasons I mentioned.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. Yes. As we - first of all, when we think about AI, we do break it into different categories, right? There is traditional AI and then there is GenAI. We have a huge number of use cases already embedded across the Company with just traditional AI. And that is - it's in - it's in our - it's in marketing. It's in credit decision-ing. It's in information that we provide bankers on both the wholesale on the consumer side about what customers could be willing or might be willing to entertain a discussion about. And so that is - in a lot of respects, that's business-as-usual for us. The new opportunity that exists with GenAI is where AI creates something based upon whether it's public data on our own data in terms of things that haven't existed. We are most focused in the shorter term on things that can drive efficiency, but it also contributes to just quality of the experience for our customers. So great examples of things like that are call centers. We take a lots of phone calls and we've got lots of opportunities through AI to answer those questions before someone gets to a call center rep. But once they get to a call center rep, we put a lot of effort into answering that question correctly, but also making sure that we're capturing that information, understanding root cause across all these calls we get. That means bankers have to go - telephone bankers have to go in, actually enter what the call was about, what they think the root cause is. We then have to aggregate that and so on and so forth. Through GenAI, that can be done automatically. It could be done immediately and the work can be done for us to identify that root cause, so then we can go back, look at it, make sure that's the case and make the change. So ultimately, that results in, fixing defects going forward, but it also takes so much manual effort out of what we do. And so that's - and so any place where something is written, something is analyzed by an individual, we've got the opportunity to automate that. Those things exist on the wholesale side as well as the consumer side. And to the extent that they impact a consumer, we're going to move very slowly to make sure we understand the impact of that. And so the work is a meaningful part of as we think about prioritization in terms of our tech spend.
