John Shrewsberry: So I think it's a good jumping-off point. And I think the biggest puts and takes are going to be what happens with both deposit and loan growth coming from separate drivers; what happens with, in particular, retail deposit betas, which as I pointed out have been outperforming our -- or the industry-modeled expectations and past performance; and then maybe, although not immediately, what happens at the long end of the curve as we continue to redeploy excess liquidity in our bond portfolio. And I guess importantly also, hedge ineffectiveness accounting now runs through interest income, or a portion of it does. So at the -- that was the biggest driver in this quarter-to-quarter. So that will be up or down from quarter-to-quarter, a little harder to model. But the first items that I mentioned are the ones that are going to drive the outcome.
John Shrewsberry: I think that's right. Our liquidity coverage ratios and other key regulatory measures of liquidity are very strong, and we have calculated excess that could be put to work. So for example, if loan demand were to pick up, that would be no problem to satisfy. And similarly from -- one question that's -- I think we've talked about it before, but this notion of, in the old days, the difference between cash and duration of the bond portfolio, there's a bigger pickup for the risk that you're taking. These days, there's less of a pickup because the curve is so much flatter. So the -- being patient as we sit here and wait for better entry points doesn't cost us as much as it used to, because we're earning so much more in cash. And then lastly, of course, the sensitivity of OCI is something that we certainly model and stress and think about in terms of what happens at any point, if there's a big, big move up in the long end in the short term. But that shouldn't prevent us from continuing to redeploy if long rates were higher, as we have excess liquidity building, or if we've got the existing bond portfolio amortizing or paying down.
John Shrewsberry: I don't think home equity is going to slow. Because even if we're up 15% year-over-year, which we're excited about, those are relatively small numbers. The modern-era home equity business just isn't as robust as the runoff from the, call it, the pre-crisis, now amortizing home equity portfolio. And in auto, I think we're flat, we'll be flat to up in originations. It's just a question of how fast we're amortizing in the more seasoned portfolio. So those -- where those lines cross, whether it was late this year, early next year or a little bit later into next year is hard to judge, unless we'll see quarter by quarter what the originations are. But I would say that we're happy that we sort of stabilized and are now viewing the origination path as growing.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So we're very happy with the results. And as we've described, we're on a path to get down toward our 10% target over the next 2 to 3 years. And this is a big first step in doing that. I mentioned that our approach to repurchases will be a little bit more front-end loaded than it has historically, because as you described, we have so much excess. I think it's unlikely that we would be going for a top-up. We are -- the way we approach our ask is by conducting a rigorous assessment of our risks, developing a scenario that we think is appropriately severely adverse, and then measuring our earnings stream through that scenario and judging how much room we have to take capital out. And in our own calculations, we think the approach that we took got us to the right level of capital to -- or gets us to the right level of capital to run our business. We'll see what the next few quarters or even several quarters deliver in terms of RWA growth and earnings growth or earnings volatility or anything like that. But I wouldn't count on a midstream bite at the apple, because we're going to be so busy executing on the capital plan that we have. Conditions could change, but that's my assessment today.
John Shrewsberry: One more thing just, Betsy, to mention is that we're also in the middle of the NPR period, or the comment period on the NPR for the stress capital buffer. And we don't know -- the industry doesn't know yet exactly how that's going to land, whether it's going to produce a lot more expected year-to-year volatility. There's not a lot of transparency currently in how those outcomes are calculated by the regulatory community. So there's work to do there, and that's a little bit of an overhang, I think, for everybody until it's better understood.
John Shrewsberry: I will say that the -- where we are in the aggregate for fee income is part of what's driving us to get overall fixed expenses as low as they can possibly be, so a little bit different than Erika's question about revenue-related expense on the fee side. But if fee income continues to be under pressure and not growing at an acceptable rate, we're going to go even deeper in core expenses.
John Shrewsberry: No, everybody. Would you like one? It's available for Bank of America's -- we would be happy to deliver one to you.
John Shrewsberry: I haven't added up and backed out, but I can tell you that the forecast with 2 quarters in the books is to end up in the range of $53.5 billion to $54.5 billion with the $600 million that you described. We can separately reconcile that, but it does require us to deliver in the second half things that are currently in the -- hard in the forecast to take out.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. Well, we laid out a simulation at Investor Day that describes beyond the second half the expense path for this year, next year and into the following year. There are different revenue assumptions, whether it's the mix of fee and rate or rate sensitivity based on what happens to the curve that you would apply to that and then the Capital Plan that was recently approved in terms of what it means from an ROE perspective. And I think we've got conviction, high confidence that the, call it, 15% ROE, 17% ROTCE in that simulation is exactly where -- we're very confident we'll deliver. It can certainly be better depending on what happens with revenue. We weren't baking in a lot of revenue upside in that just because of the quality of -- the conviction of delivery is easier on the lower revenue number. So what happens in the second half, what happens through 2019 will reflect the expenses that we're talking about. Now there could still be one timers that come through from -- or I have to say operating losses in excess of the $600 million that we want to -- that we'll talk about as we -- as they occur, if they occur. But that's the path that we're on. And while doing that, we're trying to grow revenue in every category that makes sense. And we think that, that, call it, pro forma is very reasonable.
John Shrewsberry: It's expected to close on August 1. Yes, the buyer had a regulatory approval that they had to achieve, and they've announced that they've reached that, obtained that.
John Shrewsberry: No. There's, call it, $1.8 billion worth of loans coming off the books. $1.5 billion of auto receivables and $300 million of floor plan. We've already taken a LOCOM adjustment to the purchase price, and there was some -- a positive impact in our allowance when we did that because we were reserving for consumer loans in Puerto Rico after last year's hurricane, but those have already gone through the numbers.
John Shrewsberry: I mentioned in my comments that our average drawn rate on revolving credit facility has been about 40% not only year-over-year, but basically at every month throughout the year. That's on $500 billion worth of commitments, so a broad swathe of every business, every industry. It's mostly U.S. but a range of regional geographies, et cetera, not much movement in people's utilization of available credit.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, it's a good question. I mean, it's a portfolio that we designated as noncore a long time ago. They're -- it's a portfolio of borrowers who, while they've improved since we originally acquired the portfolio and the merger with Wachovia, are still not of the same credit quality as our average prime jumbo borrower. So they're still a little bit -- it is a lower credit quality mortgage portfolio. In this environment where the market or the bid for yield is so hot, we make comparisons of how many years' worth of net interest income we're essentially capturing at once from somebody who's willing to pay today -- or receive today's yields for those higher coupons. And from time to time, it's made sense to do it. That bid could fade, and we'd be happy riding it out with those portfolios over time. But it's partially economic and opportunistic and, frankly, a continued realization that, that is a noncore portfolio. It's something that we wouldn't originate today. We wouldn't have originated for ourselves. And over time, it's intended to go to zero.
John Shrewsberry: Well, yes, we are. But in terms of the -- our overall expenses for '19, this $52 billion to $53 billion that we're guiding to is a way to think about what that means in connection with run rate expenses, investment expenses, everything else that's going on. But yes.
John Shrewsberry: It's too soon to tell because we're still at the NPR stage and a lot could change. We submitted our own comment letter back. It's posted on the Fed's website, so you can get our institutional thoughts on what they might do next with their proposal. I agree that as we looked at the expected impact on everybody, it would appear to be a little bit higher than what folks have targeted for a CET1 level today. Having said that, I think maybe because of our business model, the initial calculated impact to us is probably at the lower end of that range, especially for the larger banks. But I think it's too soon to tell. We could all use a little bit more transparency to understand where the numbers are really coming from. And at the margin, we have a bias against having really volatile year-to-year capital levels if business models aren't really changing and absent an actual realized change in the economic environment. And it doesn't feel like we're there yet, so that's what we're shooting for.
John Shrewsberry: Just like before as it was moving down, it -- at the margin, what seems to matter most there is what's going on with our highest-cost deposits that end up sitting in cash as we have been increasingly liquid. So we've described what's happened to the balance sheet as some higher beta deposits have run off. Those were -- those diminished the net interest margin. They produced net interest income, but they diminished the margin. And when they're reduced somewhat, then the margin goes up, even though net interest income is probably a little bit lower. So I would look to those things as quarter-to-quarter impacts. It's hard to forecast what's going to happen with hedge ineffectiveness because that has more to do with the basis between LIBOR and OIS and a couple of other things, at least what runs through NIM. And then, of course, whether we're deploying cash into loans will have an impact, and what we pay for deposits will have an impact. So like a lot of things, I do think we should all be looking out for the retail deposit repricing experience in the industry, which has been very low to date. And if anything, it's going to have an impact both on net interest income or NIM in the near term. It'll be paying more for those types of deposits, which hasn't happened yet.
John Shrewsberry: We have a very big money market mutual fund complex in Wells Fargo Asset Management. And that is the first place that when it's appropriate for a customer to be moving some liquidity out of their bank account and into an asset management instrument, we want to be the ones to do that for them, so.
John Shrewsberry: And incidentally as it relates to underwriting standards, it's not all bank-to-bank competition. The competition here is as broad as it's ever been with life companies, mortgage REITs, other asset management types of vehicles, sovereign wealth funds. Any pool of capital that's out there looking for return has got its finger in the pot of commercial real estate finance. One item Tim didn't mention, which is -- which will be one of the tests as we go through this cycle, is retailer-related commercial real estate, so malls and shopping centers, given the focus that folks have on the strength or the ability to compete with different types of retailers. That's probably the -- one of the single individual stripes of risk that is mostly in play in commercial real estate these days.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So I think the industry originally estimated that, that surcharge would have run its course by the end of Q2 of this year. Now it looks like it's going to run through Q3 of this year. And I think the annual benefit to Wells Fargo from the FDIC surcharge is...
John Shrewsberry: $300 million. So we'll be missing a quarter of that benefit in this year because it's pushed out a quarter.
John Shrewsberry: Well, I think we're out there competing for deposits, the type of deposits that makes sense for us, those that provide the most liquidity benefit. And we're competing for loans day in and day out. And that's what's going to drive the size of the balance sheet. We've talked about the competition for loans and the fact that we've got some portfolios running down on purpose, some where we've tapped the brakes like commercial real estate and auto, although we're probably more open for business in auto than we have been over the last several quarters. But nonetheless, we're still -- we're not growing RWA or GAAP assets at any exciting pace. So what happens with customers on the deposit side, what happens with customers on the loan side is going to drive what the right size is for our balance sheet. There are some other, and we've talked about them in connection with the asset cap, there are some businesses where we can essentially put on balance sheet for securities financing or other things that probably run up GAAP balances and leverage a little bit faster than that natural loan growth type of activity. But there's no -- there's -- frankly, there was never a forecast or an approach to try and drive the size of the balance sheet larger. We can -- we're at scale in every business that we operate in. We're really more focused on getting more profitable, growing customer relationships, growing the number of customers and then taking what the -- what our risk appetite and the markets will give us on the loans side. And I think we could operate under $2 trillion for, frankly, a good long time and be very increasingly profitable and serve all the customers that we have.
John Shrewsberry: We're not operating at max efficiency because there's no pressure to do that. So we're still serving many of those customers in that area. And if it ever came down to a decision between one type of a customer deposit, for example, to take or another, there are other levers to pull. But it's just -- it's not a constraint that's weighing on the company at this time.
John Shrewsberry: Well, I mean, headcount there is both employees as well as people who work on a contract basis. We've talked about it in terms of dollars. I think our aggregated IT expenses is in the $8 billion range these days. Now a portion of that is risk related and lots of it isn't. It's transforming. It's modernization. It's move to cloud. It's our data environment. It's a number of things. But a meaningful portion of it is in reduction of technology and information security risk at the margin.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So there's a couple -- I don't have the number at my fingertips, but I can tell you that one of the things to take account -- take into account in doing that is the way that we're increasingly using self-serve and technology to enable customer service and sales. So for example, we've described 12% of our new deposit account opens happening digitally and 43% of our credit card new accounts happening digitally. Previously, those sales would have happened through people, and now those sales are happening through technology. So the -- it's a little apples and oranges over the past few years with the passage of time. I'd say sales, service and operations, though, just in -- to your question in particular, sales, service and operations probably account for between 70% and 75% of our headcount. And staff and technology and, call it, whatever other means are between 25% and 30% of headcount. And that hasn't changed very much.
John Shrewsberry: I would think of it more as the GAAP assets that came down had very low risk weights, because it's -- we're running down high runoff factor deposits that -- where the asset side is sitting in cash. So what remains is something akin to the same RWA that was already there. That's the easiest way to think about it.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. I don't think every dollar of a money market mutual fund would have stayed inside Wells Fargo. Some of it -- much of it did, as Tim described. There are other puts and takes. There's market movements. There's customers coming and going. The Rock Creek AWM, actually, that would be in asset management, not in wealth management. I see wealth client assets are up 3% year-over-year and down a little bit quarter-over-quarter, yes. There's nothing in particular that, that's attributable to.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. That's a part of the business that helps the customer -- the commercial customer run their business. It helps them with their procure to pay. it helps them with shortening up their receivables cycle. It reduces the need for working capital in their business. And that's the value-add, and we wouldn't want to move away from that.
Timothy Sloan: Yes, Betsy, just to add on to John's comment. I mean, I think a 70% increase from last year was -- we were really pleased with that. But I think it's really important to emphasize that when you think about capital policy, you really can't think about them as short term. You got to think about it over the long term. We -- the CCAR plans that we provide to the Fed are over a multiyear period. We're managing this business over a multiyear period. That's one of the reasons why John and I and Neal have been talking about getting down to our 10%-ish level over the next 2 to 3 years. And so we're going to continue to manage capital in an appropriate way, thinking on a multiyear period. So I want to reemphasize what John said, and that is I think the likelihood that we're going to take any sort of additional action this year is remote.
Timothy Sloan: No, not at all. I mean, we're hopeful that it's going to rise over the next few years, a function of hopefully higher payout rates and then also more earnings.
Timothy Sloan: It really depends on the portfolio, Scott, so it's hard to describe it on an aggregate basis. But clearly, the pace of the involuntary runoff as it relates to some of the Pick-a-Pay as well as home equity will continue. I mean, the underlying consumer real estate portfolio is performing very well. We were pleased to see, as John mentioned, originations in home equity pick up on a sequential-quarter basis and year-over-year, which was good. And we hadn't seen that in a while. So we're pleased with that. I think that -- and to emphasize, as John said, in the auto business, I think we've seen the inflection, plus or minus. And we should be able to grow originations from here. Where the lines cross, as John mentioned earlier in terms of growing the overall portfolio, it's likely to happen in the -- sometime in the first half of next year, not 100% certain when. We'll continue to look at the Pick-a-Pay portfolio. And to the extent that there are opportunities to sell it at very attractive prices, which is what we've done over the last couple of quarters, we'll continue to do that. On the origination side, I think we're going to continue to kind of be the Wells Fargo that's been around for decades, and that is that we're going to underwrite in an appropriate way. And that means that in some portfolios, we get a little bit of a headwind, like we've seen in Commercial Real Estate. But gosh, we've only seen that hundreds of times in our history, and so we'll get through that. So overall, I think we're feeling good about the areas that we can control in terms of growing the portfolio. And credit card is pretty interesting. When you look at the growth that we've seen year-over-year, it's been about 4% with this new card. We expect that to be higher, which is good. So I know it's a long-winded answer to your question and more granular. But I think overall, we've really exed the home equity and some of the continued runoff in the residential mortgage portfolio. We're feeling good about growth over time.
Timothy Sloan: Yes, I'll start. John, jump in. I think historically when you look at periods of overcapacity in the mortgage business, the rationalization doesn't naturally clearly occur in the second and the third quarter because those are the quarters where you see the most originations. So my guess, and it's just a guess, is that we will probably see more rationalization in the fourth quarter of this year and the first quarter of next year if the same level of demand for first mortgages continues. But again, this is, as you know, it's a cyclical business. We've seen this before. We'll see it again. I think the real benefit from our model, unlike maybe a monoline mortgage-only originator, is we've got the balance sheet product. We've got the for-sale product. We've got a servicing business, and then we provide financing in our wholesale business to mortgage originators. So having that diversified business model is really helpful when you're going through a period of overcapacity.
Timothy Sloan: Yes. So there's always going to be volatility in some of the gains from equity securities, trading assets and the like, so I'm going to set that aside for a minute. Some of the volatility that you've seen in our fee line has also been from the sale of certain businesses like the commercial insurance business. And that's onetime, so I'd factor that out. I think that the proactive decision that we made, the consumer friendly decision that we made really hit our -- and impacted our service charges on deposit accounts, which were down 9% year-over-year. What you're seeing now from the first to the second quarter is a moderation of that impact. And so that's one line item I would point to and say, my gosh, it's probably going to be growing over time from here. May not exactly happen in the third quarter, but probably growing over time from here. That's a big impact that in terms of the math that you just described, I think our expectation is that trust and investment fees will continue to grow. We had a nice quarter this quarter in Investment Banking. That was terrific. And then on the card side, you've seen really strong growth in cards. And again, we're excited about the new Propel Card, which should drive that. So hopefully that's a little bit more granularity for you, but there's no question that as it relates to mortgage, the net gains from originations have been under some pressure.
Timothy Sloan: No, it works that way in our model, and it needs to work that way in our model. If we're not generating revenues, we need to reduce expenses. And Investment Banking in the first quarter -- or in the second quarter, that was not the experience we had. But I think Michael DeVito and Mary Mack are doing a good job in terms of managing the expense levels in the mortgage business. And if -- you've got to plan for the environment you're in, hope it gets better, but certainly you need to make those decisions. I don't know, John, if you have any other comments on that.
Timothy Sloan: Yes, so I would describe in the C&I side, the demand is good, but I wouldn't describe it as great. And to your point about kind of the various businesses, I think the corporate demand tends to be more transaction-deal oriented, so there have been a number of acquisitions, mergers and the like that have been more up to drive that business. So it feels a little bit more episodic today than maybe in other cycles. I think kind of the middle-market demand is -- and we saw growth in our middle-market banking business, so that continues to be good. Small business was again good. I wouldn't describe it as great. In terms of some of the other -- the capital finance business, particularly on the equipment side, was actually very good. And I think you're seeing medium-sized and small businesses take advantage of the write-off capabilities in the new Tax Act, which is a positive, I think, long term for the economy. We're continuing to see real, nice opportunities in our asset-backed finance, ABF business, really across industries. So there's no kind of one driver there. And on the reduction side, we did see a decline in the financial institutions business, primarily driven by demand from financials outside the U.S. So overall, I would say C&I is good but not great, and there's a little story in each one of them. But I think it does reflect an economy that's growing 3-ish percent.
Timothy Sloan: And that's really driven by the fact that so many of our customers are just so liquid today, which is one of the reasons why credit quality is so good.
Timothy Sloan: Yes. I wouldn't necessarily describe it as a concern on our part. I think what you're seeing is an aging and retirement of the FA population. I think it's somewhere between 1/3 or 40% of the population -- or the attrition is just folks retiring, which we've been planning for, for a while. The -- in addition, we had one episodic impact, and that was that when Wachovia purchased A.G. Edwards, there was a 10-year agreement structure, and that 10-year agreement structure matured in the second quarter. And so we saw a little bit of an increase there. I think overall, what we're -- when you look at the first quarter to the second quarter, I think we're down less than 200 FAs, and the overall quality of the FAs has actually increased a bit. I think that this is a challenge that the industry has because the average age of an experience level of FAs in the market is just a little bit older than your average banker. And so we're going to continue to deal with that. I think the key for us is to make sure that we've got the right transition place -- in place, which Jon Weiss and David Kowach are very focused on, make sure that we've got -- we're continuing to develop the new FAs in the salary and bonus kind of business model structure and then making sure that we're continuing to invest on the digital side, Intuitive Investor is an example, so that the new demographic of investors has got additional options in addition to a real high-quality traditional FA model.
Timothy Sloan: But just to emphasize, the platform is an open architecture platform, and we talked about FAs a little bit earlier. I mean, our advisers are providing the appropriate advice for our customers in terms of what makes sense for that customer and client. Sometimes it's to a Wells Fargo mutual fund money market and sometimes it's to treasuries or some -- it's whatever makes the most sense for that customer. But we've got the broad product set if the customer wants to maintain their -- those balances at Wells Fargo.
Timothy Sloan: Good question. I think that what we're seeing is, overall, kind of a slowing of construction activity. So when you look at the detail that we provided in the supplement about the Commercial Real Estate business, we've seen a decline in construction opportunities. That's not atypical at this point in a cycle, that's for sure. There's a real constraint in terms of, candidly, availability of labor and underlying commodity prices have increased. So that's affected the pace of new home construction. That's a little bit different than in prior cycles at this time, I would say. I think overall in terms of kind of the many perm type commercial real estate loan, we are seeing a deterioration in underwriting standards. It's been occurring for some time, so I wouldn't say that it's necessarily accelerating. And then -- but I think relative to kind of other cycles, this is -- it's nowhere near what we saw in 2006 and '07 where we're literally telling folks to put their pencils down. And so I wouldn't describe it as anywhere close to that. But again, you need to be prudent when you're lending short on a very long-term asset.
Timothy Sloan: On the risk side, I think one of the highlights that we've provided at Investor Day is that we had added about 2,000 folks, team members in the risk function kind of year-over-year.
Timothy Sloan: Vivek, no change in the update from Investor Day and that we're working very constructively with the Fed. We've gotten some very thoughtful feedback from them. And our expectation is that sometime in the first half of next year, we'll be able to move through that. I think the point to emphasize there is that our goal is not to just meet expectations so we can get the asset cap lifted. Our goal is to make the fundamental investments and changes that we need to make in how we manage operational and compliance risk at the company. That's the goal, and that's where -- really where we're focused, but no update from a timing standpoint.
Timothy Sloan: Yes. Vivek, a portion went into other assets that we're managing. A portion went outside the company. And again, if that's the right thing for the client, that's fine.
Timothy Sloan: Yes. Marty, it's a really good question. I think our focus is -- and again, you asked it from a strategic standpoint, so let me maybe step back and take it at a higher level. If we have information that can help our customers manage their finances better, and our vision is to help our customers succeed financially, then we should provide that information to our customers, period, right. Over the long run, that is a winning, winning business model. In the short run, as we've talked about, it's been a drag on deposit service charges. And from my perspective, making that -- taking that short-term pain from a revenue standpoint to make the long-term investment in terms of providing the right products, services and information to our customers, we'll make that all day long, right. And so in -- as it relates to Overdraft Rewind or the breadth of our real-time and our balance alerts capabilities, there's no question that those are industry leading. And over time, we think that's going to provide us with a competitive advantage. And we're going to continue -- as we talked about some of the innovation that I highlighted in my earlier comments and the breadth of innovation that Avid talked about at Investor Day, we're going to continue and hopefully increase the pace of that innovation. Again, in the short term, sometimes that has a negative impact on revenues. Over the long term, that makes our customer relationships more valuable. It makes them want to do more business with. It makes them more stable. And for example, we're seeing that in terms of the growth of primary checking accounts. And we're seeing that in terms of the value of those primary checking relationships, which continues to occur. It doesn't happen in one quarter, right. And that's one of the challenges when you try to balance that short term versus long term.
Timothy Sloan: Well, I think the driver on the treasury side, even though price is important, it's much more important to provide the breadth of products and services and to invest in technology because you're generally dealing with sophisticated businesses. And for example, that's why we introduced the biometric iPrint, right, so that treasurers and money managers can move things more quickly and have more safety and security. I mean, historically, we've always ranked at the top in the treasury management business in terms of our capabilities. And so I think there, the focus should be much less about price and much more about continuing to invest in technology and services.
Timothy Sloan: Great. Well, I want to thank everybody for your time and for your questions. I know it's been a very busy morning for all of you. I do also want to take the opportunity to thank our 265,000 team members. I think we've got the best team in the business. They're working very hard to not only serve our customers but meet and exceed our six goals. So again, thank you very much, and thank you for your trust in Wells Fargo.
