Tim Sloan: Well, you’re absolutely right John. This last year in terms of our total purchases that’s what we’re able to accomplish to keep shares about flat. We’re hopeful that over time as we continue to return more capital to shareholders that we will have the ability to increase the amount of shares that we can repurchase. But that’s subject to the capital plan that we just submitted. So over the long-term we would like to do better than what we did this year. 
Tim Sloan: I would say it’s -- it was a relatively normal year. As you know having our team members received some of their compensation based upon on the shares is really important to make sure that the team members and shareholders are very aligned in terms of the long-term growth of the company. 
Tim Sloan: I wouldn’t assume that they would be completely gone in the first quarter. There’s going to be some clean up this month and maybe trailing into next. They will clearly come down materially, I don’t know what the exact number is going to be. They will be completely out of the run rate in the second quarter. 
Tim Sloan: We’ve got some good track record in doing that and our mortgage folks have seen cycles before. You saw what we were able to accomplish in 2011 in the second quarter and then also in 2010. There is a bit of a lag, so I would say there’s about 60 to 90 day lag, so call it a one quarter lag but we can move pretty quickly. 
Tim Sloan: John, I wish I could give you a guarantee of what specifically the impact will be. It does seem to have moderated a bit but it’s really a function of all the mix of loan growth and also of securities purchasers. But it seems like it’s moderating a bit.
Tim Sloan: Erika, you raised a really good point and that is we did see very outsized deposit growth and the fact of the matter is that a good portion of that deposit growth came toward the end of the quarter. And whenever that happens, we want to be careful to watch that deposit growth overtime to make sure that we do think it is sticky. What’s interesting is that notwithstanding that we’ve had periods like this over the last couple of years, one in point would be the third quarter of 2011. But that deposit growth has been maintained here. So we’re optimistic that we can maintain a good portion of that deposit growth. My guess is we probably -- it maybe difficult to maintain all of it. And so it creates a real opportunity for us because the way that we think about deposit growth is not just to fund our loan growth or fund investments. It’s broadening the relationships and bringing new relationships into the company and so that gives us an opportunity not only to invest and increase, spread income over time but to be able to broaden those relationships so that we can grow fee income, which is really what you saw this quarter. We saw broad-based fee growth and the way that we think about that fee growth this quarter is reflective of all the deposit growth that we’ve had over the last couple of years, which has been pretty exciting. 
Tim Sloan: Erika, the math that you just did is reasonable. However, I don’t know what our expense run rate is going to be in the second quarter. What I do know is that we’re going to continue to focus on reducing expenses and improving our expense efficiency ratio. If revenues are up, I would expect expenses to be a little bit higher and that’s a good thing. As long as we’re delivering those, our revenues at a reasonable return and seeing an improvement in the expense efficiency ratio. But again we’ve been very clear we still believe that our expenses are too high. But we’re focused on improving the expense efficiency ratio as opposed to providing the target in terms of the hard dollar costs in any quarter. 
Tim Sloan: Well, it’s two ways to think about it. It’s a good question and of course you know how much we enjoyed talking about the NIM. So any additional questions are terrific. But the way that we think about it is that we look at the underlying risk return for any security and we do that every day for our entire portfolio. And so you really need to start looking at that on a security by security basis. And there are certainly days when we look at some of our investments and we decide that it makes sense to go ahead and sell. But remember that we think about that -- the -- that portfolio, the AFS portfolio as a longer term investment portfolio. So you don’t really see a lot of sales, it tends to be a little bit of the exception, because again we’ve invested those for the long-term. I think in terms of the potential capital impact, you’re absolutely right, it does take, it is going to be a potential impact and that’s one of the reasons why we think it’s prudent to have a cushion in addition to the minimum 8% Tier 1 common equity under Basel III estimates that we’ve talked about now since Investor Day. And we’re making a lot of progress in terms of growing our Tier 1 common equity 8.18%, so we are going to be at 9%, hopefully in the next year or so. But again that’s another reason to have a question. But I wouldn’t look to us try to monetize that $11.9 billion, because we think we’re getting the good risk return on the spread income for those investments.
Tim Sloan: No. I don’t I think that that would make sense because and what you’d have is you have an asset that’s generating income that’s not mark-to-market and versus hedge that’s potentially marked. And that creates a mismatch in, the industry that’s created problems and that’s just not how we think about it.
Tim Sloan: That’s absolutely right. It gives us great flexibility in terms of running the company, so you’re spot on.
Tim Sloan: Yeah. Joe, just a quick answer on line utilization, it was up slightly, but it wasn’t a primary driver. Actually was kind of interesting because the fiscal cliff negotiations and the potential for increases and changes in tax rates actually had slightly positive effect on loan growth in the fourth quarter, particularly toward -- on the commercial side and particularly toward the end of the quarter, so there was some amount of growth related to some of our customers taking actions and so on and so forth. But when you look at the growth within Wholesale Banking, it was pretty broad based. Our middle market lending business grew, our commercial real estate business grew, corporate banking grew, asset-backed finance grew. So we were very pleased with the performance and again, it just creates an opportunity to broaden relationships particularly with new customers. But it was very broad based and I would say that fiscal cliff was a net positive to loan growth.
Tim Sloan: Well, there is going to -- there’s always some seasonality, I should have mentioned that, I apologize. There is some seasonality, there could be -- we could see a bit of that fall off in the first quarter if that was primarily related to the fiscal cliff. But we feel confident that we can continue to grow our loans in Wholesale. As we mentioned we have been able to do that for a number of quarters and we’ve been able to do that for a number of quarters in many of the Wholesale Businesses.
Tim Sloan: Let me take the last part of your question first. The primary driver in terms of why we think the reserve release will probably slow this year is that we’re seeing a -- while we continue to see improvement and reduction in loan losses is improving at a slower rate than it was a year ago and two years ago, still seeing improvement. That’s great. In addition we’re seeing a growth in the loan portfolio. So we think we’re going to see reserve releases but the expectations that it will be a little bit less than what we saw or it will be less than what we saw in ‘13.  In terms of the Fed’s discussions again that’s a real work in progress right now. It’s something that is probably going to take a few years to determine -- it will probably increase our reserving level, it will probably be more of a one-time increase, and then you’ll see reserve on a current basis probably come down. But again I don’t want to speculate too much on that because it’s still a work in process, but I think it would be -- likely to be one-time reset for the industry and then the new world will potentially be lower reserves on a current basis. 
Tim Sloan: Yes and no, let me clarify, Paul. What we -- we’ve been very clear to call out the amount of first conforming first mortgage production that we otherwise would sell in a quarter and we did $9.8 billion of that in the third quarter and then we had $9.7 billion of that in the fourth quarter and then there will be another $2 billion to $3 billion from fourth quarter production that will close in January. Okay. That’s conforming first mortgage production. But what we will continue to do is we will continue to hold all of our non-conforming or jumbo mortgage production on balance sheet and I think our growth in the fourth quarter was about $4 billion. And we like that business, such a great business for us.
Tim Sloan: No. And again it was $8 billion of production that we had in the wholesale channel in the third quarter that we didn’t have in the fourth quarter because we exited that channel by the end of the third quarter. But the corresponded channels still a very important part of our origination that we did not tighten up underwriting standards for the corresponded channel.
Tim Sloan: By a small amount, yeah. I would just describe the decline in the pipeline as much seasonal as anything else. It’s still -- and we ended the quarter with one of the strongest pipelines that we’ve ever had in our history. So we’re very excited in terms of how we’re entering the first quarter.
Tim Sloan: Yeah. No, no not necessarily. Just we start the quarter with a higher pipeline then we did a year ago.
Tim Sloan: Yeah. A fair question. I haven’t looked over the last couple of weeks in terms of what the profitability -- last week, what the probability in terms of loans we brought in, in the last week. But it’s profitable right now.
Tim Sloan: Well, remember the strong deposit growth that we had in the fourth quarter was just in the fourth quarter. In fact, in the fourth quarter you saw our long term debt decline a bit and the way that we think about our long term debt levels today is that they are about where they need to be. And so much of what you will see us -- what you saw us do last year is just replacement. We still think it’s appropriate to have a certain level of long term debt, that’s very important in terms of our long term debt ratings. So it’s unlikely you’re going to see a big decline in that this year. 
Tim Sloan: Well, the foreign deposits we have are from customers. So candidly I hope those deposits are going to grow over time. In terms of short-term borrowings you could see a slight decline in our short-term borrowings because of the increase in deposits. 
Tim Sloan: Yeah I guess I would say the following. First, we still have about $2 billion, $2.5 billion of troughs that will likely come off the balance sheet this quarter, early second-quarter. And then I do think that if you look at the costs of our long-term debt even as it’s staying -- coming down a little bit but staying the same you’re seeing us make progress in terms of reducing the long-term debt costs just because when you look at the rate environment today versus when we originated some of our long-term debt, it’s just lower today. 
Tim Sloan: Here’s what I think about that, we went through this country especially with housing industry its really difficult period. You would expect that your litigation costs, all those sort of things will be elevated during that period. You’re right, we put a lot of stuff behind us, some of that is inherent to the business, as the business gets better I’d expect less of that but I’m pleased with how much we’ve gotten through with a lot of that behind us. 
Tim Sloan: And Matt, I would just note that even as we’ve had to be a part of these settlements and they clearly had a financial cost to the company, throughout that entire period we’ve generated record earnings.
Tim Sloan: I wish I knew the answer to -- specific answer to the question, Ken, because it’s a real good one. It’s one that we think about a lot around here. Maybe just to give you a sense of some of the magnitude, if you look back in the fourth quarter of 2011 our foreclosed asset expenses were $390 million, they were 221 this quarter that was down from the third-quarter, down from the second-quarter. So you’re seeing those costs, for example, come down quarter by quarter and not necessarily by a lot but that will never go down to zero but certainly we can continue to make progress on that. As it relates to our repurchase reserve build, I think that the biggest mistake anybody in this industry can make is predict when that’s going to end because we just don’t know. We’ve been fortunate over the last that we peaked in the second-quarter and we’ve seen a decline in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter, can’t promise you whether that’s going to continue but at some point we will be through all the vintages we will have all the conversations and will be done. But I don’t know the pace at which that can continue. So I’d love to give you a specific number, but I just don’t know, we just do believe that they’re going to be coming down over time. And that’s what you’ve been seeing over the last few quarters. 
Tim Sloan: Well, clearly some of it was related to channel mix because you think at the margin we didn’t have any wholesale origination versus having more retail. I don’t know what the exact impact that was on the margin, apologize we can follow up with that but the margin was up over 30 basis points quarter to quarter. So it was a combination of both.
Tim Sloan: No, I don’t think it’s inappropriate, that’s the gain on sale margin, there’s also higher costs and expenses associated with the two. But it’s a very, very good thing from our perspective. 
Tim Sloan: That was directly attributable to the gains that we had in the private equity business that we mentioned, so in our equity gains and so that’s really an offset to that. We didn’t necessarily feel like we had to offset that when we called out that impact. But you’re right, that’s actually [de duck] to the net of impact. 
Tim Sloan: Correct, unless we have -- if we have more gains -- the gains are a good thing, right but that’s what we would -- that’s correct, it’s d doc to us. 
Tim Sloan: Well, I think it’s a good analogy. It certainly has been a treadmill because our folks have been working very hard. But I think what gives us confidence is that’s what we did when you compare 2012 to 2011. We grew net interest income dollars in this environment.
Tim Sloan: Right. And so, we like it to be higher, you bet, we would. But I think we’ve been able accomplish that, not necessarily on a sequential quarter basis each quarter, but year-over-year we’ve been able to accomplish that with the headwinds that we all know we’ve experienced in the net interest margin. So, I guess, we just look at it and say, we hope history repeats itself because we think we can do that.
Tim Sloan: Mike, think about this, the average rate in the portfolio, securities portfolio is 4.77% and the street rate is 3.25, 3.5, I don’t know exactly where it is from day-to-day, but so on average there is at least a 100 basis point opportunity there, customers typically are using the money, they do that 50 basis points. Now it’s going to be little more difficult, yet it is marketing and retail more important, absolutely, that’s placed to us. We have the largest retail sales force, we have thousands of team members in our stores. We’re talking to customers everyday and finding leads. So this is what we do. So again, I don’t know how many quarters it’s going to be. I don’t know all that. But I am optimistic.
Tim Sloan: You know what, if you tell me where rates are going to be on any scenario then I can give you a better idea. I don’t know where rates are going to go, Mike. I think it’s a very fair question, right. But the important thing, right, when you think about Wells Fargo is not to be overly focused on the net interest margin. We get half -- about half of our income through spread income. We get about half of our income through fee income. You saw diversified growth on the spread income side in terms of loans, the best that we had in a long time, right. More important -- as important, you saw diversified growth in fees. And so, sure we’re on that the net interest margin is under pressure. But even in a quarter where the net interest margin was down 10 basis points. Again, mostly because of deposits what we think long-term is a great thing, in terms of growing that deposit growth, our net interest income was about flat, right. I view that as pretty strong performance in this environment.
Tim Sloan: Yeah. Marty, I don’t know or wouldn’t necessarily agree that it’s half of the servicing customers. It’s certainly a large portion. So if you think our servicing portfolio is about $1.9 trillion, I think, when you look at how we’ve cut the servicing portfolio and some of the work that we did last quarter that we provided, I think, the numbers probably a quarter to maybe a third of the $1.9 trillion. What keeps some people as they are toward the end of the maturity of their loan and they look at it and say, you know what it doesn’t make sense or they’ve got other things to do or their loan -- their LTV might be high and it might, they might be -- they could, excuse me, they could apply for the HARP program and it takes a while to do that. So there is a lot reasons why folks do it. It’s not because our team is not out there working very hard to try to help them refinance their loans.
Tim Sloan: We’re not going to fundamentally change our hedging strategy. We don’t want to think about the MSR as a way to speculate on interest rates, right. That’s just not -- none of us around here are smart enough to know where interest rates are going to go. But we are pretty good at doing what our mortgage team is very good at doing. And that is putting a hedge in place that keeps the appropriate level of risk so that we can look at our servicing asset and generates the income based upon the fundamentals of the business as opposed to the direction of rates. 
Tim Sloan: Marty, that’s a fair point except you know what if we were sitting here a year ago we might have said the same thing and then we would’ve been wrong we would have a big loss in the MSR, we’ve had to on hedge, and you could have said the same thing two years ago. So at some point you’re going to be absolutely right, I just not and we’re not smart enough to know exactly when that inflection point is going to be and we’re just not going to use the MSR to speculate on rates. 
Tim Sloan: I hope you’re correct. I think we’ve got to be a little bit careful because in some of our businesses we’re already experiencing much less than typical loan losses, for example in the wholesale business. It’s about as good as it is going to get. Now we could see a little bit of improvement but that part of the business we’ve already seen a decline. The disproportionate share of our loan losses continue to come from the home equity portfolio, that portfolio continues to reduce in terms of overall size.  So we’re hopeful that the loan-loss rate that we experienced in net or gross of the OCC guidance will continue to go down, whether or not we can get to 75 basis points only time’s going to tell but we’re clearly going in the right direction. 
Tim Sloan: Well, Marty, if you look back at where rates rose to right toward the end of year. So we think about the two inflection points that we saw was a few days to a week period as the fiscal cliff negotiations seemed to be going fairly well, that rates backed up pretty significantly and that was a good indication of some of the inflection points that we were looking at. And then likewise when the Fed minutes were released last week and it was a little bit of surprise in terms of the dissension or healthy conversations minutes, maybe that’s a better way to describe it among the various our Fed governors, voters and not that rates rose again and we took an opportunity -- we took that opportunity to buy. So it’s at those levels we feel are pretty attractive over a long-term basis. 
Tim Sloan: Yeah. That’s a really good question. I think that fundamental to the question is just that when you look at the level of equity that the industry is going to have to hold in the next few years or beyond that is just higher than it was pre-crisis. So, I think, it’s unlikely when you compare pre-crisis return on equity to post-crisis what we are experiencing now that we are going to get back to that high teens that even in some quarters low 20s returns on equity. Now, having said that, at our Investor Day we provided a range of return on equity between 12% and 15%, the reason we provided that range is that the level of economic activity and interest rates as we know can drive our return. So, our best guess is that in the current environment relatively slow growing economy that we’re obviously making the best of that in lower rates, we think will be the middle to lower end of that range. If rates tick up and the economy starts to pick up a bit, we think we can be at the higher end of that range and hopefully get up to the mid-teens. Hopefully that helps.
Tim Sloan: There are so many puts and takes that go into our reserve release -- our reserving methodology that ultimately than produces our reserve release or if you look back a few years of reserve bill, I wouldn’t just focus on the impact of the OCC guidance as the primary driver for that, just a lot of puts and takes. And if we thought that the reserve releases had ended, we’d say so.
Tim Sloan: That’s a really fair question and I wish we had a great answer for you, but there has been a lot of discussion and a lot of commentaries and jawboning from the regulators on this topic. So I would describe it as a work in process. We think that we’re appropriately reserved and we are hopeful that overtime our reserves can come down as long as our portfolio -- the credit losses and the portfolio continues to improve which is what we’ve been seeing.
Tim Sloan: I think that as we’ve described variable it’s a broad definition. The primary drivers this quarter for the variable income was higher fee income. So what that means is that when we have a loan we are -- and we charge a fee on a loan, that fee generally accrues over the life of the loan. When that loan is paid off early then we go ahead and recognize any of the unamortized portion of the loan fee. So, that was a primary driver this quarter. I wouldn’t call it seasonal or one time. We see that from time to time within the business. Some quarters, it’s higher, sometimes it’s lower.
Tim Sloan: Yeah. What I would do -- that’s a fair question. What I would do is go along the direction that you are and that is a back out the impact that we had in the fourth quarter and which is why we called that out, because we don’t think 27% is sustainable. And then you get to that the number that you are talking about 31%, 32%. I think that 31%, 32%, 33% is a reasonable number. But it’s more likely to go up a bit in 2013 and what we’ve seen in 2012.
John Stumpf: And remember John, we’ve been pretty thoughtful about reinvesting but we saw some opportunities late in the year that is still shuttling. And we also saw great loan growth in the fourth quarter. So all those things have an impact. 
John Stumpf: Let me add to that Erika, first of all we feel no urgency to have to put something to work that might not be economic for us. We had excess liquidity last summer. And today MBSes are 30, 40, 50 basis points richer or higher yield. And as Tim mentioned, virtually all these deposits are part of our relationships. We’re here to serve customers and these deposits, I think, we’re moving share today. And this is going to benefit this company for years and years and years to come and a lot of that revenue does sharpen the non-interest income side. If you think back four years ago, we had about $650 billion of non-CD deposits in this company. Today we have $950 billion. I mean, yeah there has been periods of faster growth, slow growth but we’re moving share and I can be happy about this.
John Stumpf: Tim is absolutely right. We’re not going to be slavish any absolute number. But as Tim mentioned the take-away tooth burns. Expenses are still too high. We’re focused on that. And I would love to see expenses go up if it’s appended to increased revenues. 
John Stumpf: Sure, Moshe. That’s a good question. I think when you look at the results in 2012 you saw a number of things that occurred in terms of the servicing income. I think one, which we called out is just the higher level of unreimbursed expenses related to lengthening the foreclosure timelines and foreclosure costs. As we talked about we will review those as being environmental which is why we called them out. I can’t promise you how quickly they will come down but our guess is they will come down and there will be less -- over time there’ll be less of an impact on the value of servicing. The other phenomena that you saw and it occurred to a greater extent in the first quarter and into to a lesser extent this quarter was our assumptions around the discount rate. We had a discount rate change in the first quarter, we had a small discount rate change related to access servicing in the fourth quarter that impacted the number by about $53 million. And again we’re hopeful that we don’t see those kinds of discount changes over time. 
John Stumpf: One of the initiatives that we have had over the last year is to simplify our checking account -- accounts and also to make sure that we were being paid appropriately for the services that we provide. So we’ve repriced the checking account base this year in the company and that’s been an initiative in our retail banking group and notwithstanding that they’ve been able to grow deposits and over the year grow accounts.
John Stumpf: And as a -- as if rates do backed up, there is a whole bunch of other things that happen with the company, I mean, actually earnings increased with your margin. So it might not be quarter-to-quarter and that’s why Tim about, that’s why we are going to an extra buffer, but if rates back up that would be a good thing for us. We love that.
John Stumpf: Yeah. Joe, I -- as I mentioned in my comments, I think that CFPB found the right balance and listened to a variety of constituencies or people who they employ. And I think regarding the QM, it’s going to provide -- it provides its broad, it provides clarity and I think it’s going to help more Americans get more credit and that’s good for housing, good for America.  Well, let’s step back a second. That’s not the old issue that you need to be sold for. We still have the GACs out there. We have FHA seminar issues. We have the QRM that need to be decided. You have issues around states of their own things, new services. There is a whole bunch of other things going on here but this is a positive move.
John Stumpf: A good question particularly with a lot of the noise in the market. Our reserving process is the same as it’s always been. There is really nothing new this quarter relative to any other quarter and that is we reserve for all probable and current future demands from all vintages, all vintages. It’s based on all the conversations we have, all the documents we receive. So it really hasn’t changed, we take into consideration any of the conversations we’ve had with the agencies and we feel very good about the reserve that we have today
John Stumpf: Yeah. It has. In fact, our gain on sale in the fourth quarter was 2.56% versus 2.21% in the third quarter. So they were up in the quarter. Again these are very high levels. We’re very pleased to have these gains but they -- and so because they are high, the likelihood is they could come down a bit. But it’s a very, very good business right now.
John Stumpf: However, the volumes of the spring season typically the better sell season, so your purchase money, there is still lot of activity in the mortgage business.
John Stumpf: But Matt, if you go back four years ago look at our numbers, I think we had something over $4 billion of short and long-term debt, now it’s down to a combined 180 or something like that. So over time it has come down as we’ve grown deposits. We think some debt to maintain our ratings and support the balance sheet is important. 
John Stumpf: Well, I mentioned in my comments that we’ve settled the origination and servicing and we [settled lookback], we settled a variety of things. So I can predict what’s all going to come up but I can tell you I am pleased that with this far through the process, we’ve gotten a lot of big things behind us. 
John Stumpf: 12 quarters in a row it’s been a very difficult period of time, that’s just talks about the diversity in earnings power of this company.
John Stumpf: And also look at the performance of our portfolio. I mean, 400 basis points better than the average for the industry is and that’s ultimately the opportunity decide on these things in many cases.
John Stumpf: I think it’s early yet to comment, because I’ve not read in detail more of our people had enough time to really understand everything that’s in the CFPB’s Q. But let me just say this about the jumbo market. We loved that business. We’ve been it for a long time. In many cases these are best customers and we do a lot of other things with them. So I doubt at least I’d be surprised, if whatever happened there would have a big negative impact on the jumbo market.
John Stumpf: Sure. Couple of things there, first of all, I think, we have the best team on the plan running our distribution. And I couldn’t be happier about the 6,000 or so stores that we have and stores still today remain incredibly important in the overall distribution community. Even though online, especially tablet, the so called lean-back technology is changing the industry. Most customers choose their first financial services provider based on proximity to where they live and we have a store within 2 miles of half the American population. It’s a huge advantage. But we used to build 5,000 square foot stores with a 10 penny sign. Now we’re building 10 penny stores with a 5,000 square foot sign. It’s more important because if customers come there and then use other technologies, they want to be able to go and say, that’s where my money is, that’s where I can go if there is an issue, that’s where I go if I have a big transaction to do. So, stores still remain an incredibly important part of the ecosystem of delivery. That might change over time and the tablet or the smartphone is changing the way customers do business with us. They are on with us much more. They are learning more and we’re doing, have all kinds of experiments and test going on, paperless stores and more self-service. But and change is not new to us. I mean we’ve been -- we had at one time in this company one service model. It was a stage coach and that went away after a few years and we have tried something else, so this is -- I find this exciting.
John Stumpf: Yeah. That could be. Actually the most important thing and you probably know this, in distribution is distribution density. People want distribution, where they live, work, recreate, travel and so forth, that is and we are gaining retail share faster today we have in my 35 years or 30 years with the company. So it’s a -- but distribution -- physical distribution remains a critical part of it. But size is the way you staff it, the number of people and all of that sure that needs to evolve. And it is evolving. But we’re not in the camp that you can circulate the greatness.
John Stumpf: That’s a really good question. I think, our best guess of the impact that we are going to see from the Volcker Rule and again I want to be careful because Volcker Rule has not been finalized yet, is that it would eliminate or/and our ability to invest in a private equity fund or real estate opportunity fund as a limited partner. That seems pretty clear that that business would get eliminated or that activity would get eliminated as part of Volcker. However, we believe that we will continue to be able to invest and we continue to invest today in Norwest Venture Partners and Norwest Equity Partners, which we believe will be allowed under the Volcker Rule.
John Stumpf: Well, yes, but there’s also still a legacy amount of equity investments that are related to limited partnership investment that we’ve made over time or previously and those are going to come down over time. But again, we believe we will continue to be able to invest in NVP and NEP.
John Stumpf: Our liquidating portfolio, we are getting closer and closer to the end of that because when we wake up in the morning, the first day of the quarter, we know historically $5 billion or $6 billion would shrink on that side, while it was $4.1 billion this last quarter. So we are going to work through that but the investments we are making, some of the on balance sheet, some of the loan growth, all of that helps. And also we have reduced liability cost 2 basis points across the Board. That’s important.
John Stumpf: Well, the analysis that we do is done on a quarterly basis where we look at our expectation related to future loss, we look at the default rates, re-default rates and the like. And we make adjustments over time. You can see in the pages from supplemental we’ve made adjustments over time. In fact, in the third quarter we increased -- we moved I think about 400, $500 million from non-accretable to accretable. and our expectation is over time is that if we believe that housing prices are going to -- if you believe that housing prices are going to continue to increase and we do that, that won’t the last time that we would move non-accretable to accretable. It just didn’t happen based upon our models in the fourth quarter. 
John Stumpf: You know what I don’t know for sure, but in the fourth quarter we provided some detail in terms of our servicing portfolio and we cut the portfolio, you can get this on the website. You can cut the portfolio based on note rate and then we also segmented by loan-to-value and we also segmented it by FICO score. And what you see there is there are hundreds of billions of dollars of opportunities, I am not publishing you that we get every one of those refinancing opportunities but there’s hundreds of billions of dollars of refinancing opportunities that are just in our existing portfolio alone. So it doesn’t feel like this is absent a big increase in rates that that this is going to be the last quarter that we’re going to see good volume originations from our refinance activity.  So it could last a couple more quarters, sure it could last through the end of the year. Your guess is as good as mine but there is a lot of opportunity out there. We start the quarter with a very strong pipeline, one of the strongest pipelines in our history, so we feel confident and we’re optimistic about continued originations in the mortgage business. 
John Stumpf: Most of our commercial customers, their balance sheets are strong as I have seen in years and years. They are sitting with tons of liquidity and cash flows. So what -- it’s kind of logical that they would use our cash firstly they would borrow. But a good part of that whole story is we are growing in spite of that. The day will come when they will start to use those lines again. We’ve already had all the embedded costs, just think what happens then. So I view this as kind of good, not a bad. 
John Stumpf: And I also suggest a lot of companies would kill for our margin. Feel pretty good. I mean, yeah, it’s come down but for the all the reasons that Tim said, why would we turn away deposits from our customers. It -- we are not -- surely we look at the margin, surely we think about that, but we don’t run a business according to it. So and I know we’ve had this discussion many times. But for a company that can grow revenue 6% to 7% without any help really, much help from the -- from half of your revenue side that’s a very strong company.
John Stumpf: Yeah. I would also say that there has been so much volume coming that it’s taken 90 days or it’s been a long process. Now that we’ve built up our team, we are looking more at. We can shorten that period of time which it takes to refinance is 60 days. So, I think, that’s an advantage. But the real advantage is, we’ve got this retail distribution, working together is, all our personal bankers and commercial bankers who look for these opportunities refer to a mortgage company, so that’s really one of our strengths and how we are going to harvest this and serve these customers.
John Stumpf: Marty, we don’t have any sad number that we say this is a number that which we will buy for the next 30 or 60 day or whatever. It’s a very dynamic that are in process. We’re looking, we’re reading, we’re thinking, we’re -- so that’s kind of how we go about this. And with the bias towards conservatism and making sure that we understand in the whole asset liability mix and so forth. 
John Stumpf: No. It’s hard to speculate or comment with any confidence on what others might see in it. I guess, I’d just go back to couple of things. First of all, I don’t know everything that’s in the 800 and some pages. But what I do know about it, it solved a couple of issues I think are really important. It created a broad standard or we got as many loans as possible into the QM definition. And number two, there is good clarity around legal protections and risk and so forth. And there is also a debt to income or consumer debt or mortgage debt vis-à-vis income. So there are some bright lines. Hopefully, that will encourage more participants in the industry, more borrowers and I think that’s all good. Now, whether in that -- but I don’t think that alone will open up the floodgates of credit because all these other things went on that I had mentioned that are still unresolved, but I think this is a step in the right direction. I really do.
John Stumpf: First, let’s talk about transparency. We want -- in fact this team is available to anyone of you and call us, we’re not hearing these things from our investors. When I became CEO, we reinstituted or started the live call. We have the credit supplement. The company is a pretty plain vanilla in the way we operate the company. Yeah, there are -- there is levels one, twos and three assets in this but that doesn’t make them less credible just that sometimes there is not market prices we can do. So we have to go through cash flows and establish values that way. I have never seen us to be more transparent. So if there is other things we can do, I’m all ears for it. But I’m not hearing that from investors and frankly I’m not hearing that kind of commentary from most of the people including analysts that I talk to. But people are going to write what they want to write and they can make their own choices about where they invest their money.
John Stumpf: I’ll go back and look. I think it was a little bit higher this quarter. And again that’s not a typical for -- in terms of the -- but the amount of the variation is not a typical to what we’ve seen on a quarterly basis but it was a little bit higher.
John Stumpf: It really wasn’t in the absolute charge off number because it was -- we think about the timing of Hurricane Sandy. So, it was probably -- it was primarily in the reserve -- in the methodology that we use. We assume that we are going to have some additional losses in the future from Hurricane Sandy. So, we wanted to make sure that we were appropriately reserve which we believe we are based upon our best estimates right now. But as you can appreciate, we’re very early into our true analysis or finalizing the analysis. It’s going to take a while to see what the ultimate impact is. But we think there were appropriate reserve based upon some conservatism assumptions right now.
John Stumpf: I’d rather not. It was any -- the reason I don’t want to go into the specific details is because when you think about the reserving methodology, again there’s lots of puts and takes. Some things go up, some things go down but just rest assured that we think we are appropriately reserved.
