Tim Sloan: Well, I wouldn't worry about it being a static revenue environment. Our goal is to grow revenues over time and I think we have been able to do that, notwithstanding some of the challenges we have had. Matt, we are really focused as we think about our expenses on revenue efficiency and the efficiency ratio, how much it costs us to deliver a $1 in revenue. We were very pleased to be able to improve our efficiency to 58.5%, again down 62 basis points from the third quarter and down almost 30 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year. I think when you think about the fourth quarter efficiency in expenses, we did call out that we had some seasonal expenses that boosted the total expenses in the fourth quarter. We talked about some of the equipment expenses as well as some of the professional fees. As you think about the first quarter, our expectation is that we will be able to operate within our range of 55% to 59% and believe that over the year, we can continue to improve that from the first quarter. I do think we will have some benefit in the first quarter from lower seasonal expenses as we mentioned. We will also have some benefit from a lower run rate of expenses in the mortgage business but, overall, again we are very focused on the efficiency ratio and we continue to believe that we can make improvements.
Tim Sloan: Well, it's a fair point, Matt, because we look at the efficiency ratio, its going to be a function of expense dollars as well as revenue. I think to get to the low end of that range, we will need to see the combination of both, in crew expenses and lower expenses, which we think we can do over time but also with improved revenue. That said, if the revenue takes off and the dollar amount of our expenses are up and our efficiency ratio improves, that's fine too.
Tim Sloan: Yes. A good question. Overall let me answer it maybe a little bit broader question and that is that as we look at the final Volcker rules, there aren't any real significant and material changes that we need to make in any of our businesses to comply. Obviously there is going to be increased reporting and things like that. The only the product business line that's really impacted, which is the [of your] question is the portion of our equity portfolio that's made up of limited partnership investment, that's a little bit less than $2 billion. We stopped making those investments a few years ago when the first draft of the Volcker Rule came out and so that portfolio is liquidating down in the normal course. From time-to-time, we could potentially do some sales from that portfolio, but we don't believe that compliance with Volcker and the liquidation of that portfolio in the normal course will have a material impact on our financial results.
Tim Sloan: I will answer your question in maybe reverse order. Maybe start with liquidity. Let me just step back and frame that a little bit, because you have seen us take some liquidity action in the third and the fourth quarter. Set the rules aside for a minute, and that is that first and foremost, we have got to be able to operate this company with sufficient liquidity to be able to withstand stressed environments both, in terms of an economic downturn as well as an economic expansion. I think, we have been able to demonstrate our success in doing that as we went through the last downturn, so the short answer is that we think that the existing liquidity we have as a company is sufficient to manage the business. Having said that, there are a couple of standards that are out there. First, there's is the international standard and I can't comfortably tell you that we have exceeded the international LCR standards. Unfortunately, I can't tell where we stand as it relates to the domestic rules, because they haven't been finalized yet. The NPR was issued in the fourth quarter as you know. It's out for comment right now. I think it's fair to say that you generally the current NPR is a little bit more conservative than most of the folks in industry have [got], and so in an anticipation of finalizing the domestic rules, the way that I would think about it is we have changed the complexion of our liquidity and what I mean by that is, we have increased some of our longer term deposits. You saw us do that in the third quarter and the fourth quarter and then we issued some additional debt in the third quarter, so we have made a lot of progress in terms of complying with rules that haven't been finalized yet. The other thing that I would mentioned is that, there is a lot of good dialogue that's going on right now in terms of those rules and it's likely that there will be some changes. Then lastly I would point out that our expectation is the compliance period as it relates to those standards, theirs is going to be elongated meeting. We need to get to about 80% compliance by the end of this year, beginning of next year, so a long-winded overview, but I think what we have been able to demonstrate as we have changed the complexion of our liquidity and anticipated the final rules is that we can still deliver record earnings and we can still grow net interest income and that's really good segue into the first part of your question which is the net interest margin. The net interest margin was down 12 basis points and the most of that was related to liquidity or deposits as we mentioned. In fact all of that was. Half of it was, we had great deposit growth. You have seen that over the last 16 quarters we have had great deposit growth, long-term that is a terrific thing from our perspective and will take that impact on NIM all day long. Then the other half was related to the full quarter impact of liquidity actions that we took in the third quarter plus the liquidity actions that we took in the fourth quarter. So again, a reduction to the NIM but we have been able to grow net interest income. So how were we able to do that with the NIM declining? Well, the good news is we had $13.5 billion dollars of point-to-point loan growth which is absolutely terrific. I can't promise you we will have that every quarter but not only is it terrific but results very broad-based, as I mentioned. And then also, our securities did grow and candidly, we are in a much better position today than we were six months ago or a year ago or a year and a half ago in terms of the reinvestment yields that we can achieve today versus the rolloff in the existing portfolio. I can't tell you today because of the valley that occurred over last few days but they we will get pretty close. So over time, as we have said over the last few quarters, we believe that we continue to grow net interest income.
Tim Sloan: Yes, it's a fair question. The short answer is no. We haven't changed that range of 50% to 65%. Part of the reason is that we are not at the high end of that range yet. So we are going to take it one step at a time. Clearly, we thought the payout that we had in 2013 was a pretty significant increases as we talked about. On a gross basis, f $11.4 billion. Something that we are very, very proud of and there are, as John mentioned and as I mentioned, our capital plans submission requested an increase from that. So we are hopeful to continue to make progress on that, subject to the Fed review but it is something, John, that we are going to continue to look at. But that that 50% to 65% is not etched in stone forever. It's going to change just like it has changed throughout our history. John, I don't know if you --
Tim Sloan: But, John, I would add, Maybe this is a bit of an advertisement for our Investor Day that's going to be in May. We might change that. So let it be a good reason to come.
Tim Sloan: Yes we do. Again, I can't promise it will exactly happen every quarter but my guess is, it probably will. But I think we reached the high point in the second quarter of last year and we have been very clear that our expectation is to continue to reduce that share count. So that's our plan, John.
Tim Sloan: I think there will be some loan growth at the industry level. I am much more confident about our ability to grow loans, just based on what we have done in the past, what we have done this past quarter. But I will tell you, I am hearing more, when I talk with customers, about their interest in building something, adding something, investing in something. So there is more activity going on, I would say it's going to be a watershed moment, but yes I am optimistic about the economy. I mean, we sit here this January at an economy and frankly as a company in better shape and I have said here in the last five or six Januarys, so, yes, I am [proudly] optimistic about the industry and optimistic about our company able to grow loans and over time grow revenues.
Tim Sloan: I would love to be able to tell you absolutely, but since we don't know what the final rules are, I want to be careful, so I can't give you a specific answer. I think the important thing is, should you have confidence in, A, our ability to move forward to try to anticipate some of those rules and not have it impact our net interest income or our earnings, the answer is yes.
Tim Sloan: I don't know if I would jump to that conclusion. Our mix is a little bit different or can be a little bit different on average compared to the industry in any given quarter. I think it's reasonable to assume that there will be a client because of the impact of just the colder winter months as well as the fact that the volume is really driven much more by purchase activity now than it was by refinanced. We expect the decline but to be specific in terms of the magnitude decline, I don't know what that's going to be.
Tim Sloan: Yes, Paul, a good question. We have talked on a number of occasions about how our market share, over the last couple of years was disproportionately high, primarily because the biggest driver for origination volume until the last couple of quarters was refinances, and the reason for that, again to remind everybody, is that we are the largest servicer and the quality of our servicing book was the highest in the industry. So we had many more opportunities than most to be able to meet the needs of our customers by refinancing existing customers, by refinancing their mortgages. So it's not surprising and something that we had been indicating was going to occur as the percentage of refinance volume declined in absolute dollars as well as the percentage of the total decline that our market share would go down. I think as we get to a more purchase driven market, we actually think we have got a great opportunity to grow the business because we have the biggest retail network and sales force in the market. So we believe that we can grow over time, but again the focus is not about market share the focus is about generating appropriate revenue, making sure that we are meeting the needs of our customers and doing that very efficiently. So again we are very excited about the transition into a purchase driven market because we got the best team and the largest team that's out there.
Tim Sloan: Well, you know, we announced recently that we are going to be doing some portfolio lending for jumbos and high-end and we have an emphasis on that. And as you know, housing is an uniquely important asset class for Americans and uniquely important for recovery. So no recovery for housing in that play a leadership role and that's part of my optimism for the future and that housing is getting better and that we are seeing more activity on the purchase side, which is really good for America, so we will continue to make complying loans. We are also doing more with respect to our balance sheet.
Tim Sloan: Mike, there wasn't any major changes that occurred from an accounting standpoint in the fourth quarter. As you know from time-to-time we have look at the amount of our accretable yield and non- accretable difference and made some adjustments. We did not do that in the fourth quarter, so I would just describe the fourth quarter as just a reflection of just changes within the underlying customer mix. We had more customers that were paying their loans and then paid off, but there was nothing major that occurred in the fourth quarter.
Tim Sloan: Mike, it's something that we think about and talk about a lot, but from a process point of view, we review it on a quarterly basis to make an affirmative decision in terms of the amount of the non-accretable difference and the non-accretable yield in terms of whether or not we make any changes, but that's the quarterly update that we do.
Tim Sloan: I think the important point just to remember is that when you turned the clock back five years ago, I think there was a lot of skepticism in terms of whether or not the right marks were taken at the time of the Wells Fargo and Wachovia combination and then there was a lot of concerns about the portfolio. As you know the accretable yield has actually increased over that period of time, so we have $19.1 billion that's expected to accrete over the remaining life of loans. We are very excited about that.
Tim Sloan: It hasn't really changed a whole lot. It's still about or in the mid-30s, but that wasn't a major driver for loan growth in the quarter. At some point, we will get to the point where there's a little bit more utilization, but that's been pretty stable in the mid-30s.
Tim Sloan: Yes, Mike, look, we are not going to promise you that we are going to have a seventeenth consecutive quarter. We hope we do but the fact of matter is the complexion of every quarter is different. We could have that we, and I think we probably did have the same conversation about a year ago, how are we going to be able to grow, and when we think about what the company has accomplished over this last year in the face of a significant backup in interest rates that had a big impact on one of our businesses, we were able to deliver record earnings. How were we able to do that? We grew our loans. We grew our investments. We grew our deposits. If you look at noninterest income outside of mortgage origination, we went through a laundry list of five or six businesses and there are more that were up and most of those were up double digits. We have improved our efficiency and John has mentioned we think we can continue to make progress there and credit continues to improve. Will we have our loan loss reserve release in the first quarter of $600 million? I don't know. We do think we are going to have future loan loss reserve releases. So the fact of the matter is that what we have been able to demonstrate in the fourth quarter and all of 2013 is our diversified model works even in the face of headwind and as John mentioned it doesn't seem like there is as many headwinds out there than there were a year ago in January. So we are very excited of our ability to continue to grow earnings. Whether that means 17, 18 or 19 quarters? I don't know. But over time we are going to grow earnings at this company.
Tim Sloan: Yes, Ken, a good question. I don't know if I would focus on a specific growth rate. We do think we can continue to grow and its going to be a function of the fact there is a little bit of a lag in terms of how the business is priced and paid for. The wealth, brokerage and retirement business has done a great job in terms of increasing the percentage of their recurring fee revenue. I think it's now above 75% and that was the goal that David Carroll set out at our Investor Day a couple of years ago. So we do think we can continue to grow. What the growth rate will be? I don't know but in addition, one of the other things that we talked about at Investor Day a couple of years ago was the partnership between the WBR and our retail bank and that partnership continues to work very well from a referral basis. So that business is performing very, very well. Our expectation is that it will continue to grow. I hope that it continues to grow at a double-digit rate, but can't promise you that.
Tim Sloan: Yes. The tax rate for the fourth quarter was 30.9%. That was a little bit higher than the fourth quarter of last year. Our expectation for this year is that our tax rate will be plus or minus what has been this year. Maybe just a little bit higher, but I guess not that it shouldn't have a material impact on our results.
Tim Sloan: Yes. Some really good question. One of the challenges that we have is that some of the investment that we are making, say, for a project impacts both is the investment in the business but also it's going to have a regulatory or compliance nature to it, so I don't have any detail handy to break that down, but it's not exactly how we think about it. I will tell you that as we mentioned last quarter that our compliance and regulatory costs are up year-over-year and we are in the process right now of making sure that we got the best risk managed the company in the industry, so there will be some continued investment that we will need to make there. Having said that, how much of that is permanent and how much is kind of a one or two time-type investment, I don't have an answer for you, so I apologize for not being able to provide some real specifics there, but again to repeat I do think you will see a decline in the professional services line in the first quarter.
Tim Sloan: I don't know for sure. Here's the way I would think about it. I will give you two numbers that made up the 47 basis points. The losses that we had in our commercial portfolio were about six basis points. We think we have got a great team that's very good at making loans on the commercial side but having a loss rate of six basis points is probably not something that's going to happen forever. So I think there's, probably over time, not necessarily in the first quarter, some pressure there. On the other hand, the losses in our consumer portfolio were about 82 basis points. Now when you think about the composition of the consumer portfolio, clearly, there is some portion of that portfolio that's going to have higher loss rates like credit card. That's an area that we are building over time. On the other hand, when you look at some of the other consumer businesses, we are not originating loans today that are going to generate 82 basis points of loss in the next year or two years. We are originating high quality loan. So my guess is there is probably a little bit more pressure over time and the commercial loss rate to go up and the consumer loss rate could go down. Again when you look at that 82 basis points, the disproportionate share continues to come from our home equity portfolio which among all the portfolios is really benefiting from the improvement in underlying residential real estate values.
Tim Sloan: Marty, in fact the share count has been down from the high in the second quarter of last year and the short answer to your question is, yes. The primary driver there is going to be the level of our share repurchases. We increased our share repurchases this year over last year. We have submitted a capital plan which calls for a request for more share repurchase. So the short answer again is, yes. We think we can bring that down over time.
Tim Sloan: Well, it's a complicated answer to a straight forward question and recall that we changed our options program a couple of years ago or a few years ago. So the impact of that is going to decline. On the other hand, we will continue to have a good portion of our incentive compensation around here based upon our equity because we believe that that aligns our team members with our shareholders. So the fact that that is there is very important to us and hopefully, you will appreciate it's important to you but I don't imagine that that's going to have a significant change to the share count calculation. The primary driver there is going to be our ability to repurchase more shares and, again, we think we can increase that over time.
Tim Sloan: Well, you are absolutely correct. We are very asset sensitive. The disproportionate share of our loan portfolio is floating-rate in an environment where the short-end of the curve starts to increase which, at some point it will. We believe that that will be a net addition to revenues because our loans will probably reprice faster than our deposits. You have seen that before with Wells Fargo in prior cycles. In terms of the investment portfolio, you are also correct, in that given the back up in rates and the current yields that we are getting off our portfolio, we can get much more attractive returns that are more or less about what the runoff is right now. Not exactly, but as rates continue to rise, it's going to make those returns even more attractive and we will get some benefit from a revenue standpoint there, so we think we are positioned fairly well for the environment that we are likely to be in over the next few years which is in the short-term probably an increase in the long end of the curve. I don't know by how much, but it probably will increase. Then in the next year to two years an increased short end.
John Stumpf: Yes, I think that's a really important point. It was a year and half when we came up with that. We are still there but those things change over time and as we continue to build liquidity and capital, we are not bound by that. And we are very shareholder friendly here. I think you know and our investors have known it for a long time.
John Stumpf: The good news is that as you mentioned that the growth was very broad-based. Again, in almost every one of our loan portfolios, with the exception of home equity, where we are still originating a good quality home equity loans. I don't know if I would take this quarter and say this is what we are going to do every quarter from here on out, I think even last year when you axe out the impact from some of the tax changes that folks were anticipating the fourth quarter can tends to be a pretty strong quarter. Our expectation for 2014 is that we are going to grow loans. What rate that will be? I don't know, but certainly the fact that this quarter was so broad-based, I think it is a good indication of our ability to grow loans at a faster rate than we did in 2013. Again, I think the other point to make about loan growth in this quarter is that is that we didn't have any acquisitions driving that growth. This was all organic, not that there is anything wrong with acquisition. We love them, but that was a bigger driver in the third quarter that was in the fourth quarter.
John Stumpf: Joe, we are making a lot of investments in technology as customers are interested in mobile and in other ways to access us. We still believe that stores are important and we believe that because our customers tell us that, and we do have that pilot that you mentioned and we are assessing that, looking at that. We will build stores this year. I don't think there will be a significant net increase because sometimes we build a new one and we consolidate one or two into that but most of the investments we are going to be making will be in areas like product and convenience for customers.
John Stumpf: Paul, with respect to Mel Watt, we are looking forward to working with him. We know him and I believe he has the same interest we all have, as Americans and as our institution has make mortgage lending and money available to creditworthy, Americans so they can buy houses. He already is digging in. He has put the increase to GP just on hold so he can understand. So we are all looking forward to working with him.
John Stumpf: Well, I still believe there are some mixed messages coming out of Congress or Washington, I should say, and if we can all get on the same page that would be helpful. I think there some movement happening in that direction, but we will just continue to work on that.
John Stumpf: Well, I will tell you they are really - all hands are on deck there. I don't recall the exact percentage, but it might be 30% or so, but whatever mortgage we do get customer referrals from our bankers, so it's a big card. It's very integrated and actually when you have a purchased money market that actually plays to our strengths, because we are so actively involved with builders, realtors and there is a lot of referral activity that goes on to help serve those customers.
John Stumpf: Mike, you know as we make those determinations it then accretes over the life of the assets, so it's a long event, if you will, over 12, 13,14, years, whatever the life those assets is that how it accretes in.
John Stumpf: Yes. When I was talking about the best January, that's compared to the five January's. I have sat and had this kind of conversation with you. Our merger is done. Capital liquidity, credit, legal issues, view on regulatory all better. Deposit growth, loan growth, cross-sell, the engagement of the team. So all of those things are better. Am I saying there is a full recovery and there is going to be a watershed moment this year? No. I am not saying that but I am saying that uncertainty here, more things from more prospects and customers about buying a car, building a house, starting a business, adding new product lines. There is certainties to at least some that. Couple of years, I didn't even hear about that. So its going to be a breakout year but we are going to see steady improvement and that's good for even now as rates rise in response to that which is a normal thing that reduces the refinance volume. The other side of that is improving credit which improves a lot of things. So that's good for America and good for our company over the long-term.
John Stumpf: Our expectations are pretty high there, because we are starting from a lower base. And if you look at size of our retail franchise versus the size of the wealth, brokerage and retirement, we have lot of upside. As Tim mentioned, the partnership especially between any bank and Wells Fargo's retirement couldn't be better and there is just tons of opportunity there, so it's opportunity for the company.
John Stumpf: Good question. Really given the amount of liquidity build that we had in the third quarter, it didn't have a material impact on our total balance sheet. Did effect net interest margin as we mentioned, so it really doesn't have a big impact on our interest rate sensitivity. I mean, we have experienced that the biggest impact that we could have to the company from an interest rate sensitivity standpoint when you think about the impact that we had in the third and fourth quarter from the rate rise in the impact on the mortgage business, we are very sensitive to a rise in the short rate which I know everybody believes will never happen, but some day it will and that will be beneficial to us.
John Stumpf: That's right. My understanding is the latest increase in GDPs is the one that would suggest it has actually been put on a hold for a bit, but absent that yes, we think there is opportunity here to serve a customer base through portfolio lending and we have done that for a long time, but there's opportunities here and we sure want to serve that customer base.
John Stumpf: We think probably a lot where most economists are in the range of 3% to 5% increase if you look broadly. Now I think what you are seeing is some more regionalization going on in residential real estate, so I mean I live in San Francisco. It's been stronger here than for example than in the Central Valley, but housing is getting better generally everywhere but I think 3% to 5% is a pretty safe range.
John Stumpf: Well, I can just repeat what Tim and I have said is that the submission is in. It's our request to do more on dividends and repurchase. It's in with the fed right now. We will all know here in another six weeks or so, so let's just wait for that time and see when that comes out.
John Stumpf: Thank you. I want to thank everybody for joining us, I very much appreciate your interest in our company and the questions and we will see you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Partners: Hi, I wanted to ask you two lines of questioning. First, on the share count. If you look at the repurchase volume that you have been able to do, share count is holding relatively flat. I was curious if you thought, as you increased repurchase going forward, do you think the share count can start to come down? And then, I wanted to ask you one more question about that.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Partners: Okay, other kind of area I want to delve into was asset sensitivity. Earlier questions were kind of starting to allude to that but as you have seen this outsize deposit growth that you have been able to attract, you have been really pushing that more and more into cash. So that does make you more asset sensitive than probably your just overall measure with look and then also as longer term rate start to go up, you can begin to be able to restructure the portfolio a little bit. You have got excess capital. There is going to be some opportunities to accelerate asset sensitivity by restructuring as well. So just thought you could think about a few of those kind of tactics or other things that might make you be more asset sensitive than you look on the cover of your reports.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Partners: Then lastly, John, you mentioned the mortgage portfolio and increasing the volume there. With the GDPs going up here shortly, especially on a higher quality customers, those low GDPs historically have pushed us to origination and servicing versus portfolio and mortgages, but it seems like you are really looking at that as an opportunity, especially with the steep yield curve to add some assets plus value especially as mortgage rates relatively adjusted to these new GDPs.
