Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, no, I appreciate the question. When you – based on what we gave you, Steve, I think, we said on the page and in my remarks that we do expect it to start to inflect and trough as we get towards the end of the year. Exactly when that happens, I think we’ll sort of see. We’re not going to get too specific there, but we do expect that you would start to see a trough as we get to the end of the year and into 2025.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, I think when we think about the efficiency journey that we’re on. I think Charlie and I have been both pretty clear consistently now that there’s more to do and 2024 is just another year in the journey. Right. And we’ve got more to do post that to continue to drive efficiency across the place, where we’re going to net out on a year-to-year basis in terms of the net spend, I’m not going to try to predict. But as you look across the company, I think we’re just continuing to methodically make progress to drive automation, efficiency, reduce third party spend, reduce our real estate footprint across all of the different dimensions. And I think we think we’ve got more to do and that’ll continue into 2025 and beyond.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, sure. Thanks, John. When you look at the components there, I mean, the largest one is going to be our advisory fees in the Wealth and Investment Management business. And market levels are higher than they were this time last year. And so if that holds or gets better, as many people predicting, that should be constructive for that fee. When you start looking at the other line items like trading, the market’s got to cooperate. We’re happy with the progress we’ve been making across the different businesses there, but the market is going to have to cooperate as well for that to continue. We had a number of impairments across our venture capital portfolio this year. At some point, that should start to peter out, and we’ll see that inflect. And then the other fee lines should be pretty predictable for the most part, as you sort of look forward.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, sure. Maybe I’ll start with the latter part first. And – as you can see in the data we gave in the presentation, we’re anchoring it to what was in the forward curve as of a day last week, which is not that dissimilar to what you have today. And I think when you look at sensitivity to that, our interest rate sensitivity disclosures in this case are a pretty good estimate for how to think about whether if rates are a little bit higher or a little bit lower than what’s in that forward curve. And if you look at where we were at the end of the third quarter, we were still modestly asset sensitive. That’ll still be the case at the end of the fourth quarter. It will come down a little bit from where it was, but will still be asset sensitive. But its – and if you look at the forward curve, I think on average, rates are coming down something like 50 basis points. And so it is pretty linear math when you look at the sensitivities that we included in the queue, when you look at the underlying assumptions as you go into the year, we’ve got loan growth being pretty muted in the beginning part of the year. That’ll hopefully start to pick up as we get later in the year. So that will be a driver of it. As you get towards the end of the year, you’ll have some stabilization. We’re expecting stabilization of pretty stable deposits across the commercial and wealth management businesses. At some point, the consumer deposits will also stabilize and the mix will stabilize as well. You’ve got continued asset repricing that happens in there as well. So it’s a little bit of all of it that brings you to the point at, which it starts to trough and inflect. But again, exactly when that’s going to happen, we’ll sort of leave, we’ll leave till later in the year, but we do expect that’ll happen as we get closer to the end of the year.
Mike Santomassimo: Sure. When you look at what’s happening just on deposits, the trend that we’ve been seeing now on the mix shift has been pretty consistent for the last two or three quarters at least. And so – so at some point that’ll moderate more, but it’s been pretty consistent. And so that’s probably a decent assumption as you sort of go into the first part of the year at least. When you start looking at deposit pricing can later in the year, as rates start to move. On the commercial side, rates and betas have been competitive now and pretty high for a while, and they’ll be just as rate sensitive on the way back down. That’s part of the bargain on the commercial side is, you get good competitive betas on the way up and you also get them on the way down. On the consumer side, there’s been less movement on standard pricing across many of the products, but you’ve had the introduction of CDs and promo rates and all that stuff will start to move down pretty quickly as the expectation for rates do as well.
Mike Santomassimo: Well. I think based on what we gave you, right? So we are expecting a full year NII to be down 7% to 9% hopefully. And if it starts to stabilize as you get to the end of the year, then that implies a step down in the beginning of the year. Exactly, we’re not going to give you a number by quarter, but I – you would – you should expect to step down as you go in the beginning part of the year.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. And I think maybe I’ll start and Charlie can chime in. So I think when you look at that page, Ebrahim, I think you really have to look at the impact of the special assessment that in the results, right? And so that’s four percentage points of ROTCE, so think of the underlying operating performance from a returns perspective, more closer to that 13% range. And so there has been quite a bit of progress since Q4 2020. And then as you sort of look forward, we highlighted some of the key drivers on the right. And in my commentary, look, we’ve got a lot of excess capital despite whatever happens with Basel III. And so we’ve got room to continue to return that to shareholders. We are in the middle of repositioning and the home lending business, which will drive not only good, better returns in that business, but improvement across the franchise. We’ve got the card business, which we’re seeing very good performance in as we’ve launched our new products over the last couple years. And as that matures, we will be meaningful contributor. And then we’ve got continue to get the benefit of all the other investments that we’re making. And so we feel like we’ve made a lot of good progress since the 2020. And then we’ve got really clear plans to continue to see better performance.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Yes. I mean, look, as time goes by, we’ve got – we get better and better information around where things are going to play out. But it is still somewhat specific to the asset. And so I wouldn’t try to generalize yet until we see more transactions and more data points. When you look at the broader CRE market at least in our portfolio, we are not seeing the stress spread to other parts of it.
Mike Santomassimo: It’s Mike. I’ll take a shot at that Erika. And when you look at the – when you look at our full year numbers, we – I tried to highlight in my comments that we do expect that our repurchases will be higher than what we did in 2023, the exact timing and pace, I’m not going to get into, but and then we’ll look at all of as we do every quarter, we look at all of the different risks that could be out there including, thinking about where CCAR or the stress tests will come out. And from a Basel III perspective, we are in really good shape as we said last quarter. We’re already above where we need to be from a, if it was fully implemented as is, and we’re hopeful that that won’t be the case. And so, and we’re going to generate more capital as we go through the year. And so we’ve got as I said, we’ve got plenty of excess capital. We plan to buy back more stock than we did in 2023 and we’ll leave the exact timing and pace to future calls.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, it is certainly possible, the balance sheet will get smaller throughout the year. I think that’ll just be a function of what we ultimately see on loan growth. How much we end up deploying into securities as we go through the year and where it makes sense. We will let the balance sheet just ebb and flow back down. And I think that’s the way we’re sort of thinking about it now. And I think at this point, there’s not a lot of cost to leaving at the Fed given where the – where IORB is. And so that’ll change as rates start to come down and we’ll calibrate the overall size based on what we think the opportunity is.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, we don’t – we’re not going to try to predict exactly where the NIM is going to go quarter by quarter. But I think as you would guess, right, assuming the balance sheets that are a relatively stable size as NII starts to come down, the NIM will compress, right? And there’ll be tailwinds and headwinds related, as the assets as the securities portfolio reprices, that’ll be a tailwind. As you start to see variable rate loans come down, as rates come down, that’ll be a headwind. And so, I think most of it should be relatively simple to kind of estimate as you sort of plug the assumptions into your model, but there’s no sort of magic to it. But you would expect NIM to continue to come down as the balance sheet stays stable and NII comes down.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. And really the allowance I would, allowance coverage ratio I would pay attention to on the slide is our CIB, CRE office portfolio, which is close to 11%. And that’s really the institutional style office buildings where really the stress is coming through. When you look at the charge-offs, it was across a number of properties. It wasn’t one or two. It was pretty geographically dispersed across different cities and across different parts of the country, so there wasn’t an over concentration anywhere. Each of the properties have very specific situations, and so there was a pretty wide range in terms of where the price cleared or where the appraisal came in. A good chunk of these properties are being marked, because we’ve got new appraisals for various reasons. A small amount of it was actually realized, because the note or the property was sold. And so for a good amount of it, we’ll see how it ultimately plays out. There could be recoveries as we go. But it was a pretty, as you would expect, it was a substantial decline in what people thought the value of the properties was just a year or two ago.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, I would, and just like I think John at McDonald asked it earlier, I would look at our interest rate sensitivity, Gerard, and as I said, we’re still modestly asset sensitive. A little bit less at the end of the fourth quarter than the third quarter. And I think it is a pretty linear sort of equation there. And so I would just look at the 100 basis point move that we have in there. It’s around a couple of billion dollars of move when you look at that as of the end of the third quarter, again, it’ll come in slightly from that likely into – at the end of the fourth quarter and just use whatever assumption you want, and it is a pretty linear. Within reason, it’s a pretty linear equation.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, there’s certainly some portion of that, that will is just the cost of doing business. Now, even on the fraud and BAU operating losses, we, as most people, I would think, are continuing to invest in capabilities to reduce those more and more and that’s we continue to do that as well. And then I think as we continue to put more of the issues, historical issues behind us, hopefully the overall number continues to trend downward.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, I won’t give you a specific number, but the way you’re thinking about it is exactly right. I think as you look at the portfolio that we have, which might be a little different than others is, we launched the new product set starting a little over two years ago, but you’ve sort of seen more meaningful new account growth starting about two years ago. And so you’re in that normal maturation curve and seasoning of sort of losses as they come on. And so we would expect that it would continue to trend a little bit higher from where it is. 
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, and maybe I’ll start. And I think as Charlie kind of highlighted in his script, the averages all look fine when you look at liquidity or deposit balances. And certainly even when you look at the cumulative wage growth that you’ve seen over the last few years, in aggregate, you go, it paints a pretty good picture. But when you go below that, and we’ve tried to highlight this a few times over the last year or so, when you go below that, there are certainly cohorts of clients or people that are stressed. And the further you go down in income levels or the further you go down in wealth levels, the cumulative impact of inflation has really taken a toll. And so you’re going to have some percentage of people that are feeling much more stressed than what the aggregate numbers would imply. And in some cases, their liquidity is going to be lower than it was pre-COVID. In some cases, they’ve been having to build bigger credit card balances. And so for us, it’s not a big part of the overall portfolio, but you’re going to continue to see that, which is something we should all have expected and expect to see as you go forward.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, look, we’re not going to get that specific, but when you look at like, individual products, they’re targeted towards different cohorts of clients. But what I would say overall, we feel really good about the credit quality of the new accounts we’re putting on. And in most cases, in most products, the credit profile is better than what we have from the historical backbook.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, Scott, it really is going to depend. I will highlight one thing though. In the slide that we have there, we – I noted that part of what’s driving the investment spend this year is the tech and equipment line moving up. And so that won’t continue to move up at that pace forever. And so that does start to moderate as you go out into the future. But as you look at the other investments we’re making, we’re going to try to be very thoughtful about looking at the opportunities that we have across each of the businesses, thinking about short, medium, long-term results and making sure that we’re sort of calibrating all that, right? But I would expect us to continue to make investments in each of the businesses. And I think that ultimately that’s what’s going to drive great returns and better performance over time.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Look, as we look at the reserve, and then I’ll come back to the broader point there, at some point we’ll start using the reserve more fully and then that allowance coverage ratio will come down. No doubt. I mean, that’s the way it should work when you think about CECL and the way the accounting should work. I think, in terms of your broader point, it’s a long movie. We’re still – we’re not – we’re past the opening credits, but we’re still in the beginning of the movie. And so it’s going to take some time for this to play out. And as I noted, it’ll be somewhat of an uneven and episodic sort of nature to the charge offs and as you work through this, because every property has a different timeline in terms of events that it needs to sort of work through. So I do think that we’ve got a while for this to play out through the system.
Charlie Scharf: And I’ll just add a little bit to it and to be a little bit repetitive. When you look at that slide, again, those are reported numbers. And so, the way we think about it is the earnings power of the company today on an ROTCE basis, you got to make your own assumptions for what’s in and out and what normalized net interest income is because we’ve been clear that we’ve been over earning. But when you look at, when you add back these expenses like FDIC, which relate to the past and this quarter and aren’t going to go forward. Our ROTCE is up 50% from where it was. So that is significant change. On top of that, when we look at the actions, as Mike said, that we’ve taken in the home lending business, when we see the trajectory of growth that we’re seeing in the card business, just as those things mature, let alone being able to deploy the excess capital we have, those are things that are in process. We don’t have to really do anything more other than let them mature and let them play out that is continued movement towards the 15% ROTCE. And then the last thing I’d say is just away from those things. When we got here, these businesses were not on trajectories to grow. The card business wasn’t growing, the corporate investment bank wasn’t growing. You can go through them one by one. And so, as we’ve talked about making investments, offsetting some of these efficiencies that we’ve seen and making determinations on whether or not they’re paying off. Those things that we’re seeing these increases in share, we’re pretty confident that they are going to continue to drive improved results over time. And so, as I said in my remarks, we’re clearly susceptible to market environment both for interest rates and the overall economic environment in the shorter term, but we feel both really good about the progress that we’ve made. We feel really good about what the path we see going forward is recognizing that there’s still a lot more that we have to do.
Charlie Scharf: And the only thing I would add is that that’s something that has always existed pre-COVID. Right. There were always people that were doing better and there were people that were doing worse. And I think what’s important, I speak for ourselves, when we look at our card losses, what we actually are looking at is, how they’re performing on a vintage basis versus pre-COVID levels. And the curves are right on top of what that is. And so it’s when we talk about getting back to normal in terms of what we’re seeing, that’s what we’re actually seeing in card losses. We’re not seeing at this point anything that goes beyond that.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, as you would guess, when you lose non-interest bearing deposits or they shift into higher yielding products, that’s going to have a pretty substantial impact. And so, that is a big driver of what the decline is for the rest of the year. We haven’t really talked about exactly where it bottoms, but it should stabilize at some point.
Charlie Scharf: We’ll see, but I think, I won’t try to give you a buyback number. Lots of things go into figuring that out throughout the year. But as we said, we expect buybacks to be bigger than last year and, the level assuming that nothing significant happens in the macro environment, the level that we’re at is higher than we need to be.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, what we said is, we expect stable deposits on the wealth and the commercial side. We do expect some declines on the consumer side, and an end to QT would be a positive.
Charlie Scharf: Well, QT at drains, will at some point more meaningfully drain liquidity out of the banking system. Right. So once you get the RRP facility down to a smaller number, which is likely to happen, then any further QT starts to really remove liquidity more directly out of the banking system and so that stops. That’s a positive for deposits.
Charlie Scharf: Hasn’t changed that meaningful yet. Really. We’re dealing with what is a structural change in sort of demand for real estate in some parts of the country. And so you got to work through that. And then I think on the margin, lower rates are helpful, but the bigger issue needs to get worked through first.
Matt O’Connor: Hi. Any thoughts on where card charge-offs go in 2024? I think you’re about 4% this quarter. And I guess you’ve had really good growth. So if we lag it like we used to do in the old days, maybe we get about 4.5%. I don’t know if that’s a good starting point or just any way to frame losses from here. Thanks.
Matt O’Connor: And then, we’re seeing this obviously not just with you guys, but kind of across the board in terms of card losses go up, even though we’re still in this really good environment in terms of employment and wealth and still a bit of excess savings. Just thoughts on what’s driving losses. Again, not just for you, but just for everybody, there’s life events that always happen, but it just feels like maybe card losses are getting a little higher than I would have thought with unemployment where it is, and again, like jobs available and all those dynamics. Thanks.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just lastly, if I can squeeze in, remind me, like the targeted customer, I think it’s like prime plus. But any way to frame that in terms of whether it’s Spico [ph] or wealth metric or homeowner percent or any way just to frame it, it is becoming a bigger part of the company, obviously so. Thanks.
