Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah. John, it's a good question. One of the challenges is that the rules haven't been finalized and similar to the Basel III capital rules from the point that which they were originally proposed to where they were finalized, there was a fair amount of discussion in change. I would tell you that we have adequate capital to operate Wells Fargo. Having said that, we are going to continue to work with the regulators in terms of those interpretations. There may be some incremental amount of liquidities that we need to raise, but we certainly – it's certainly that we are focused on because liquidity risk is a key risk for the company. But given over $1 trillion of deposits we have and given the experience we have in terms of operating in different environments, again we think we've got adequate liquidity. We may need to raise a little bit more but it shouldn't be material for the company.
Timothy J. Sloan: No, it's not a big factor at all, John. Again, to me it's much more important to think about the liquidity needs for operating the business as it relates to how much we want to invest in securities because the first call for any of our liquidity has always got to be to our customers in terms of loan demand. But it's not a primary driver in terms of the pace of activity. The primary driver in terms of the pace of our investment activity has been there over the last year. We've been in this very low rate environment and turned the clock back a year ago, we had a lot of excess liquidity, there was a lot of concern that we were going to be in low rates for a while and there was a view that we weren't investing fast enough. We wanted to stay disciplined then. That was the primary driver. Just like today, one of the primary drivers for why we're investing more in our securities portfolio is because we think given the rate back up, the returns are much more attractive.
Timothy J. Sloan: Okay. So on the net interest margin, I don't think the drivers have really changed that much. As you recall, if you look at our net interest margin decline, which we've had one over the last year 14 quarters, the primary driver for the decline has been the fact that we've been growing deposits which long-term – for the company, financing that. Within a quarter, we can have some variability based upon the variable income which was positive this quarter but last quarter was negative. The balance sheet continues to re-price a bit. So the factors really haven't changed because we haven't gotten to a point that the balance sheet has completely re-priced. So we could continue to see some continued compression in the net interest margin. The underlying factors really haven't changed. In terms of net interest income and our goal is to grow net interest income over time. What happens in a quarter-by-quarter basis I just don't know for sure because there's a lot of factors. We had a lot of positive factors that drove our net interest income this quarter which I think was absolutely terrific. Again, I don't know if that means we're going to grow net interest income in the third quarter, but over time I believe that we can grow net interest income and this quarter I think we've demonstrated our ability to do that.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, John, I think that's a very fair observation and candidly I think the mortgage sale margin has held up better not just for the last quarter but for the last year than I think anybody in the business or in industry would have expected. That said, it has come down and it came down over 30 basis points in the quarter. And our best guess is that we are seeing pressure in the gain on sale margin and the gain on sale margin has significantly declined. Recall that last quarter we framed the gain on sale margin variability over last few years if you annualize it, the low end was 160 and the high end again on an annualized basis was 220. We've been at the high end. We think we're going to start to move down from there. So I think there is going to be pressure. I do not believe you're going to see a 2.21% gain on sale margin, I think it's more likely to be lower. But again, it's really a function of the competitive environment which we think has been very rational as we've gone through this cycle as well as the rate environment. Recall that our best guess in the second quarter was that originations were going to be a little bit lower than the first quarter but in fact originations were up in the second quarter because rates stayed low for a longer period of time. Rates are now up and that's going to affect originations for sure. So there's a lot of variability but to put it very bluntly we think that the gain on sale margin is going to decline and it will decline somewhere in the range of what we've seen over the last few years, but it is going to decline.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, John points out over time I think that there is some balance in the business on the revenue side because of the fact that servicing income tends to be a little bit less volatile. We should see some benefit in terms of servicing income increasing as the housing industry continues to improve. As we pointed out, we did reduce the value of this servicing for some elongation of some foreclosure timelines. Over time that will dissipate. And then we'll continue to get the carry in the underlying servicing income. Our hedge ratio is pretty high, so it's not like we're vetting the farm on or the stagecoach on an increase in rates in the servicing portfolio. We'll see some benefit there, but I think it's also really important to remember that there will also be some expense trade-offs in the mortgage business itself. If it turns out that originations are down, then it's immediately in the quarter if you get a benefit from the revenue-based compensation, the commissions coming down and then to the extent that that volume continues, then you also make adjustments that tend to be on a lag basis, on a quarterly basis in terms of some of your other expenses.
Timothy J. Sloan: John, we're making adjustments all the time. The fact of the matter is we entered the quarter with actually a pretty strong pipeline of $63 billion which was only down 10%, 15% from the end of the quarter. But there's no question that to the extent that we continue to see a decline in the pipeline that we will make adjustments. And so you can assume that we will begin to make some of those adjustments this quarter.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, it’s a fair question. I don’t think anybody really knows what the volumes in the mortgage business are going to be. I think one of the challenges for anybody in making that estimate today is that the complexion of the originations is really changing. When you look at the percentage of refi volume versus purchase money volume that we had in the first quarter of this year for example, it was about 1/3 purchase money and about 2/3s refi volume. As the housing industry continues to improve and as we’ve got it – went into the spring selling season, you saw that mix shift in sales was more like 55, 44, 45 or whatever and what that means is that a larger portion of your originations are coming from the purchase portion of the business. So, I think it is a fact that refinance volume is certainly very much impacted by rates, but also we’re seeing now rates at the long end start to come down 10 basis points just in the last few days and so we don’t think – we don’t know for sure where volume is going to be. We believe it's going to be lower in this quarter and one of the things that we’ve learned in the mortgage business is, it's probably not a good thing to think, six months out or nine months out because there can be so much variability. We think volumes going to be down, but whether it’s going to be 30% to 40%, I just don’t know. As it relates to expenses, again, the timeline generally is that the revenue based compensation declined immediately and then to the extent we have a continued origination reduction, then you bring – you start to reduce some of your expenses that tends to occur on a lag quarter basis. But at the end of the day we still believe that we can continue to have good margins in the business and to keep the efficiency ratio above where it is, because also remember that one of the other important things that’s going out into business, if you got an improvement in the underlying housing industry so that your environmental related costs hopefully will coming down including foreclosures at the same time.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, Erika, let me reinforce again. As you think about the third quarter, and you think about the volume that we’ve seen over the last couple of years, we’ve been very fortunate to see quarters in which volume is been above the $100 billion. We just don’t think that we’re going to see $100 billion in mortgage volume, given the current rates today in the third quarter.
Timothy J. Sloan: There is no question that, that the key drivers for the improvement in the – or the reclassification or housing prices as well as the underlying credit performance within that portfolio and those are very similar to the drivers for the improvement that we’ve seen in our first mortgage portfolio and our home equity portfolios. In terms of the impact, I’d love to tell you that when – if you re-class the 876, we get an immediate impact, that’s not the way it works. It occurs over the life of the loan. There will be some positive impact and you’ve seen that and I’m hopeful if the current trends continue, and this isn’t the last time that we seen a reclassification, I can’t promise you that it's going to be the case. But it will provide some positive benefit over time. But again, we’ve got to make sure that we put it in the right context because our best estimate is the weighted life of that portfolio is still about 14 years.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, I think that the challenge we all have including where we’re in terms of the liquidity coverage ratio is the rules haven’t been finalized. If you would tell me what the final rules are, then I could tell you whether or not we’re too much or not enough for the write or whatever. What I do know is that we believe that we have additional ability based on how we’re running Wells Fargo based on our interpretations of the LCR to invest some of our liquidity in securities, but more importantly we have it ready for our customers when they want to borrow money. That doesn’t mean that we made – now that raise liquidity, when some of the rules are finalized. But we don’t believe and we believe that, that’s possible to do without a significant impact or material impact in terms of running the company. But again, I think it will be premature to conclude what the final rules like – look like because they haven’t been finalized.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well I think it’s all the above, Matt. There is no question that we’ve been benefited as everybody in the industry has been benefited by the improving market, the improving equity markets and the fact that retail investors want to be part of that business. We did see some movement from deposits to investing in the market. We think that’s a good thing. We’ve been waiting for that for a while, but we also grew our customer levels too.
Timothy J. Sloan: We hope that’s the case Matt. I think that as you know we entered into a transaction to sell our – a portion of our reversed mortgage portfolio in the first quarter. We didn’t have any sales of MSRs this quarter. But we will continue to look at selling MSRs, we think that’s prudent risk management that the primary driver for doing that is not because we feel like there is pressure as it relates to capital. But I wouldn’t be surprised if we moved forward and executed a sale of MSRs this quarter and next.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, I think it's a fair question, Scott. The underlying trends that in fact John referred to are still improved. And so it's hard to imagine improvement not continuing. Whether it continues to improve at the same rate, I don't know. I think we've continued to be surprised by how housing has positively impacted our results. I think also it's important to remember that particularly when you think about the reserve release that there were some overwriting factors that impacted the reserve release over the last few quarters including the fact that we had the OCC guidance that impacted the third and fourth quarters of last year and also the potential for the impact from the damage of Hurricane Sandy that's been working its way through the system. But again, I think the fundamentals for housing are strong. We have a large first mortgage and second mortgage portfolio that tends to be the portfolio where we have the disproportionate share of our losses even though they improved, the consumer losses improved just a touch over 1% this quarter. So we're feeling pretty good about the improvement.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, good question. It's really not what happened, it's what didn't happen this quarter. The comparison in the first quarter and the primary drivers for the decline were – we had an equity investment that we accounted for under the equity method and as you know, when those appreciate in value as opposed to the cost method you have to go ahead and write up the value, which we did in the first quarter. Just so you know, we actually sold that equity investment so we got the cash in the second quarter. Then secondarily we had $151 million gain which we had called out in the first quarter from the sale of some PCI loans that again were in the first quarter that we just didn't have in the second quarter. So I think it's more of what was missing in the second quarter than what occurred. So I don't know what's going to happen in the third quarter but I think if you look over a long period of time, the income from that line item being as low as it has been is not typical.
Timothy J. Sloan: We were almost at that point this quarter. That's one of the reasons why I called out the fact that the timing of the settlement from a structured sale had that occurred in the second quarter and it's going to occur relatively early in the third quarter, we would have been about flat. Notwithstanding the second quarter tends to be a quarter in which there's more share issuance as we called out. I don't know exactly what's going to happen but my guess is that we're very close to the point at which we will start to see share reductions.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah. Well, one of the reasons why we haven't made a lot of changes in terms of underlying business is that the increase in the rates only happened a few weeks ago and we had a large pipeline that we were working through. As you saw originations in the second quarter were a lot stronger than I think anyone would have imagined. So I think that's going to naturally begin to change because even through $64 billion is a great place to start, it's definite $63 million, it's definitely less than $79 million. And so our guess is that volume and originations will be under the $100 billion mark and we’ll need to go ahead and make some adjustments, but again I think the competitive atmosphere is really fierce, but it's very rational.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, it's a very fair quarter given the potential decline in mortgage revenues but again let’s make sure we put that in perspective. Mortgage revenues are a little over 10% of our total revenues for the company, that’s number one. Number two, when you look at the breadth of the growth in the company in terms of net interest income growth you saw loan growth, you saw us take advantage of the fact that given the right back up we will invest it more in securities. We haven't invested this much in securities in a long time right even when that we say the backup in the first quarter. When you look at the non-interest or the fee revenues really across the board we saw growth with the exception of some of those areas that were affected by the back up in rates so there’s a good story there. I don’t necessarily think this is the end of the improvement in credit because the factors continue to -- that are driving the improvement in credit haven't bottomed down. And then I think it's likely that we’ll continue to see some improvement in expenses. So when you put it all together, I don’t think it's just one time if it was I’d tell you and you could decide whether or not it would make sense, but the good news for us because of our diversified model we don’t have to rely upon one or two specific areas to be able to make up because make up or decline in any business we’ve seen declines in some of our businesses each quarter now for the last 14 quarters and we still have been able to grow whether or not we can do it in the third quarter I can’t promise you that, but I sure do like our chances to continue to grow earnings over time.
Timothy J. Sloan: We’re very comfortable with the level of MSR that we have today. Having said that from a risk management standpoint it's prudent to investigate the sale of any of the assets that you have on the books, whether it's MSRs or otherwise. I think to the extent that we would move forward to sell MSRs we would focus on those MSRs that tend to be to a customer that only has one product that mortgage that we service with the company; that would be where the primary focus would be. I don’t necessarily think it would material because we don’t think we have to do it, but it sure does make sense given the volatility in interest rates to look at all your assets and make sure that you know how to and can execute on sales before you’d ever get to a position that you would have to do it.
Timothy J. Sloan: We don’t have a target, it's a fair question but we don’t have a target, it was 2.01% at the end of the quarter. It's going to be what it's going to be based upon the improvement in the underlying credit trends. I wouldn’t be surprised if it was below 2% the next quarter I mean that’s a possibility. It could be a little bit higher, it could be a little bit lower, but there’s not a specific target that we have because it's really just the results of their underlying credit performance.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, the primary area’s that we’re seeing and take a hold is on the consumer side. You saw our consumer loans, again we need to back out the impact of the liquidating portfolio but we saw auto growth, we saw credit card growth which was very nice. We’re continuing to see growth in terms of this household formation that’s out there and that allows us to continue to grow deposits, so all those are good trends. There’s no question there’s going to be a bit of a lag effect as it relates to stronger commercial loan growth. Our commercial loan growth again has been pretty strong, which is now the I think the 10th consecutive quarter that we -- wholesale in total has grown and certainly in certain segments and industries within the wholesale portfolio we’re seeing some good growth, but my guess again it will be a quarter or so before we start to see a big pick-up.
Timothy J. Sloan: No. I wish they were but unfortunately not. When you look at line usage in the commercial side it's been pretty stagnant for that.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah overall the business is performing very well, the primary drivers for the growth wasn’t necessarily in any one specific product type within the business and it was very, very much focused on our existing customer base. The fees were up 40% year-over-year, most of that again was with our existing commercial and corporate customers. I think our market share at the end of the quarter ended up at about 5.8% which was fine. We’re not running that business for any sort of market share, we’re running that business to be able to be there for our customers when they need us and when you look at the growth in the business and the fact that it's primarily focused on those customers it's performing quite well.
Timothy J. Sloan: Mike, the only other thing I would add is I don't think you have enough columns on your sheet of paper. We have 90 different businesses, right? We are not just a – if we were just a mortgage company, then I think the columns and the items that you pointed out would have been absolutely spot on, right? But this is a portion of our business, it's a great business, terrific people, we're helping customers succeed all the time in that business, but we have 90 other – or 89 other businesses in this company that are continuing to grow and you can see not only this quarter but over the last year that many of the businesses have been growing not only as it relates to net interest income but also to noninterest income. So, again, who knows what's going to happen in the third quarter but over time this diversified model is very helpful when you have one business where revenues might be coming down.
Timothy J. Sloan: That's what exciting, right? If there was just one, actually we'd be worried about it. But whether – it's a nice analogy. That would be quite a stagecoach that we would have but the mortgage horse has been a big strong horse, right? We've got 89 other horses that are going to be to grow. And again, just look at the numbers this quarter to get a feeling for – we called 10 to 12, there's even more as you pour through the numbers in terms of performance.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, I think that’s – you hit the nail on the head with your last comment and that it's hard to calculate the answer when you don’t really know what – that all the variables are going to be. We think that we have more than sufficient amount of liquidity be able to operate Wells Fargo, we’ve been able to demonstrate that through some pretty significant downturn. The rules might change a little bit. If that’s the case we have to make some adjustments to the balance sheet, if we do that. That’s fine. We will adjust to that. But it's not that the onset of finalizing the Basel III LCR and any of the interpretation that might occur from our domestic regulators is not impacting the way that we’re running the business today. Meaning that we’re not – we don’t have some money to satisfy that we can’t lend to our customers or we can’t invest in securities because we’re too concerned about that and there is a lot of moving parts. And again, we’re going to we are – we will comply with whatever the final rules are, we will do that in an appropriate timeframe. But it’s not a limiting factor for the Company today.
Timothy J. Sloan: It is economic growth and the rate of loan growth and when we think about the recovery, as we talked about, we continue to be in a recovery that had to adjust to a tremendous amount of headwinds and it's been from our perspective remarkably resilient, but our loan growth would be a lot stronger as we were at 3% GDP level or 4% GDP level, which is about what I think everybody expected a few years ago when we started to come out of the downturn it’s primarily loan growth, less today in terms of investment, less today rates. That was a big limiting factor for us a year-ago and nine months ago and three months ago for that matter, less today for sure rates, because rates are more attractive today.
Timothy J. Sloan: A couple of things. One is just that we have a general improvement in the underlying portfolio and the delinquency in the portfolio has come down little bit. So the expectation according to the model is that customers are going to stay in their homes longer. We could be – I mean it could be though that you could reach a point whereas you continue to see home values increasing, that it could reach a point where those customers maybe more comfortable and able to sell their homes or even to refinance and that would begin to bring the average life down. But I wouldn’t read into that change any big change in our assumption during – like that is very variable on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Timothy J. Sloan: No, we definitely do. I mean that's part of the – it's one of the important variables within the model. But again, personally I think that prepaid are going to accelerate over time as values continue to go up, but we haven't seen that yet in the performance level but I think logically it could.
Timothy J. Sloan: We tend to use a lagged function and we tend to be a little bit more conservative. I mean we're not going to take for example the housing price, the 13% that John mentioned what we've seen year-over-year and assume that's going to continue forever, right? And so you got to be very careful with that. I think we've been and I think the entire industry and the market's been positively surprised at the level at which housing prices have – how resilient they've been, how much they've grown and the percentage that they've grown. So again, I think that we've seen some nice improvement and our expectation is that we're very positively leveraged to home prices. And so we could see some improvement from the results that you see here in the second quarter.
Timothy J. Sloan: Betsy, I think you're absolutely right and maybe using the word leverage is maybe even more appropriate there when you think about the impact to a home equity portfolio which the majority of our home equity portfolios are junior leans. To the extent that you got a portion of that that's above 100% home – increasing home values really, really impacts that portfolio.
Timothy J. Sloan: I think our home equity originations were up year-over-year but I don't think they were necessarily up significantly from the first quarter. It's a good product. It's underwritten very well today. It's one of the many products we provide. It's a slight uptick but it wasn't one of the drivers for the home equity – or our loan growth we would have called it out.
Timothy J. Sloan: If you wanted to create a natural hedge, you would have to reduce your hedge percentages and then when you're doing that, you would potentially create a lot more interest rate risks – not potentially, you would create a lot more interest rate risks for the company. And we just don't think that that's a prudent thing to do. So I think historically when the business was smaller than it is today, it might have been a little bit more – we might have more flexibility to do that. That doesn't really make sense to us today. So, our hedge ratios are relatively high, which is one of the reasons why you're not seeing one-for-one offset. There will be some benefit there's no question about that. And I think one of the key benefits of the servicing portfolio over time is that the quality of what you're servicing continues to increase because you continue to originate better quality mortgages that are going to pay for a longer period of time and you don't have as much foreclosure impact. I think that in terms of comparing our servicing results over the next few quarters with what we've experienced in the last few quarters, most of the reduction that you've seen has been related to foreclosure elongation and things like that and we're hopeful that that's going to dissipate. But I would not look for the MSR dollar-for-dollar offset and any reduction in revenues from the origination side of the business. There's some natural relation but it's not one-for-one.
John G. Stumpf: But John as you know and Tim's absolutely right, it will decline and margins will be under some pressure but we have this wonderfully balanced business within the business. In other words when rates increase, refis drop, margins come in because there's more competition but then you have a servicing portfolio and that does better. So there's balance within this business and there's also a flush down in the broad distribution and diversity within the company. So some businesses do better, some do not as well when rates rise.
John G. Stumpf: One of the thing that – I know that we should not forget now we went through this a lot – many times, but we have 6,200 stores, 30,000 or 40,000 personal bankers that refer business in, so when rates rise and its more of a purchase money business we have all folks on deck helping serve customers. And we still have tons of our customers who are interested in buying homes and moving and so forth who are our customers, but do their mortgage business in other places. So we have still lot of opportunity to capture purchase money business, which is still not at the levels it was, pre-prices. So, there is lots of activity going on there. Surely, the refinance volume is going to come down significantly, if rates continue to stay at high. But as Tim mentioned, I don’t know what rates will be. 90 days ago we wouldn’t have talked about what we’re talking about today. Things change very quickly in this business.
John G. Stumpf: And Matt the other thing, this is a big emphasis for the Company. David Carroll and his great team are working with Carrie Tolstedt and her team and Dave Hoyt and within the company this is a one Wells Fargo working together. So not only the markets help us, we’re also putting a big emphasis on this. We think it’s a big growth opportunity for this Company.
John G. Stumpf: Sure. So first of all, I think I had mentioned before that we look at 400 or so MSAs, Metropolitan Statistical Areas, and we have a unique and pretty grounded way of seeing real estate across the country. And the deal, it's better everywhere or going on – in some cases two years surely in the past year and it's been stronger in some places than even probably we had expected. Some of the states that were hardest hit, Nevada, Florida, Arizona, California, are showing huge or very large price appreciation kinds of numbers. Also if you look at – and yes, rates have gone up but if you were in the mortgage market before 2000, you know that these are unbelievably good rates. My first mortgage was at 8.5%, my second one was 11.5% and I thought those were great rates at the time. So affordability still is there, household formation continued to happen in the last four or five years where people weren't buying, so there's a lot of pent-up demand. The three important issues to a home purchase what you make, what the house costs and what's the financing costs? One of those is still close to 40, 50-year record lows compared to rental. Owning a home makes economic sense. It surely depends on where you want to live and how long you want to live there and so forth. So there is just strength there. And it improves customer confidence. The thing I hear most about when I'm out in the marketplace is the lack of inventory. So we are expecting that prices will continue to improve, probably not at the level they have in the past but housing sure has strength to it. So I don't know what's going to happen to rates all the time but when housing improves, it's good for Americans, it's good for competence and which in turn is good for the financial services industry and Wells Fargo.
John G. Stumpf: Scott, I'll just add one more thing. Housing is uniquely different than any other consumer asset class. When housing improves, people feel better. I mean two-thirds of Americans or so own a home. When housing improves, it improves the confidence. People spend more. The multiplier effect on buying washers and dryers and other consumer goods is just – it's just very special around housing. So when housing gets better, it really lifts all [bolts] on the consumer side.
John G. Stumpf: Tim is absolutely right in that, I mean we are actually focused around here on growth, and it comes from our basic operating philosophy around helping customers succeed financially. And when you’re in 90 different businesses as Tim mentioned not every quarter would be a complete offset to one other one, but over time we believe we have the right business model, the right leaders, the right markets to continue to grow this company and we sure like our chances on that.
John G. Stumpf: Yeah Paul think of it this way, I wouldn’t make more of this than it is, I mean we have a very large and important servicing business. We love that business from time-to-time opportunistically we’ll sell something and reposition, but we like the bounce and we like that business a whole lot.
John G. Stumpf: Yeah, Joe to add something to that, I make a lot of calls in that area on behalf of our team, and these are existing customers for the most part. They appreciate the skill set and the abilities we have in that business especially if we partner with our retail distribution platform. So we make a compelling offer and our long-term customers appreciate that added service that we have for them.
John G. Stumpf: Yeah, here's the way I look at that, Mike. When housing gets better, it's better for Americans, it's better for the country and that accrues – we had a commitment to residential real estate and commercial real estate for that matter in those companies, because that's what our customers want us to buy. I can't tell you if it's – what's going to happen in the next quarter, but I can tell you this. An improving housing market will benefit customers and us because we're at the end of the day a reflection of our customers. So the benefits are yet to come. It might come in different line items. You're right, if rates rise there will be less refinances. We've been there before, but it also means improved credits, it means improved confidence. Customers start small businesses. We're a big/small business bank. Environmental costs go away. So I would take that trade all day long in improving housing market even if it means less refinances because rates are rising at the same time, that's fine.
John G. Stumpf: We talked in last couple of quarters about how we think we have an opportunity in credit card. I mean we are seeing great increases there. Look at the Wealth, Brokerage and retirement business, now these are not all one horse offset the other horse but when you have a whole team out there, the key is keep the coach running and we like that diversity.
John G. Stumpf: We still think there is opportunity on expenses here and I think Tim mentioned that earlier in the call. So as you mentioned on the mortgage side, first of all there is the commission base, so that happens immediately. And then we are very good at sizing the business based on what's going on. We've done that many times. But in other businesses we – for example, we started something called the neighborhood store with 6,200 stores. We opened that first one in Washington D.C. and that operates at 40% less costs of the same functionality. There are tons of opportunities like that; paperless ATM receipts and nickels and dimes in the corners that all add up at the end of the day in addition to the environmental costs.
John G. Stumpf: Well, eventually is Washington D.C. but – so let me tell you first of all, we have about 6,200 stores and the stores have been relatively flat in numbers. And there is a lot of discussion today about in our industry whether stores are still relevant. We think they're enormously relevant even to our millennial customers. And store usage and channel usage frankly is based on many times age, affluence and activity. And when we talk with our customers, even the millennial visit our stores once every year or six months or sometime and places where they go to open their first account, it's where people go. If they can't, they'll go probably any place else and it's a place they take good money in if they come into a trust fund that runs out of whatever the case may be. But here's the key. As long as our customers tell us that destination distribution like a store is important, we're going to built it for them and we're going to have stores. Will they need them? Will they want them? And that's important to growing deposits, to selling products and services to them. If we ever get a time where they say it's not important, then we'll jump that way also. So since stores are important, how do you make them more efficient and how do you build them in a way that allows for the convenience they want, the availability they want but also under the cost structure that makes sense. The neighborhood store we had, it's about 1,000 square feet. During the daytime, it's a full functioning store. It happens to be paperless, it happens to have the cash there is contained within machines that can check down to the dollar. And after hours the [walls] fold in and it's an ATM vestibule. So you can get the best of both. This is a test and learn. We've done a lot of testing and learning around here and in many of those densely populated marketplaces, you can't rent a facility of 5,000 square feet. A 1,000 all you can get, so that makes it available to you. So if this works, we'll do more. It doesn't work, we've got nothing. This is only one test. We have lots of tests going on.
John G. Stumpf: Yeah, it's additive but it might be a replacement strategy for certain stores. In fact, some of what we're doing today is taking two stores and building a new one and consolidating into two depending on customer flows, depending on customer needs. We are a retailer, so most retailers that I respect are always looking at their distribution footprint and model but the long and the short of it is we believe in the store concept but – I mean when I first got in the industry, we had the operations in the second floor and the boardroom on the bottom floor, in the basement. We had to change since that time and still continue to change.
John G. Stumpf: Well it depends on the activity in the store and the activity with customers. Five years ago the breaking was very different than it's today, customers borrowed more.
John G. Stumpf: It's a different margin on borrowing versus depositing. But I wouldn’t say in weeks or months but it's about 40% reduction in cost is the same functionality, that’s a big deal.
John G. Stumpf: Yes, it's checking accounts. That’s why when I wake up in the morning I get here, the first thing I look at is the checking account report from the day before. I love checking accounts, I dream about them. I just -- because …
John G. Stumpf: It's because it's the formational account for a consumer. And the second probably most important is mortgage, and that’s why we’re almost -- we’re obsessive about that, about serving customers.
John G. Stumpf: Well, Nancy this is America, people are free to express their opinion, and that’s one of the beauties of this country. And yeah from my perspective we're thoroughly in the real economy. I mean what we do is to serve customers. Small business, large business, commercial real estate customers, consumers and virtually everything we do has a customer on the other side of it. We take a deposit in, we don’t put it into a vault and (indiscernible) we put it to work. We make consumer loans, commercial loans, small business loans, loans to ranchers and farmers and energy companies and that’s what we do, and that’s proprietary. I mean that’s putting, because we have to manage those kinds of risks, I understand that. I don’t understand how serving customers broadly and deeply including helping them with a public offering whether it be debt or equity, somehow it makes us riskier or weaker or puts depositors at risk more so than making a loan. But I understand that the dialogue, you got to realize the capital that’s been raised, the discipline around risk of all kind is far different than it was just a few years ago. I am proud of this company and proud of what we do and I know that we are helping this economy to recover, to heal and we’ll do all we can do that.
John G. Stumpf: I don’t know the exact answer to your question Andrew. I think it's a fair question because as you point out we’ve made a tremendous amount of progress over the last few quarters. I don’t think, so if you just pick two items for example, foreclosed asset expenses which were $146 million in the second quarter, that doesn’t feel to me to be the run rate that we would settle in. Could it go up, it could go up or could go down, but I think over time there still is some room for that to decline. And then also I think the contra revenue item that we had which was the MSR servicing and foreclosure cost impact. Again the primary driver there is continued foreclosure timelines in certain judicial foreclosure states, primarily New York and New Jersey and over time that will I think begin – we will continue to moderate. So, I think those in particularly probably little bit more room to run. But you’re correct, the rate of increase is going to slow down.
John G. Stumpf: And the beauty of it, borrowing does start, I mean that – those costs are already embedded. We already have those approved. I mean that’s just all revenue then.
John G. Stumpf: Well, that one we own. I mean we own the asset there. So I wouldn't look for that area per se. I don' want to give guidance here, but I think what you should take away from this is that we like the MSR business. We think it's critical to – well, we not only like it because of the business itself but because of the cross-sell we do out of it. And that we will sell from time to time opportunistically. I think Tim mentioned that we might look at something that has a single product household kind of dynamic here, but we're always looking in all of our businesses is an opportunity here to monetize something that might be more valuable someone else to us, sure, we'll look at that. I won't go for a big change here.
John G. Stumpf: Okay, thank you. Thank you much and I know we've run over time a little bit but thank you all for joining our call and we appreciate your interest and your coverage in Wells Fargo. See you next quarter. Thank you much.
