John Shrewsberry: Sure. So we provided this slide on the deck this time that shows what portion of that first $2 billion should be out of the run rate by the end of this year and what portion should be out of the run rate by the end of next year which is incremental information. The part that's hard to convey is what is already being spent as reinvestment of that for a variety of programs. We've talked about a lot of these but we've had and will continue to have elevated spending around various regulatory and technology related activities. Now just tick few off for you including resolution planning this year which doesn't completely go away. This BSA and AML activity going on, lot of cyber work going on. I mentioned data modernization earlier in our remarks which is a big undertaking is technology re-platforming and this of course your sales practices issues that are lingering. So some of those are in the run rate today. And many of those will continue to be in the run rate throughout 2018 and maybe some of it even into 2019. There are bits and pieces of getting more efficient on those programs that are part of that $2 billion save that we are working on. So it's not dollar for dollar if as these things roll off and that first $2 billion gets realized those benefit, but with respect to efficiency ratio we think that will be sort in the -- as I mentioned plus or minus 61% from the fourth quarter and it is definitely our goal to be at 59% or below at some point next year. Now there is two parts to that. One is expenses which we are talking about but it is also what happens with revenue. So rate increases, if there are any loan growth which is very important will contribute to that too. So it is both the numerator and denominator that we are working on. But I'll say we are shooting for plus or minus 61% in the fourth quarter and we are -- we like to get to 59% or below at some point during 2018.
John Shrewsberry: That's good question. So it depends on a few things including what you mentioned. It also depends on what happens to deposit pricing and what the market response is in retail deposits in particular. I wouldn't anticipate a lot of incremental growth in interest income in the fourth quarter. I think we are at 5% [here today] [ph] on year-over-year basis and we've been imagining and telegraphing low to mid 4% to 5% for the year as a whole. So I think the fourth quarter will probably reflect that especially because as you said nothing moved on short end, the long ends moved a little bit but that only matters at the margin as we reinvest. 
John Shrewsberry: They are relatively earnings -- the run rate which I think is what you are referring to is relatively earnings neutral going forward. 
John Shrewsberry: Yes. The only complication that adds is indirect expense because we have a work to do take up the associated indirect expense but in general I'd say that that we will not be giving up a lot of net income.
John Shrewsberry: That's elegant but I guess the way I think about it -- I think about it is you got to take a snapshot of a business mix that throws off its -- each component which throws of its own efficiency ratio and I expect us frankly to get more efficient in the businesses as we roll forward. But as you look forward a year we should have taken out call it 40% of the first $2 billion and the rest of it to be coming out at the end of next year. So obviously that will be phasing-in through that period of time. You will have these harder to gauge elevated program related expenses for the types of items that I mentioned that sort of happening over the top. They have been for a little while and I anticipate the next 12 or 18 months will be -- there will be a lot of it going on. So I don't know much will be rolling off exactly at the end of the next -- nobody knows exactly how much will be rolling off at the end of next year. But that's a big number. And then we began to have this structural take out like the amortization, deposit intangible, the extra FDIC premium and the cost of the exited businesses although those will be happening earlier in 2018. So those are the moving pieces as I see them. Now with something new could occur to that changes the business but those are the big items and the way that are moving that as we forecast through 2018 and into 2019 are the drivers of where we are going to be. And with that an expectation for revenue that's what makes us think that we will get down to 61% for 2017 in the fourth quarter and hope to get to 59% in 2018.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So with respect to year-over-year margin and what's going on I mean it's what you imagine. We've got different categories of earnings assets they are priced differently investment securities loans, short -term investment et cetera. We've got mix and we have repricing. And the sort of weighted average of that matrix is the benefit in a rising rate environment, and then we've got deposits, we've got long-term debt, other funding liabilities, we've got mix and we've got repricing that's the negative in a rising rate environment. And that's what -I think we are five basis points up year-over-year but if there is a move in December and we roll into the beginning of the year and the easy calculation is actually our parallel move, so I'll give you the number for a parallel move. We think that's probable all things being equal that's probably worth $90 million a quarter including in the first quarter. So now things don't happen in parallel. We don't know what's going to happen at the longer end but and the big question mark about that is what is the deposit response in retail that bigger banks either cause or impacted by on the next move because we model a reasonably meaningful response and yet we haven't seen what yet so there could be upside to that. 
John Shrewsberry: Vintages a recent quarterly, vintages of origination. I think with card we've been adding more new cards. We -- our card portfolio is now probably 50% what you consider to be very seasoned vintages so we should probably see a tick up because newer card vintages are going to experience front end loaded losses that's to be expected. 
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So this is -- this really relates to our own liabilities. When we issue long-term fixed rate either in dollars or in other currencies we hedge -- we often hedge back to floating, and we almost -- we generally hedge back to dollars or at least historically we did. So is that accounting noise that gets reduced as a result of the new accounting. So the only real impact that you are going to see is there will be some catch-up adjustment, year-to-date adjustment in Q4 which I think might amount to call it $100 million - $200 million kind of range. We haven't finished all the map on that yet but we'll figure out and that will come through in Q4. And then going forward what you see is a lot less volatility and the reason of course we are adopting it is because we are creating this noise in non-interest income that was bouncing around to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars a quarter that was just as a result of different evaluation schemes for the liability lag and the hedge lag and things that were permanently hedged. So we are happy with this kind of change. 
John Shrewsberry: Sure. So the MPOE strategy that we've had in our recently filings works great for us. And I point out that because it's more unique to us among the larger banks because we've got smaller non bank affiliate activity going on and that's sort of a key driver of whether that works or doesn't work. In order to create more flexibility going forward including more either size or complexity of some of our non bank affiliate activity with nothing in particular or urgent in mind but just in general. We get more flexibility with an SPOE strategy. We had to sort of finish the process first of satisfying the deficiencies that were called out a couple of years ago and then filing the most recent plan. And so we stuck to our plan and delivered that and the feedback thus far has been -- it's not complete but it has been fine. So by doing this we think we open up more flexibility for Wells Fargo going forward and as you mentioned the industry got word that there will be instead of an annual cycle, at least this time an extra year and so whether we wait and file at the end of that period or we file at the middle of that period, we haven't really figured out yet but the intention is to move towards SPOE and we thought that the investment community should know that. 
John Shrewsberry: And those changes which we talked about are taking 50 or 55 distributed origination underwriting and collecting centers down to three bigger regional centers. And so while that's happening we rather have a higher credit profile the average customer so just that we are dealing with fewer defaults frankly while we make that change. And it will be made in 2018.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. And it's not net build -- it's -- we would have it released but for the analysis that we've done so far on the hurricane impact areas. 
John Shrewsberry: Yes. One of the first things we did in Texas and Florida was offer people a 90 day forbearance on their mortgage payment then add them on to the back end of the loan with no negative repercussions so they get just get their feet back on the ground. That's great thing although it is just complicate figuring out whose going to make their payments or not. So we have to wait I suppose just seeing all the information and every first of the month payment cycle. We also have more complications here with our borrower insurance whether it's auto insurance or homeowner insurance, how are they covered for flood, how are they covered for winds, those types of things which will -- which increases the uncertainty on what performance are going to be. So we noticed also that there was a bigger number than what some other people have talked about. 
John Shrewsberry: Only thing I'd is that we are thinking very, very aggressively about what the right mix is. We own half of our branches. We have short leases on most of the other half. We are in a position to be as flexible as we need to be if we think opportunity presents itself.
John Shrewsberry: The aggregate deposit beta is a function of the component pieces of it. And as I mentioned earlier we are the number one retail deposit franchise and beta there is essentially zero. And in wealth and investment management where we've got a sophisticated clientele with lot of excess liquidity and lot of options, I think our beta -- our realized beta has been on the order of a third -- 30% to 35%. In the wholesale where we as you point out we have lots of sophistication, lots of competition et cetera, I think the realized beta has been something on the order of two thirds and so to the extent that we've been growing wholesale deposits a little bit faster than the weighted average deposit beta moves up reflecting that mix. I don't know whether Perry would say that he is being responsive in this cycle to give not give people a reason to move money away from Wells Fargo. I think they are being judicious; they are going customer by customer or customer category by customer category. We are doing more for example with certain type of institutional borrowers which probably have the most sensitivity to change in rate but we need them for our total liquidity profile and it sort of is what it is on average. And when I think about NIM expansion and the rising rate environment, obviously this is a big part of the outcome but it's also the change in rest of our liability structure as well, we've got more long -term debt than we've ever had before that comes in more of cost which has been NIM depressing during the time that we've been adding an office, this few other structural items as well. 
John Shrewsberry: So I mentioned in my comments earlier that data modernization is one of our big initiatives because for reasons like this with the breadth of reach that we have to call it 21 million households and 70 million customers in one way or another, we know so much about our customers that we should be able to as in this case pre populate with trusted data, but present really customized, really personalized solution when people are looking for a new product or new service. We can use that same data in a fraud protection way, it's very, very, powerful and a risk management way, it's very, very powerful. The more we know because of the breadth of our relationship with customers, the stronger the value proposition is going forward. So it's a huge initiative and it's going to -- it should change the way retail banking is done. 
John Shrewsberry: Sure. So prior to 2013, we were in the midst of refinancing boom and everybody was so busy, everybody in the industry but we certainly were that we didn't charge for any sort of rate lock extension. We put a new policy and practice in place at that point which was in place until we changed it. So it's that roughly three year timeframe that we are focused on where some customers where we charged a rate lock extension maybe should have been -- it should have been handled differently and that's population that we were focused on. We changed our practice, it's done centrally now and so that's there is a focus. 
John Shrewsberry: Nothing new. There has been an order in place for sometime which just raises the standard for the level of borrower due diligence if necessary in order to be satisfying from a regulatory perspective. So there is a lot of beneficial owner or if there is a lot of sort of incremental memo writing, file cracking et cetera across hundreds and hundreds of thousands of wholesale customers. And it cost at the margin hundreds and millions of dollars per year to accomplish. That sort of a backlog issue. 
John Shrewsberry: Well, I think the expectation is that the work necessary to deliver would be done -- finished in 2018. It has been underway for more than a year. That's a different question as to getting under the consent order. 
Tim Sloan: The short answer as it relates to wholesale banking, Erika, it is a great question, is no, I mean at the margin and our government and institutional banking business. There is a little bit of impact on some municipalities they have put us on probation or just said they are not going to use as much for a period of time. Though we had some municipalities that have taken us off that because we've executed on everything we said we are going to execute over the last year. So it's not impacting our ability to hire people. And I mentioned attrition for the entire company but the same would go for wholesale banking in terms of lower attrition so we are not losing people. And is not affecting our credit appetite at all. And again I think wholesale banking performance in the quarter was good and I'd say the same thing for wealth and investment management. I mean you saw real good performance there. So there is no question that there is impact. We've talked about that. John provided a number of details in his presentation as it relates to some of our consumer businesses but for the rest of the company we are continuing to move forward. 
Tim Sloan: So let me start with the portfolios that are likely to decline over that period and then we'll get to the ones that are going to increase. So as we've highlighted for last few quarters, I think it's likely that the auto portfolio will continue to decline over the next few quarters. Our expectation is it probably bottom out sometime second half of next year. I think the home equity portfolio will also continue to decline though our expectation is that next year all other things being equal will originate more home equity loan than what we did this year. But again recall there still that legacy portion of that portfolio that's burning off that we used to be very concerned about from a loss standpoint and it is now performing beyond all of our expectations. I expect the credit card portfolio to continue to grow. We saw that this quarter that was absolutely terrific driven by some really good improvement in digital acquisition. And so all the investments that we are making in the credit card business and our digital platform are working. I expect the on balance sheet mortgage portfolio to grow during that period. There will be some seasonality in the fourth and first quarter we've seen but again like we saw this quarter, we saw good growth in the first mortgage residential portfolio. And then on the wholesale side and commercial side we expect to see growth throughout that period. John highlighted some of the idiosyncratic reasons why we saw some decline this year. But our expectation is going to continue to grow. Having said all that, the reason we became the largest lender in this country is because we look at the market, we look at our customer demand and we want to make sure we are making good, long-term credit decision. So sometimes in a quarter it means you grow, sometimes you shrink but over the long term we are very confident we are going to be able to continue to grow. 
Tim Sloan: Oh I think again we called out some specifics for example in this quarter we had a number of larger CRE construction loans that paid off and that's again that's going to be little bit episodic but overall view is that we are going to see growth across the entire portfolio again because we are in so many businesses, each business is going to have a little bit different complexion in the quarter. We highlighted the fact that because of the GE Capital acquisition we are now the number one asset base lender and we are pretty excited about that. That hasn't necessary happened over last few years so there is -- we think there is good upside there but really across the board we are optimistic about being able to grow. 
Tim Sloan: Yes, Ken, it's a really good question. I think that everybody in the industry and certainly been for us too, we've seen such a benign credit environment except for the energy business which we've all work through. Whether you are a 27 basis points or 30 or 33 whatever the number is over the last few quarter it's still really low. If you overlay the current economic environment we continue to believe that losses will probably bounce around at lower rate ex things like the impact from the hurricanes but overall the portfolio has never been in any better shape in my 30 years at the company so we continue to be optimistic. Sorry John -- 
Tim Sloan: But again that's not necessarily because of any fundamental deterioration at card portfolio, that's just a natural aging of new customers.
Tim Sloan: Yes. I just add I think there are two things going on, Betsy. One, there is the execution of the fundamental changes that we are making in the auto business to make it much more efficient and much more -- much less complex. And then it's just going to be our view of what's going on in the business. And if we think that there is more opportunity from a risk-reward standpoint as it relates to credit and we will take advantage of that but I think the decisions we've made over the last year had really worked because when you look at the average FICO scores of our customers, we did now increase and that's exactly what we wanted. So it's going to be a function of the changes that we are making in the business and then our view of what's going on in the industry. Even said all that I think you should expect that portfolio -- I am not being negative I just want to make sure you reinforce the comment I made to Ken, you should expect the portfolio even if we turn things up a notch to continue to decline through the fourth quarter this year through most of the next year and probably bottom out again sometime hopefully at the second half of next year. I mean we like that business. Don't get us wrong and our expectation is over time we will continue to gain share in that business but right now we are cautious and we got lot of changes going into the business and we got to execute those. 
Tim Sloan: Yes, it is. Betsy, again we are the largest lender in the country and you had a significant hurricanes have affected to very fast growing estate Texas and Florida in particular. 
Tim Sloan: And Puerto Rico and so it's across all product types. But I would also put in the category of if it's early in our assessment and I think we've been appropriately prudent in wanting to be conservative. We could end up being a little bit too conservative, maybe a little bit less but right now because there is so much going on in all those markets we just thought it was prudent not to have a release until we get to the bottom or whatever the exposure would be. And our folks have been working very hard in terms of trying to get their arms around it and everyday is a little bit different. My guess we'll have updates throughout the quarter.
Tim Sloan: Sure. So Scott I think it's a great question but fundamentally I think every institutions going to have a different footprint. We are really, really proud of this footprint that we've developed over decades and decades which is one of the reasons why we have the largest market share from the deposit standpoint. That's incredibly valuable. And I'd also just caution that it's not just about the number of branches, it is the size of the branches, it's how they are organized, it's where they are located, which drive cost and so on. But I think Mary Mack was very clear in our Investor Day in giving a couple of years of guidance in terms of what are plans are and we are in the midst to executing on those plans. So far this year as we've detailed we are on track in terms of the branches we are closing. We haven't seen in any significant revenue impact which is part of the goal too. Most of our team members that were in those branches have now liked other branches which are absolutely terrific. So we've got an experienced crew. My guess is that over time we'll continue to respond to our customers because they are going to ultimately tell us how many branches they want. We transaction billions of dollars, billions of interactions each quarter but over 50 millions time a month somebody still comes into our branches and they want to be able to use them. So I think it's likely over time the number of branches that you see will decline. If our customers tell us that they want fewer of them then we will accelerate that. But candidly, if our customers tell us they want more we are going to listen to them. But I think you had also seen Scott the impact from the investment that we are making from the digital standpoint and it's not just the investment in terms of opening new accounts, it's also how we are integrating that into the branch experience. So it's long-winded answer to your question we are going to execute on what we said for 2018 and 2019. We are going to have an Investor Day next May. We will provide you with an update. I am sorry 2017 and 2018, we will have Investor Day next May, we will provide you with some updates and we will continue to move forward. 
Tim Sloan: Yes. John, the sales practices impact for our loan growth has been primarily based on referrals from our branches to some of our other businesses. So there has been impact in terms of credit card referrals and first mortgage home equity and things like that. 
Tim Sloan: And personal and lines, thank you John. That's really where the impact has been. There has not been material impact in wholesale or wealth and investment management for that matter. 
Tim Sloan: I don't have a good answer for you, John. I don't think much because it just happened and so I don't think that's a big driver. 
Tim Sloan: Well, Matt, we've been working very hard to identify all the issues. I am very pleased with the progress obviously, I am not necessarily pleased if you had find something, it sometimes it's not particularly positive but we've made a commitment to look through everything and be very disclosive and I appreciate that can create a headline. And weigh on the company and stock and team members and others stakeholders. But we've made a lot of progress. I can't commit to you Matt that we've finished everything because things are still in progress but we are very far along but I think it's also important to reinforce -- our review of all of our policies, procedures, practices is going to continue for a long time meaning that we got to continue to ask more of ourselves everyday. And I think that was in hindsight one of the mistakes that we made and we've -- I have taken responsibility for that, we've taken responsibility for it. But it's long-winded answer to your question, we are making a lot of progress. We've been transparent about everything that we've talked about, we discovered and so on. I am really pleased with the progress. 
Tim Sloan: Well, Matt, I don't ever want to be on par with everybody else. I want to be better than everybody else. And that's why we rolled out our six aspirational goals for our team in March. And we said, look, we want to be the best in the industry. We are not in the best in the industry and everyone of those right now but that's what our goal is. So listen I appreciate the question and I understand the reason for the question and so on. But I don't have a specific date and I think it's a mistake notwithstanding in the short term that might feel good but in long term it would be a mistake, it's a mistake to put a stake in the ground, and say everything is got to be done by certain day because then what happen is people might rush to get to an answer and I don't want them to rush to the answer. I want them to get to the right answer. But again we've made a lot of progress. As John described, we are spending a lot of money looking through everything and building a better company. So we are going to continue on that journey. 
Tim Sloan: Marty, let me just reinforce how we think about pricing, deposits for our wholesale customers. It's very much based -- very much done on a relationship by relationship basis. So it's not just about hey let's decide whether or not we want to keep these deposits, it's about what's the value of the overall relationship. And so it's as you appreciated it's a little bit more complicated than just the deposit. It's the relationship and it's very much coordinated with what we are doing on the wealth and the individual side. So there is a lot of coordination going on, if there has as John mentioned the beta is a little bit higher but I wouldn't necessary jump to the conclusion that's fundamentally changed the structure at the company. 
Tim Sloan: Oh I think at the margin, Marty, there is no question when you have such an important market like Florida without power and still parts of Florida without power, you have an important market like in and around Houston which has been like very dynamic from a growth standpoint, there are some impact. I don't know how much it is but at the margin there is some impact and we'll work through, that has an impact to the company in a very short term, over the long terms those are great markets, they are going to recover. Generally, what you see kind of post hurricane, in a hurricane situation you see kind of V shape recovery in those markets and we are looking forward to that. That's one of the reasons why we've really focused on making sure that we provided all the benefits to our customers possible to help them recover even faster. 
Tim Sloan: Yes, I mean everybody has got an opinion on this. I wish Franklin on the phone because he'd probably give you the best one but my personal view is that I think this recovery is very different than what we've seen historically because of the impacts of demographics and what we just see the millennials forming households and therefore buying houses at a different pace than what we saw in earlier recovery and/or prior recoveries in other demographics. So I think there is -- and we believe there is a lot more room to grow. I don't know what inning it's in but I would say its -- again assuming kind of the steady economic growth that we've seen, we see that demographic grew aging more, they are starting to form families more, we are starting to -- and we are starting to see the benefit of that. So my expectation is that we are early in that process and we got lot to look forward to. And that's one of the reasons why we have been so focused on rolling out our new digital mortgage application because I think particularly for that demographic group, they are used to a mortgage and then they want a mortgage experience and maybe you and I didn't experience when we bought our first home. They are used to --when they go online they want all the information as they should have and so that's why we are excited to roll this out in the first quarter and we think that will be very positive to that demographic group.
Tim Sloan: I want to be respectful to the Quicken, I think they've done a great job with rocket mortgage but I would describe what we are doing as the kind of the next generation because it's not just about giving a fast answer. That's part of it. Everybody expects that and we are doing that across the platform from a consumer side. This is about if you are going online, you are Wells Fargo customer, you type in a little bit information like who you are and you want to mortgage and we pre populate your application so that you are not -- we are not asking you and you are not having to give for the 44 time where you live, how much you make and it's using the trusted data that we have here. What's even more exciting about that is that we are going to have the capability of pulling that data from outside Wells Fargo too. So we are going to have that same capability both inside and outside of Wells Fargo. So I would describe that is a next generation. 
Tim Sloan: Well, I think the primary driver for the change in mix in the top 10 has been related to FHA direct mortgages again set correspondent aside for a minute. Because the FHA has not adopted the same liability structure that Fannie and Freddie have. The larger originators we would be one and our other bank competitors or the other have just said you know what we are not going to sign up for the fact that 10 years from now somebody could come back and say I mortgage the originated today defaulted at that point in time. That's really been the driver. Now I am hopeful that with all the changes we are going to incur as we look at how homes are financed in this country that issue will be dealt with and I can assure you that if and when that occurs we will back into FHA direct business and you will see an improvement in our share over time. But that's been the driver. Plain and simple. And I don't mean to be negative about any other competitors. They are all terrific and I am sure they are providing good service and so on to their customers but that's been the driver. 
Tim Sloan: There is no question that we want to try to retain as many of those customers as we can. So the short answer is yes, I think that's part of our overall growth strategy but many of those are just paying off because the customers don't need them any more. 
Tim Sloan: Yes, I think Betsy had asked about the sum of the FDIC premium and the amortization of deposits intangible. That's about $1 billion a year in full run rate. And the expenses from the businesses that we are selling, I don't think that we have called that out one yet, it's less than $1 billion but there is a portion of that's direct and a portion indirect and so we need to make sure that we can drive out all of the indirect that's associated with it in order to take the full amount out. We will get some more clarity as those businesses actually close and are sold. 
Tim Sloan: So let me answer the last question, last part of your question and get to the beginning because it's a really good question. The short answer is no. We don't -- that the driver this is not deposits pricing. I think that at the margin if you are competing on price, you are making short term decision and invest in the opportunity to build long term relationships. What -- how I would think about the primary checking account growth in kind of two parts. One is quality and one is quantity. You are talking about quantity which is an absolute fair point year-over-year it's been flat. I think the reason for that is because we've been through and are going through a transformation in our retail business. And when you think about what -- how that sales practices settlement and related reputational impact affected our team and our customers particularly in the third and the fourth quarter, and then Mary and team have been making fundamental changes to the business in terms of a new incentive plan, going through reducing a layer of management in terms of new training and just there has been so much going on. And I think that what we are seeing and actually I was talking to Mary about this over the last couple of days. What we are seeing right now in our branches our team members that are so much more confident and working so much better with their customers to provide them with solutions and I think you are going to see that in not only continued improvement in customer experience and loyalty scores but you are going to see that in terms of growth. The quality I think is an important point. Mary highlighted at Investor Day that average customer deposits per account were up about 8% year-over-year, now we are seeing that be up about 11%. So we've got work to do on quantity, quality is already improving but it's just the execution of all the plans that are in the process right now. And we are seeing improvement everyday. 
Tim Sloan: Yes. I will start and then I am sure John want to jump in but look we appreciate that we have lot of stakeholders. And it is not lost on us, that one of our most important stakeholders are you; our shareholders and we have historically provided exceptional returns on an absolute and relative basis. I think our returns are continued to be very, very good. Others have caught up, we appreciate that but make no mistake, we understand that increasing our capital return to our shareholders like we did this quarter where we were up to $4 billion and continuing to grow ROE is very important. And that's one of the reasons why when we introduced our six aspirational goals to our team that we were very clear that providing the best long-term returns to our shareholders and the industry is one of our goals. And we are going to achieve that goal. 
Tim Sloan: Oh, absolutely. I think that's really been fundamental to the changes that we've been executing on in the last year. We are very clear about the fact that one of the reasons that we had some issues in our retail banking business is because of how we were organized. So we've centralized all of our control functions whether its compliance or HR, finance, you name it. And so we've got a better check in balance than we did before. That's number one. Two, we've been very focused on reinforcing to the entire team that if there is something they are concerned about, go ahead and raise your hand and escalate it and so that's working too. And then within our centralized risk functions we are also -- we've also created a conduct office and within that we are assembling data to John's point about the investment we are making at data. So that we are using data better to triangulate into any area that we are concerned about. You take call to an FX line or attrition or complaints or whatever, you put that altogether and then you can more quickly look at something and say, hey, we got an issue, we don't. The good news is we are making lots of progress but absolutely right. I mean we have fundamentally changed this organization. We fundamentally changed it for the better and we are seeing that everyday. Now, sometimes in seeing that it means that we find something. We are going to be very transparent about it because that's what we promised you to do. 
Tim Sloan: Large corporate was down, I don't have the specific number in front of me but it was down a bit. I would say was probably in line with what I have seen from some of our competitors. It was just a little bit decline or low in some of the larger transactional activity. But we called out these specific areas that were the primary drivers. Everything else was relatively small and we also called out the impact in terms of the commercial real estate.
Tim Sloan: We haven't exactly send a budget for next year yet but look our assumption is that we are going -- and belief is that we are going to be able to grow our commercial loans as we have year-over-year-over-year, I mean we had some impact us so far in the last couple of quarters. But I wouldn't describe that as the primary driver for what's going to happen from the efficiency standpoint because we've got a consumer loan portfolio and we've got revenues coming from our fees and like. So it's a little bit more complicated than that in terms of the driver or the efficiency. But again our goal is to get down to a 59% level sometime next year. So I am sure we'll be talking about that again. 
Tim Sloan: Thank you. Listen, I really appreciate everybody's time this morning. I know it's been a busy morning for all of you. Just want to reemphasis that over the past years we've made a number of fundamental changes to our business model, to structure the organization which I was just mentioning and to a number of our performance management programs to ensure that we are focusing on our customers and focusing on their financial needs. Again, I want to thank the hard work and effort of our 268,000 team members for their focus and resiliency in meeting those customers' need. We are seeking every opportunity to identify and fix any issues that we have with the company. And make sure they are done correctly. As I mentioned, we've seen a very strong progress in addressing those issues and also rebuilding trust with all of stakeholders including all of you. And while we understand there is more work to do, I am confident that we are absolutely on the right path as we continue to build a better, stronger Wells Fargo. So again thank you very much for your time. Have a good day. 
Marty Mosby: Thanks for taking the question. Hey, what I want to focus on is your deposit beta has been higher than the peer which is a normal compared to your history. And that is really been I think reflective of you wanting to especially with corporate and wealth management customers not giving any other reasons in this period to work anywhere else. So you have been defensive in your deposit pricing which is not been the case in the past you have been much more offensive and aggressive being able to hold back those deposits. When you look at your assets structure because of the duration that would have had you to assume on your deposit side over time, you would have extended your asset. So what you are kind of getting is a fundamental shift into deposit beta which doesn’t reflect on your asset side so you got almost a mismatch and I am just wondering if that's the way to kind of think about this and is this how and why we are not seeing the margin expansion that we are seeing in some other banks. 
Marty Mosby: Now I thinking that might be temporary in the sense that you used to be able to most aggressive lagger which helped you to be able to expand when everybody else was expanding but also maintain a higher margin because you had extended the duration on your assets prudently so that defended your margin in a decline rate environment but takes away a little bit of the punch in the way up that you used to be able to make by just being half of what everybody else did in deposit increases. Then my last question was if you look at fee income, you've seen disruption of activities related to these hurricanes and other things that have go on in the last couple of months. Do you feel like -- we've seen what you have allocated on the loan loss reserve, but hasn't it also probably impacted some of your fee income in the third quarter. 
Marty Mosby: No, I think that's right. And this was say it's kind of hidden impact there was no way to put your finger on but it is kind of underneath a numbers as you kind of look at and it will rebound quickly but thanks. 
