Tim Sloan: Sure. Betsy. That's a really good question. You saw us in the third and fourth quarter in particular make a number of decisions where we raised the liquidity in a number of ways to try to anticipate where the domestic LCR would ultimately land. I think the problem that I have got in terms of or a challenge we have in terms of giving a specific answer to the question is we don't know what the final rules look like yet. But rest assured that we think we have adequate liquidity to operate the company and we don't anticipate whatever the final rules are, that it's going to have a material impact on the company.
Tim Sloan: I wouldn't necessarily equate it to net interest margin. Clearly the impact of our liquidity build this quarter was much less than in the fourth quarter in particular but again it's going to be a function of what the final rules look like and those are in flux right now. But again, I don't believe it's going to have a material impact on the net income of the operations in the company.
Tim Sloan: Sure. I will jump in and then John may want to follow-up. The first thing is that when you look at our mortgage business, it was it was profitable, both on an origination and the servicing side which we are very pleased with. Mortgage is an important business for Wells Fargo. We have been in it for decades. We have been through cycles. Our mortgage team is poised and ready to take advantage of a stronger selling season. You can see that we entered the quarter with a slightly increased portfolio and pipeline, which we are very excited about but again, when you look at the fundamental drivers of the mortgage business and that is, rate still historically are very low, the affordability index is very attractive and consumer debt is coming down as well as employment continues to increase. So we are optimistic. I don't know what the size of the market will be but I know that our mortgage team is poised and ready to take advantage of opportunities. John, I don't know if you are going to --
Tim Sloan: No. We are adjusting. It's a big business and we are always looking at how to get more efficient, of course and making sure that we have the right number of team members but we are ready for whatever comes and if its not as good, we will make adjustments. If its better, we will make adjustments that way. We have been nimble on our feet for decades in that business.
Tim Sloan: Sure. The good news is that the first call in cash department is always for loan growth and you saw good loan growth year-over-year and on a sequential quarter basis. So we were very excited about that. But you are right. Rates have been pretty volatile this quarter. There have been times during the quarter, when they were more attractive from our perspective and we did accelerate some of investments. Most of the purchases that we made in the quarter, which were about $13 billion on a gross basis, were in the held-to-maturity category and we have specifically purchased some more treasuries. Every quarter has a little bit different complexion. You have seen us be more aggressive and you saw us be more aggressive, for example, in the third and fourth quarters of last year. We will continue to invest our excess liquidity in a very appropriate way but you are right, rates are little bit lower than that we find attractive today.
Tim Sloan: Well, the variable income, particularly related to PCI resolutions was, I would say, above average in the fourth quarter. This quarter, if there is such an average for a volatile item, which is hard to work, to be honest, is a little bit of a challenge but I would say this quarter is a little bit more typical than what we have seen in other items in the variable category like loan fees and resolutions and things like that. But the fourth quarter was just a little bit higher and this feels a little bit more typical.
Tim Sloan: Sure. Again, it's similar to the LCR question and that is, we don't know what the final rules look like yet. We are hearing the same things that you probably are, that its going to be based on the required level of Tier 1 common equity here in the U.S. and then some sort of metric that is going to be reflective of risk in the underlying companies. I mean, the good news is that our business model is a little bit less risky than others and that I think should benefit us. Based upon what we are hearing, we don't anticipate any significant changes in the level of our long-term debt but having said that, I don't know what the final rules are going to be. My understanding is that they could be released sometime this quarter, could be next quarter. We will adjust. I wouldn't anticipate it having a material impact on the operations of the company.
Tim Sloan: Moshe, I don't think there would be any difference in how we review internet-based deposits versus more traditional deposits. Deposits are going to be viewed as deposits. And as John mentioned, it's not a business that we can buy. Clearly we have adequate capital to run our business and excess capital, which we primarily want to return to our shareholders. So we have the capacity to do a relatively large acquisition. However, our focus is going to continue to be on running the business. As John said, we don't really need to do an acquisition to continue to grow. If you look at some of the sizes of the acquisitions that we have done over the last few years, the largest have been portfolio acquisitions. I think the largest was $4 billion, $4.5 billion. So we can clearly do something of that size and really not miss a beat. Could we do something a little bit larger than that? Sure we could but as you know, we are pretty discriminating in terms of what we want to acquire. So I wouldn't anticipate us making any big splash in the near future.
Tim Sloan: I think it's a fair point. We are not overly concerned about, though obviously we have got to be cognitive of our competition and the reason for that is, we have the best distribution in the entire market. We have number one market share. We have a very experienced team. We have got over 6,200 stores, retail locations plus additional mortgage offices and I don't think anybody is better positioned to take advantage of business and we view it as a core business. We are growing this business. We want to continue to grow the business. We are not concerned about that. So we are going to have competition. We have non-bank competition in every one of our businesses. John, I don't know if you want to --
Tim Sloan: Well, they were down. The way that I would think about it, Joe, is that we have been responding to the decline in the refinance activity and we started to do that in the summer and throughout the fall and through the winter. We think we are appropriately staffed right now to take advantage of the spring selling season. And so there will be a little bit of a reduction in terms of the base level of expense because of the changes or the decisions that we made in the first quarter in terms of the number of people, when you think about the second quarter. But we are hopeful, candidly, that the expenses rise in the mortgage business in the second quarter because that's going to be reflective of the fact that originations are up and there will be more incentive-based compensation.
Tim Sloan: The pipelines look good. I think we were really pleased. In the first quarter, $1 billion plus growth on a net basis and $7 billion in the first quarter, that's a really good first quarter, number one, just on an absolute number. The other thing that was exciting from our perspective is how broad-based it was. It wasn't just in any one specific business. It was in our commercial and wholesale businesses. It was in many of our consumer lending businesses and it was in the relationships we have in the wealth, brokerage and retirement business. So it was very broad-based. So we are optimistic about continued loan growth. I don't know what the number is going to be but none of our businesses are saying that they don't think they can grow loans for the rest of the year.
Tim Sloan: Yes, it’s a fair point. When you look at that page, you see that our servicing fees were over $1 billion, which was terrific. Now you can look back and see that phenomena in the second quarter of last year too but it's primarily driven by the point you just made Chris and that is that the quality of the portfolios is better and that's a good thing but it's primarily a lack of late charges and special servicing fees and the like.
Tim Sloan: Chris, candidly, I didn't appreciate the math that you just described that it's been about 10 basis points a quarter but it has been. It's been accidental more than anything. It's really a function of the underlying improvement in the portfolio. I think that that ratio will continue to improve. I don’t know where, we don't know where it's going to land. It's going to be a function of the performance of the portfolio but it's definitely going to go down.
Tim Sloan: Well, Brian, it’s a good question. The whole topic is a little bit complicated, primarily because we have had a number of rule changes and rule interpretations by the entire industry, number one. If you recall in the third quarter, we did reduce our RWA and we called out some specific items in the third quarter to reduce our risk-weighted assets but I think the trend in terms of being different than just a basic math that you just described, it's more likely that it's going to closer to the basic math than you just described than not. Candidly it will continue to be a function of the underlying risk within the portfolio. That is the primary driver. If we can continue to improve credit quality, continue to improve market risk, continue to improve operational risk, those will be the big drivers because that's what the new methodology is based upon.
Tim Sloan: I don't think it is going to fundamentally shift how we think about gathering deposits. And John, you may have a different view but I mean, anytime we can bring in and broaden a relationship with one of our retail or commercial customers, we want to do that. We want their deposits. What we don't like is our wholesale deposits in the more traditional defined sense or hot money, things like that. We are looking for long-term relationships but even in the most extreme interpretation of the new rules, we still want to grow our commercial deposits. And again that's because we have such a large deposit base. We are not overly concerned about the impact in terms of how it affects the LCR but we will know what the rules look like and the impact, I am sure, later this year.
Tim Sloan: We continue to be optimistic about the growth in our investment banking business and the reason for that is that most of the business that we are doing in investment banking is with existing Wells Fargo customers who already have a relationship across the board. So because we haven't penetrated those customers as much as we would like, we still think that there is a lot of opportunity there. The market share is a result of focusing on customers and clients as opposed to trying to get to a specific market share number but you are right. We understand that that business can be a little bit volatile. We were down a bit this quarter. I am hopeful we will be up in the second quarter and the third quarter but as long as we focus on our clients and on the overall relationship, particularly those that are already, we have got a good chance to continue to grow the business.
Tim Sloan: Sure. The expectation is, it's likely the tax rate is going to go up. I would love to be able to tell you that we could have that kind of tax benefit every quarter but I sure wouldn't plan on it. I think it's more likely that the tax rate for the rest of the quarter, which obviously is going to be very dependent on how much money we earn and we are looking forward to growing revenues and growing income over time but I think it's more likely that that tax rate is going to be in the low 30s.
Tim Sloan: Well, Mike, I would love to take credit for 17 quarters of consecutive earnings growth but there's another 264,999 people around here that really get the credit for it. It's not about what we do every quarter. Obviously, we are very proud of not only the last 17 quarters but the last five years where we have grown our earnings on a compounded rate of 16%. So the trend has gone on for a long period of time but every quarter is a little bit different and the second quarter is going to have a different complexion than the first and the fourth and the third of last year but we continue to be optimistic, Mike.
Tim Sloan: We continue our goal of improving the efficiency of the company. We provided a range of 55% to 59% a couple of years ago and we haven't gotten to the 55% level. That's clearly a goal that we would like to achieve sometime. We think the improvement that we have made year-over-year and on a sequential quarter basis to get back to 57.9% has been very good. But I am hopeful that the primary reason that the dollar expenses could continue to grow in the company is because revenue is going to grow. That's a good thing and that's why we focus on efficiency. So there's still a lot of opportunity in terms of becoming more efficient at Wells Fargo. We are not done yet.
Tim Sloan: Sure. There's not really any one key efficiency project, Mike. We are a large company. We have lots of different businesses and each business is focused on improving efficiency but for example, we are focused on the amount of space that we have. We have done a great job in terms of reducing the amount of square footage we have in the company but the fact of the matter is our people, our team members are working differently than they did 10 years ago and five years ago. They are spending more time with customers and less time in the office. So we have an opportunity to reduce occupancy cost and reduce our square footage over time. That would be an example.
Tim Sloan: Matt, we didn't and we are still working through that calculation but just assume that at the parent company level, we are comfortably above 7%. So it's really not an issue for us.
Tim Sloan: Matt, I wish that was the case. The business is very competitive across the board today. We expected that all of our competitors are going to adjust to whatever the new rules are. We have candidly been doing that since 2009 but it's a competitive market out there and hopefully for whatever reason, we can continue to grow.
Tim Sloan: No. Not beyond the seasonal items in the first quarter but again I want to emphasize that you should expect some increases in other line items within expenses in the second quarter that I called out but nothing in the quarter that was lumpy from an expense standpoint other than the seasonal compensation related items.
Tim Sloan: Yes, Matt, we will know for sure in about 90 days and I just don't know what the exact dollar expenses will be but one of the reasons why I called out some of the categories is reducing some of those categories are going to rise relative to their first quarter numbers. But again a lot of our expenses are driven off revenue. If revenues are higher in the second quarter and that's the reason that expenses are up, I think, we will all be very, very happy.
Tim Sloan: Well, Marty, you are absolutely correct. Our servicing income is up significantly over the past few years or the past few quarters as you can see. The drivers are primarily the fact that the underlying quality of the portfolio continues to improve. So there is less adjustments that we need to take to the value for things like foreclosure cost to make any changes related to the consent order or servicing settlement and so on and so forth. In terms of the hedge, I wouldn't think about it as kind of a macro hedge. It's a very complicated set of hedging activities that we need to do. We have got a large group of people that does it. They are very experienced but as we have talked about in the past, we are not trying to make any sort of macro bets from an interest rate standpoint or in terms of a market standpoint. We are just trying to generate a predictable set of earnings from an underlying business that we like a lot. It was very beneficial when we went through the refinancing boom and we believe can continue to provide good earnings. You are absolutely correct that it's a larger portion of earnings than maybe the origination side but my guess is that's going to change from quarter-to-quarter depending upon origination volume.
Tim Sloan: Well, I am sorry. Yes, you are right. But again, I think sometimes folks think that somehow the servicing business is a natural hedge to origination volume and given what we have seen over the last year or so, given the size of the refinance opportunity, we can see that really wasn't the case.
Tim Sloan: Well, you are absolutely correct that rates are a driver. We have seen a lot of volatility in rates for certain but again rates are the primary driver, also just underlying prepayment fees that we are seeing for other reasons in terms of how quickly folks are selling their homes and moving elsewhere but our best guess is that we could continue to see some benefit from the servicing portfolio.
Tim Sloan: Well, it's a reflection of the fact that our loan commitments grew which is a good thing but also we just adjusted some of our estimates and I wouldn't anticipate that that would repeat itself on a quarterly basis.
Tim Sloan: You know what, I don't have the percentage off the top of my head, Nancy. I think what you saw is that we continued to build reserves throughout 2009 and I am trying to remember what quarter we stopped building reserves. I thought it was through most of 2009 but I would say it's a reflection of clearly improved credit quality in the underlying portfolio that we inherited from Wachovia as well as the Wells portfolio but I don't know what the percentage is just related to that because today it's really all mixed. We don't really think about it that way.
Tim Sloan: But Nancy, again, just to reinforce John's last comment and I should have mentioned it, most of the improvement that we saw in the Wachovia portfolio, was really in what you see in PCI and the detail we provide there as opposed to in the loan loss reserve.
Tim Sloan: Well, Nancy I worked for Dave for about 20 years and he absolutely was a terrific judge of credit quality. I think if Dave was on the phone, he would also say that there were hundreds if not thousands of people that there were behind him in wholesale banking that helped in that. So there's no question that Dave's retirement is something that we weren't looking forward to. But we have a great team here and I would not read into his retirement as him saying from here on in credit quality is going to significantly deteriorate at Wells Fargo. In fact, I think it's more likely that it's going to continue to improve. Now the likelihood in the commercial portfolio that we are going to continue to have quarters of recovery as opposed to loan losses, that's not going to happen forever. But the fact of the matter is that culture really matters and the culture that we have in the wholesale banking group in terms of making good credit decisions is going to continue on, because that's what Dave was very good at instilling in thousands of people within the wholesale banking group.
Tim Sloan: It was a source of some of the gains, Nancy, but it was really across the board. We had, as I mentioned, about the same resolutions, I would say about half were in technology-related, the other half weren't. And we are very pleased with the gains that we had this quarter but as you can appreciate that you can't count on those at the same level every quarter. I wish we could but this is a very buoyant time in the equity markets, both public and private, notwithstanding some of the market volatility over the last couple of days and we have got good management teams. As you said, we have been in the business for a long time. So we continue to be optimistic about the long-term success of those businesses but quarter-to-quarter, it's going to be what's it's going to be.
Tim Sloan: Yes, sure. It's a good question. Again if you step back and think about the time at which, in the cycle that our market share was so high, arguably two times, maybe a little bit less than that, it was because the primary source of mortgage origination volume depending upon the quarter could have been two-thirds of volume or three quarters of volume or even more in some quarters was refinance volume. So that's reflective of the fact that we are the largest servicer. We had the highest-quality servicing portfolio and generally those customers gave us the first call and we were able to meet their needs by refinancing that mortgage. We had indicated that we thought that as the refinancing volume declined and as the mix changed to more of a purchase money market, our market share would go down. So that was absolutely anticipated but we don't think of the business as a market share business. We think about it as how do we solve the needs of our customers. Do we have the right number of people in the right places? As John mentioned, we got the best distribution system in the market and so we are optimistic about being able to grow. Whether that means we will grow market share? I don't know but we are optimistic about growth in the business.
Tim Sloan: No. Our loan growth was primarily, on a gross basis for the quarter was about $7 billion point-to-point. The growth in non-conforming mortgages on a gross basis, which would be the jumbo category, was about $5.8 billion.
Tim Sloan: Hopefully it will continue to go up. I think that one of the areas that we indicated a couple of years ago at our Investor Day was a real effort on the part of our team in the wealth area as well as in our retail banking area to coordinate more on those opportunities and they have done just a terrific job. So we are hopeful with the improvement in the weather and the spring selling season that we will continue to see that grow over time.
Tim Sloan: Really good question. I don't believe that the industry, set us aside for a minute, the industry has necessarily adjusted yet because their capital rules have just been finalized. The leverage rules, for example, are relatively new and we haven't seen the final liquidity rules. I am sure there will be some adjustments, just like there's been adjustments to all the other new rules and regulations that we have post-crisis. So I think it's more in the future than in the past.
Tim Sloan: Well, there's no question that post-crisis, given a lot of the regulatory changes created opportunities for unregulated or differently regulated institutions and that's been the case for as long as I have been in the lending business and been with the bank. I think the important point to make is that generally though those firms frequently are very good are monoline firms and that is they have one product they can provide credit. How we differentiate ourselves is that we have relationships and that we can provide tens of products or more and broaden that relationship. So we don't find ourselves losing a lot of business to non-banks. I also think that generally the competitive environment is a little bit more rational than it would be today. But again, we have a real advantage when we compete against a monoline product provider versus our relationship-focused and cross-sell orientation.
Tim Sloan: No. There wasn't necessarily a big change in mix. That's one of the reasons why we have provided a range beginning in the third quarter of last year. I think there was a concern in the market that as volume went down that gain on sale margins would go down significantly. We think that the range that we have provided plus or minus 1.5% is a reasonable range to operate in but comparing any quarter, 5 to 10 to even 15 basis point level of volatility is not uncommon at all.
Tim Sloan: It could, but again, because it's a more complicated calculation right now because you have got the impact of market risk, you have got the impact of operational risk and candidly, the operational risk calculations for the regulators as well as the entire industry continues to be a work in progress and influx. I wouldn't want to jump to a conclusion that just underlying credit quality only would be the sole driver of improvement in RWA.
Tim Sloan: Well, it could and, to your point, that's what you have seen over the last three quarters. We went from a $900 million release in the third quarter to $600 million last quarter to $500 million this quarter. I don't know what the release is going to be in the second quarter. We do believe we are going to have a release but it's a fair point. I mean, this is not going to go on forever but the fact of the matter is the portfolio continues to improve.
John Stumpf: Sure. Yes. I would just add a couple of things to that. We are optimistic. Housing continues to improve. I don't think we will see the percentage increases in values this year that we saw last year but we believe it to be positive. I don't know if this is going to be in the 4% or 5%, which is kind of the consensus but as I travel around the country, there is a lot of enthusiasm about housing. And just because of the mortgage, you know, who knows where the mortgage market will be, there is frankly a lot more cash buyers today, to be honest about it. So housing is better and a bigger share of our origination, say, are purchase money, which is actually a healthy place to be and when you think of the sales force, the team that we have and all referrals coming out of our store channels and other places, this really plays to our wheelhouse. So we are excited about it and weather did have some impact but we are excited about the selling season.
John Stumpf: So Erika, the way that I would describe it is that and think about it and step back for a second, we returned $11.4 billion to our shareholders last year. We are going to return more than that this year. In terms of the specifics of how that's going to play out on any given day, in a month or within a quarter, we don't have a specific plan in place that we are going to execute but we would tell you that we think our shares are on sale every day and we are going to repurchase more shares this year than we did last year and you are going to see that share count go down in the second quarter, in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter.
John Stumpf: And the reason we can do that is because the earnings of the company. So just think about it. And that's the fundamental driver here.
John Stumpf: Sure. We don't need to do anything. That's the beauty here but we are always looking at things in an opportunistic way. The biggest capital required acquisitions or the ones that use the most capital are deposit businesses. We are, of course, at a level now where we are ready at the capital overhead. So the things that we look at are, is there a way to enhance wealth brokerage retirement possibly and that would be interesting to us. Portfolio purchases. We announced something with Dillard's recently. So these are the kind of things that we like doing. We like the card business. What were doing, if there can be an add here or there. So I would think of it as bolt-on businesses and not think of it in the way of transformational but again, if we don't do anything that's also fine.
John Stumpf: John, that's correct. So from the first quarter starting point, we believe that we are going to grow net interest income throughout the year, similar to what we did last year. The impact of a couple of days was somewhere in the $120 million to $130 million range for the quarter.
John Stumpf: I would say, John, it's predominantly but not completely consumer driven. You have seen and its just a reflection of the fact that the underlying credit quality of the company continues to improve. When you think about the quality of the loans that we have originated post-crisis, the loan losses, credit quality are very, very good. And so our expectation is that while our loan loss reserve release was down this quarter from the prior quarter and from the prior quarter before that, we do anticipate future releases but its primarily consumer driven.
John Stumpf: Yes, let me just make sure we are all on the same page here. Tim's absolutely right. Our best opportunity to increase shareholder value is run our existing businesses even better. We have huge opportunity. We have this diversified business model, this culture. 97% of revenues are here in the U.S. It's still a very fragmented market. This is where the opportunity is and we don't need to do anything. If we do, it would be clearly accretive and it would look opportunistic to you and to us but our focus on running the business.
John Stumpf: Sure half of the U.S. population and half of the businesses in America reside within two miles one of our stores. Just think of that. And while people, a lot of times join us online, they pick the location, they pick the provider that they are familiar with or that's close by them because they still use the store even for the millennials who are very technologically advanced and savvy. So this is really a very important part of what we are doing.
John Stumpf: So we don't know focus necessary just on share for share's sake. We focus on adding value and meeting the needs of our customers.
John Stumpf: Brian, Tim is absolutely right. We just love deposits when they are part of a primary relationship and we like them. At times when some were asking us why you are growing deposits because you can't utilize them. And we said, it's good for long-term shareholder value. We have a fixed infrastructure and the more customers we can serve with that fixed infrastructure, magic happens. Not always every quarter and sure we are all looking for earning assets but I will take all the deposits we can get that are part of a primary relationship and we cross-sell off that and it's a major driver in customer loyalty. So it's a big emphasis here for us.
John Stumpf: Let me take a shot at that. You are right. What you typically see, Ken, is when loan start to grow the customers tend to use their own cash first. So there is some of that going on but there's a lot of liquidity in the system. People are saving more. Americans save more now than they did in the last decade or two. And frankly, our the health of our retail delivery system, when I say the health, I mean the online and the stores and the ATMs and the mobile and phone, all of those working together as an omni-channel, is a very compelling value proposition for businesses and consumers and we are getting a disproportionate share. And we just love that. And I will also say this. Our deposit franchise is probably undervalued today given where absolute rates are and that will change over time. The other thing that's happened is we probably have a better set of competitors today than we have had. More rational competitors as in the past. So it's a combination of a lot of things and we are expecting to continue to see strong growth. When I look back at five years ago, when we merged with Wachovia, if you would exclude CDs, we had about $650 billion of deposits. Today if you exclude CDs, we are about at $1.50 trillion. We grew $400 billion dollars in five years.
John Stumpf: Mike, something else you could think about is that we still have a number of loss mitigation folks as we are still working with elevated foreclosure and those kinds of issues but on the other hand then we are investing more in operational risk and compliance and those sort of things. So you are right. We are at the higher-end of that range but on the other hand as you know that's a ratio. It's a numerator expenses divided by revenue and we have seen revenue because of interest rates on the margin revenues while we have been able to grow NII. The margin is not at an all-time high. So as that improves that will also give you some lift but whatever we do here we will be very careful about what we spend money on but never at the expense of the long-term but we are focused on it. That's a good point you bring up.
John Stumpf: Actually, that's actually a good thing. Think of revenues down and we actually improve the efficiency ratio but there is opportunity and yes, you are right, we will talk more about that.
John Stumpf: Well, I am glad you asked and I was going to give you that information. I am 60. I know you think I look a lot younger but I plan to stay here as the Board is okay with that and they want me through my 65th birthday and we have got great people here. We have a terrific team of leaders and you know some of them. I wish you could know more. For those of you who come to our investor conference next month you will get to meet more of them. Please come. That's one of the reasons we love to show you more of them. But this is a great team and I couldn't be more confident. In fact I think it's the best team in the industry. And one thing, even though, and Dave has been such a great leader, even with his leaving, the average tenure of my tenure is still around 28 years with this company.
John Stumpf: Yes, I don't think any of us look to the future and say let's hold revenues flat. We think we are a growth company.
John Stumpf: But Nancy, you are right to this extent. The Wachovia portfolio turned out to be better than we had thought and if you just look at how much we have moved from, on the PCI side into the accretable from the non-accretable, and we especially did a lot better on the Pick-a-Pay. We just had a terrific team that attacked that early on but credit turned out, I think partly because of things that we did. It turned out to be quite a lot better.
John Stumpf: And I can tell you my perspective and while I have not had that much time with Dave, I have only had 16 years with him. He is retiring. He has a fabulous family including grandchildren. He has a lot of other interests and he just felt it was right for him and while we are sad to see him go, we celebrate with him his next stage and as Tim mentioned, his legacy are the thousands of people that he has led that are in leadership roles right now that continue to propel this business forward.
John Stumpf: Jessica, the other thing you should think about is that the 16% or whatever that number is 16% or 17%, part of it is in aggregation business where we do correspondent banking business and which we love that business but it's a lower margin business and part of it is a retail business where we actually originate the loan through one of our home mortgage consultants. Some of the correspondent business is going directly to Fannie and Freddie. So that business is actually changing a bit. So when you look even at the time when we had maybe double that share, you have to look at both sides of that and while I focus on all of it, it's also important to make that distinguishment.
John Stumpf: The one's we put on portfolio are very small part of the originations. It's less than 5% or so. So there's opportunity there.
John Stumpf: We really all of our businesses. In fact, we think there's growth opportunity but a couple of them jump out wealth, brokerage, retirement. You saw that we are at 41% and I don't think we can do 41% every quarter or every year but that's a huge growth opportunity for us. The card business. We think we have got some exciting things happening there but that doesn't diminish anything else. We have opportunities with what we are doing international because we have more of our U.S. customers doing business there. We have opportunity in our capital markets businesses and even mortgage where you think where people would say, well, geez, you have the number one share. There is huge opportunity there. Half of our customers who call us at our bank who have a mortgage don't do it with us. So there is all kinds of opportunity here.
John Stumpf: All right. Why don't we then conclude. Let me make a couple of comments. First of all, I would like to thank Tim Sloan for the great work he's done as our CFO. As you all know, he's going to take over the Wholesale Bank but Tim, thank you for the great leadership and the work you have done here. You have just been terrific. For those of you who don't know John Shrewsbury, many of you do, you will get to see him, if not before but you will surely see him when you come to our investor conference, remember that was May 20 in San Francisco. We look forward to seeing you. It's always an exciting time for us to talk about our business and share with you the enthusiasm and some of the great people that we have. So thank you very much for your interest in Wells Fargo and we will talk to you next quarter and the investor conference earlier than that. Thank you.
