Charlie Scharf: Hey, Betsy. It's Charlie. Thanks for the question. I would say -- I referred in the remarks, it's gross reduction. It's real. It will be there. We'll see it next year. But, we're still continuing to go through our plans for next year, and we're looking at all of the investments that are necessary, both on the control side as well as the investment side. And so, it's too early to be definitive about what the net numbers look like at this point. But, as I said last quarter, we want to show progress. And progress is a combination of taking actions on the growth side but also showing something on the net side. But, I think the right thing at this point is to give you a much clearer guidance on next quarter's call, after we finish our budget work and after Mike gets to review the work himself.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. I mean, I would say, when we look at our business and put the trajectory of NII to the side for a second because of the low rate environment, just talking about building franchise and the opportunities that present itself, I think when you look at -- let's go business by business quickly. When you look at our consumer and small business banking franchise, we've been on the defensive now for a very long time, appropriately so, given the issues and problems that we had. A tremendous amount of work has been done by all the folks leading those businesses. Our franchise is still extraordinarily strong. And you see it, by the way, even in just the deposit growth that we've had in that segment, which says an awful lot about the -- about what our customers think of us. But while we had been investing in some of the digital capabilities, which you do see the marketplace tremendous opportunities to grow with the affluent customer base, at the other end, we've rolled out a product for those that are far less affluent, which is very competitive and getting real traction. And so, I just -- I think in the consumer and small business space, the opportunities are significant. In the consumer lending space, the mortgage business, the demand is greater than our ability to process at this point still, and that's still where we sit today. We have opportunities in the card space to leverage the customer base that we have, staying with our -- within our risk framework, the way we've defined it. We're just doing a better job at delivering card and other payments products. The commercial bank, I think, is an extraordinary franchise. And both things that we do on a standalone basis there as well as things we do in partnership with the products we have in the corporate investment bank are still huge opportunities for us. Our Wealth and Investment Management space, the wealth business, we’re one of the few that have this sizable franchise in a space that we love. We've made progress at having the business work together across our private bank and across our brokerage business. But, we're just getting started there. And I think, the opportunities, even with the very strong performance we've had this quarter, are still extremely strong. And then lastly, in the corporate investment banking space, again, I would have said as an outsider that Wells had been very, very smart at building the business in where it has traditional strength in serving customers, and that's the path that we'll continue to be on. So, when I look at all these businesses, I feel very good about our ability to grow the franchise. And it's a question now of timing and prioritization.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. I mean, I think -- so I mean, we're very actively looking at not below those five businesses that I just described. We're very actively looking at all of the portfolios and all the businesses below that. And we're going to continue to exit some things, which aren't core to the U.S. banking franchise that we are. Not that U.S. only, but supporting the core customer base that we have. And so,, I would expect over the next couple of quarters, we will create some room on the balance sheet by exiting some things that aren't core.
Charlie Scharf: I do want to just -- I just want to be clear. We're exiting them because they aren't core to serving our core customer base on a consumer and large corporate side. We're not exiting them because of the Asset Cap. I think that will help.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Well, I think, you said it very well, Matt. I appreciate what you said, which is that there's no doubt that in terms of the way we'd be thinking about the trajectory of the business and what the opportunities for us over the shorter and early medium term are different today that we're in this COVID environment than not. And so, it's kind of hard to have a meaningful conversation that looks well beyond that when we're far from -- through this. And so, we are very-focused on the things that we need to do in this environment to improve our performance, albeit with an eye towards making sure that we're building the Company for the long term. The regulatory work, as you mentioned, again, I said it in my remarks, I can't stress it enough. It's a gating factor for us to be able to take advantage of all the opportunities that we have in the franchise. We're putting a tremendous amount of time and attention and effort towards this, and understanding exactly what those resources look like and how that impacts the Company is the work that we continue to go through. And as I said, by the time we get to the end of next quarter, we'll give you a look -- a clear look as to what we think that means for 2021. And then, listen, the Asset Cap, I wish there was more to say about it. But, we're focused on controlling what we can control, which is doing the work that's been asked of us, which is totally appropriate. We're in the process of doing that. And there's no doubt that while the Asset Cap exists that we do have a limitation that others don't have. Others have other limitations with different ratios and whatnot. That is one that we have. And so, it is fair to say, we will not be able to extract the full potential out of the franchise until after the Asset Cap has gone. It doesn't mean that we don't have the opportunities to grow from where we are today, and we can talk a little bit about that if you want, but that certainly does factor into our thinking about what the trajectory of the Company looks like in the time frames.
Charlie Scharf: I would expect that we get a -- that we'd be giving you, not just an expense outlook, but an update on how we're thinking about different businesses. And when we talk about the things that belong and don't belong, how that fits. And then, we're also going to be giving you at the end of the quarter when we report not just the quarter but the full year results based upon the segment looks, which will make pretty clear where we stand versus our competition, and we'll be able to talk through what those differences are and how we think about that.
Charlie Scharf: Listen, I think, I mean, what you can look at is you can look at the people that we have in roles today that have dealt with these issues before. And the organization today does in fact look very different than it looked a year ago or even six or nine months ago. And as I've said, when you look at the Fed consent order, it's pretty straightforward in terms of what they're asking for. The environment that they're asking for is the same thing that they've asked all the other big banks for. So, getting the experience inside the Company to actually -- that actually understands exactly what is required of us, I think, is extraordinarily important. And that team is actively working through what's got to be delivered. Again, I wish I could say more, Matt. As I said, it's ultimately the regulators on all of our issues are going to be the ones to determine when it's done to their satisfaction. But again, I could tell you, there's no question in my mind that we have a first class team in place now working on it that's experienced, many that have dealt with these issues before. It has a sense of urgency in the company, which I think is different than what we had in the past. The amount of time and resources that the senior team is spending on this is extraordinary. You'd be shocked at the amount of time because we know we need to do what's required. And beyond that, again, I can't speak for the regulators. So that's what I'd say.
Charlie Scharf: I think, it was -- between now and then, we'll figure out exactly what we're going to give you. What I said was that we will give you a clear outlook as to what to expect for expenses for 2021 at the end of the quarter. We also said that you'll be seeing the disclosure of our segments broken out differently and much more comparable to what others report. And so, you'll be able to see the gaps between our efficiency ratio by business and others. And just to be clear, what I said at the end of last quarter was all we did is we did the math of the people we compete against and said what's their efficiency ratio, looking at business mix and what's ours, and that's the difference. And so, I assume you all do those calculations as well. We're acknowledging it. And those are the conversations that we have internally to say, is there any reason why our expense base shouldn't look different. So, you'll actually -- so you'll see what those gaps are, and we'll certainly be in a position to talk about the types of things that we will be doing to close the gap, some of which will be in progress and others which would be to come.
Charlie Scharf: And I'll just state the obvious, right, which is that ultimately, the path of the recovery is going to determine the levels of demand that are out there. And you can -- while we were -- try to be very careful in our remarks about when it comes to credit, saying that it's too early to draw any conclusions, at the same time, as you look forward, as you get into next year, there will be a vaccine, there will be therapeutics. The world will continue to open, and everyone is learning how to do it safely, even in today's environment. And ultimately, that's what's going to drive business activity and demand, and that happens will be the beneficiary.
Charlie Scharf: Well, I think three things, Saul. By the way, I completely appreciate the line of questioning. And so the fact that it's being asked a bunch, I completely understand. We have a couple of things that we need to get through. We need to finish all of our internal work to understand what it takes to actually build the actions around becoming more effective and efficient at running the Company. At the same time, we're continuing to invest to both build out the Company and to do the regulatory and risk work that has to get done. There's no doubt that the environment that we're in today gives us pause in terms of committing to anything on a longer-term basis because then we'll show you a number, and then you're going to say, what's the timing. And obviously, it's very highly dependent on what the world looks like because of COVID, the Asset Cap because that obviously does impact our ability to grow the balance sheet and offset some of the NII reduction, which ultimately impacts the efficiency ratio. And so, as we get more clarity around what those things look like, we will provide more detail. It's just not clear when the right time to do that is, but we'll tell you everything we know when we know it.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Saul, I guess, I'll start. And John, you can add. I would say, when we look at the customer remediation accruals for both, this quarter and last quarter, they are very -- they're very discrete items where we went through all of the items that we have in our customer remediation queue, of which everything material is -- relates to prior practices that have been around for a period of time. We're working really hard to put these behind us, and put these behind us means determine exactly what we're going to do for remediation, work with our regulators where necessary to make sure that they understand what that means. And what we did over the past couple of quarters is to try and go through the entire inventory to ensure that we were current and realistic about what our actions are and what we're going to do to move these on. And so, we've done that. I wish it would have taken one quarter as opposed to two, but it took two. And not that there won't be anything going forward, but we don't see anything that looks at all materiality of the types of things that we've done. And so, we think it's -- those things are booked. It's in a good place, and we're just doing the work to implement them now.
Charlie Scharf: So, in terms of how we think about the opportunity and also how factors into the Asset Cap, so just trying to be clear about what I tried to say before, which is we have an Asset Cap that we have to live with, but we do have some room to operate as we sit here today because of the liquidity that we have, because of where the balance sheet is actually running today, because of other actions that we've taken, and as we think about exiting some things that can create some balance sheet room for us. And so, while we don't have the same capacity that others have, we do have capacity to deploy more of our capital towards loans than we've currently deployed.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Without being specific about whether something signed off on by regulators, I'd say that we have a belief that is by the business leadership and everybody around it that we've arrived at the right numbers that make sense for customers, put these issues behind Wells Fargo and shouldn't be met with any disagreement.
Charlie Scharf: There's certainly a possibility of it. I mean, it's a question of what we're generating in loan spread and loan yields in that business have come down. I think there's a belief by the new leadership in that business that there's a much bigger opportunity for securities based lending among other types of lending for wealth customers that we haven't really tapped in the past. So, that's probably going to be margin enhancing. On the core fee generation business, the margin isn't likely to change very much, given the relatively linear connection between revenue and expense.
Charlie Scharf: Again, I think, that's a -- it's a hard question to answer. What I'll say is – so, the regulators are alongside us every single day. They see exactly what we're doing. They see how we're organized. They see whether we've got the right sense of urgency. So, they don't just sit in their offices and wait for us to send them something and then they study it and react. They're there side-by-side with us, and we have extremely active dialogue with them as all the big banks do. And for us, that's a good thing because we want them to see what we're doing, how we're doing it and how it's different than we tackled these issues in the past. My experience has been when we ask them something very specific or whether we -- when we give them something and submit them -- something to them, they're thorough but they're very timely in their response. How that actually plays out with a consent order, again, I don't know. It is -- what we're focused on is doing the work, having them see the progress. And hopefully, the work will be done to our satisfaction and their satisfaction. And we get -- and we'll move forward at the right time.
Charlie Scharf: I think, it depends on whether -- how much work we've done over the multiyear period and having bottoms-up supportable plans that we have the confidence to share where we are in COVID, and ultimately, thinking about the interest rate environment as well, because clearly, as we think about our efficiency ratio, revenue these days has a very meaningful impact. But, as we do our work on expenses, the work -- we're taking actions. You see that in the charge this quarter, and the reserves that we provided for these actions will be taken this year. And so, you'll see the positive impact next year. And so, the actions that we're building are very real. It's a question of when it all comes together in terms of understanding the regulatory piece, the necessary investment piece and the expense cuts. So, again, I think, we just have to take it one quarter a time and understand that people want to see progress on a net basis.
Charlie Scharf: All right. Everyone, thank you very much for the time. We appreciate it, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
John Shrewsberry: They also reflect some strategic decisions that have already been made and allow you to look at the businesses on a heads up basis versus competitors, the way the current leaders are intending to run them going forward. So, there's a lot of information in that.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So, the pieces of it are deposit pricing on the one hand, and that's come down meaningfully as a little bit more to go, but will likely bottom out in the low single digits versus the high single digits where it is today. On the asset side, yes, the softening in C&I loans in particular has been a contributor to things underperforming even recent estimates. And the question of where we go there, both the industry and Wells Fargo will be I think at the margin, the swing factor and what happens for NII and for NIM over the course of the next year or so. And if we forget a little bit of steepening, that would be very helpful. The way we're sort of looking at it, it's possible that we end up flat to down single-digit percentages in NIM, knowing what we know today. As Charlie mentioned, the forecasting process isn't done for next year. And so, there'll be more guidance on that as that comes into clarity. But, those are probably the big drivers. Right now, also on the security side, you mentioned premium am. So, we've got mortgage securities prepaying rapidly. We're replacing 2% yields with, call it, 140 basis-point yields in the current yield, which will bring down the overall book average a little bit too. So, that's in our forecast, but it's a little bit different than the -- or a continuation of what happened in Q3. We expect that premium amortization to continue right into next year.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. Well, it's -- it depends what we choose to do with it in terms of how much we redeploy. But, if you could get the 10-year up toward 100 basis points, it's something like that. We're talking about $1 billion or more of net interest income. Again, it depends on how quickly we redeploy into that, what happens to mortgage yields at the same time, but we are sensitive at the long end of the curve.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. No, I would -- in our own math, we would also consider elevated operating losses to be more infrequent and not part of the run rate. So I get to a lower number on my own. The numbers -- the reported numbers are what they are and should be accounted for. But, as we're thinking about what's run rate and what's not, the elevated levels of operating losses, even though they have occurred now for a couple of quarters in a row, are not anticipated at this level. And restructuring charges -- I'm certain, there will be more, by the way, because that will be evidence that the company is making progress in its plans, but I wouldn't just consider that to be run rate either. So that would get you to a lower number.
John Shrewsberry: That's how I think about it. Yes. That $600 million still seems like a good number. I think, in this quarter, we have $150 million worth of what we consider to be run rate operating losses, fraud, robbery, those standard things that have been in place for a long time. And what's above that is more episodic, and this quarter had much more to do with a closure of legacy types of issues.
John Shrewsberry: I mentioned it could get a little bit softer next year. Remember that we're operating with a with an Asset Cap. That doesn't allow us to expand the size of the balance sheet and earn a little bit of net -- incremental net interest income on these extra deposit balances that we're all gathering. And so, at the margin, that could be a difference maker. There are other things that go into what our level of NII is. But, at the margin, that's a constraint that we have that others don't.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So, it is a gross number, but the impact will be immediate in the run rate because we've accelerated the costs associated with the actions, and those expenses will drop out.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. So, there's a handful of things going on. At the upper end for corporate and institutional borrowers, we're seeing continued utilization of the lines that they have but not a lot of incremental demand for more credit. In the middle market, there's a lot of different stories but they could be summarized to saying that the utilization of existing facilities is down meaningfully below pre-COVID levels. Obviously, we all have the spike in the first part of the year that has abated. But in the middle market, and including asset-based lending, we're seeing lower inventory levels held by customers who would use our financing to fund that inventory. Some of those may be coming back as inventories get rebuilt, some of them may not, but it's, at the margin, that's pulling down balances. And that’s also I'd say on the high end. With the capital markets as wide open as they are, both for high-grade credit as well as for more levered credit, that is replacing the utilization of bank lines by funding those things in the capital markets. And that's the story.
John Shrewsberry: One more thing to add, Saul, what you'll see at the end of the year is that the results as there -- as they reflect 2020 will also show some -- the results of some strategic positions that have already been made. So, that will be helpful at the margin.
John Shrewsberry: And then, in recent years, there has been this kind of range of litigation, but there's been two big pieces of litigation that have contributed to this in a way that's not expected to recur, one being the -- at that point 10-year-old RMBS settlement where we were among the last people to be brought into the settlement process; and then, of course, the sales practices related litigation that was settled earlier this year. And that similarly is not expected to recur. So, I get your point, which is, it’s been elevated for a long time. But, when you disaggregate it and look at what is the run rate in the business, we mentioned that adds up to roughly $600 million a year versus what things are specifically related to what I would describe as legacy issues, that is where the line gets done. But, the proof will be demonstrating [multiple speakers] $600 million or below will be helpful.
John Shrewsberry: It depends on what happens with loan growth. That's a good point. But, that is the full year versus the full year.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. What's contemplated is a continuation of roughly the same level of redeployment, which just requires redeployment, given the rate at which things are prepaying. So, there's a question about how long you want to get in a sub 1% 10-year environment with mortgage yields at these levels in the event of a backup, it's a problem, it's a capital problem, it's an earnings problem versus the trade-off of what happens if rates stay low for a very long time or frankly go lower from here or even go negative and what that means from an earnings power perspective. And so, those discussions, those trade-offs are measured and revisited each time we have an ALCO discussion, given what the forward look is for what could happen to rates and deposit flows and loan demand and other things. So, we have liquidity available for loan demand. We have -- we certainly could redeploy tens of billions of dollars into MBS or probably even more into similar duration treasuries. There's some liquidity difference in the characteristics there. But, I think, as you heard from at least one of our competitors, really loading up at these levels and locking into both, duration and/or negative convexity doesn't seem like a great trade-off. And so, we're faced with those same choices. And right now, we're essentially redeploying to stay at about the same level.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. I guess, let me answer it a couple of ways. First of all, when we take a look at just what happened to the franchise in terms of attrition, I mean, the reality of who we are is we are more of a traditional consumer and commercial bank and some of the other large competitors we compete with. And so, the reduction in NII in those businesses has an outsized impact on us relative to the others because of the business mix. And so, that revenue decline is not franchise loss in terms of what it means to customer relationships. When we look at the individual businesses and how they're performing from a customer franchise in our consumer business, in our middle market business, in our wealth business, as well as the large corporate business, I actually look at and say it's been extraordinarily strong given all this company has been through. When we think about the actions that we're going to take, first of all, for things that we are going to exit, it doesn't either fit with what we do or have the right return characteristics. And so, that is a -- those are a core set of decisions, which when we go through them and you see what they are you'll look and see if that make sense given who Wells Fargo is. And then, the other actions that we're taking are all about improving the franchise. We're not -- and so just to be clear, I tried to say this in my remarks, we're not going around saying, we have to cut x billions of dollars and everyone line up and just do it. It is about what do we have to do to run a better company, so that we can be more efficient internally of getting work done and deliver a better quality product for our customers, business by business. There's a gigantic amount of redundancy in multiple platforms across common products, common processes. Those are the types of things that are going to drive the efficiency of the company, but it will make us a better-run company. And so, we have an extremely heightened antenna when it comes to anything, which impacts the risk work or could hurt the value of the franchise. And in fact, as I said, the conversations around doing everything to help the value of the franchise.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, it is. And it gets split between the commercial business and the corporate business. I know that we're -- the way we're describing it, I think, is -- there's a trade-off between NII for earnings credit rate and fee revenue. So, the way we've described it in the deck is sort of -- is all of the specifics we're putting on it right now. We can talk about breaking it out a little bit more now that we're in a rate environment where we don't have to pay customers through treasury management fees for putting noninterest-bearing deposits with us, but I don't have any more clarity for you right now.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So, a meaningful impact is the quick answer to the second half of your question. I would expect the pace of premium amortization to stay in place throughout 2021, mortgage securities, in part because of the Fed and in part because of the industry's ability to sort of shift and even speed up, take frictions out of the refinancing process, which speeds up prepayments. I think, we're operating at about 35 CPR right now. That isn't going away, whether it's virtual inspections, virtual tours, paperless closings or at least electronic closings, et cetera. It's made it easier and easier for people to refi. And that's going to keep speeding things up. We think we've accounted for that in the way that we measure that risk in different parts of our business. But, I don't think it's going away. And eventually, we'll have a burn out of the -- in the moneyness of the stock of mortgage securities, but there's still a long way to go. I think, we mentioned that our expectation for our Q4, very near term, but our Q4 looks a lot like Q3 in terms of volume and margin. And I think, as Charlie mentioned, we're operating at capacity, and so as much of the industry.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. You can see in the deck what the comparisons have been for the last -- those measurement points. I mean, today, they're basically on top of each other. The question is, what happens to RWA as internal risk ratings change with the passage of time. And so, we expect to be well above our minimums, our own targets, et cetera. It's not really an issue. But if it pops around by tens of basis points or something, I just want people to know that that's just the -- that's the regulatory framework that we're operating in. There's nothing new or different about the credit risks and these loans. It's accounted for in our allowance and -- but this -- we've always been -- we've been a standardized constrained bank since this regulatory regime came into place. And now that might change for a period of time, as we work through the pandemic. But, I don't anticipate it being that meaningful. And it's the same dollars of capital protecting the same book of loans.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. It's flattish. I don't think we have specific guidance, but I wouldn't expect it to move around that much in the quarter.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. They have to have loan growth or a steepening and redeployment. A handful of things would have right for it to be flat. So, that's why -- I think that's a reasonable range of expectation, flat to down mid single digits. And, we'll give more clarity on that as the budget process is complete and we get closer to the beginning of the year. But, those are the drivers.
