Allen Parker: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for today's discussion of our third quarter results. Our earnings included a number of significant items that John Shrewsberry will discuss, but I'll note at the outset that our underlying business fundamentals were strong. That strength was demonstrated by, among other things, increases in loan and deposit balances both from the second quarter and from a year ago, our highest branch customer experience scores in over three years, and continued growth in primary consumer checking customers. As you all know, Charlie Scharf will join Wells Fargo next week as our new CEO and President. I've had the opportunity to spend a great deal of time with Charlie, and I'm convinced that he has the right combination of experience, business savvy, and leadership ability to position Wells Fargo for an even more successful future. I look forward to working with Charlie on a seamless transition as he assumes his responsibilities as CEO, and I return to my role as the company's General Counsel. It's been an honor for me to serve as our Interim CEO and President over the last six months. I am proud that during my time in this role, the company continued to move forward, and we made progress on our top priorities, which include focusing on our customers and team members, meeting the expectations of our regulators, and continuing our company's important transformation. Let me provide just a few examples of our most recent progress. In the area of leadership, we made important hires during the third quarter in Technology, Merchant Services, and Wealth Management. In addition, within Consumer Banking, we named leaders to new roles that will help us better serve our customers. David Kowach, who was most recently the head of Wells Fargo Advisors, assumed a new role as the Head of Community Banking, reporting to Mary Mack. We created this role because we believe that having a single dedicated leader supporting our team members and customers in our branches will significantly further our ongoing transformation. We also formed within Consumer Banking, a new Enterprise Customer Excellence Group that will, over time bring together functions from across the company and give us broader insight into the customer experience. This new group is under the leadership of Andy Rowe, who led Consumer Segments and Consumer Strategy for the last two years. And in the area of innovation and technology, we made several important announcements during the third quarter. Wells Fargo's ongoing commitment to exploring and investing in emerging technologies through the Wells Fargo Startup Accelerator program was demonstrated by our adding two new companies, one focused on augmented reality and the other focused on climate change risk. The total number of companies in that portfolio is now 25. We also announced plans to pilot, next year, Wells Fargo Digital Cash, which is designed to enable us to complete internal booked transfers of cross-border payments running on our first distributed ledger technology platform. This new technology should drive operational efficiencies by providing longer operating windows and real-time processing. Finally, we announced a data exchange agreement with Plaid, a leading data platform. With this agreement, our customers will have greater control over the bank account information they share with Plaid-supported apps, including the ability to turn on or off data sharing through Wells Fargo's Control Tower. I want to conclude my comments this morning by thanking the members of our operating committee, our other senior leaders, and all our team members for their efforts, dedication, and perseverance during the last six months. In particular, I want to thank Doug Edwards for his strong and thoughtful leadership as our Interim General Counsel during this period of transition. We continue to have a lot of work ahead of us, but the unwavering focus of our team members on serving our customers are also working tirelessly to transform Wells Fargo has enabled us to make substantial progress toward our goals over the last six months. Looking forward, I am confident that the extraordinary strings of the Wells Fargo franchise, when combined with our new leadership and our collective commitment to work hard to achieve further improvements will result in a company that is well-positioned to benefit our shareholders and all our other stakeholders. John will now discuss our financial results in more detail.
Allen Parker: Yes, so I think when Charlie arrives, we'll conduct a complete strategic review of where all the businesses stand and where we -- what our opportunities are, et cetera, including a review of how we've been investing on the risk compliance side, et cetera, and then formulate a view going forward. One thing that probably doesn't get enough focus is that a lot of the money and time that we've spent on the risk and control side of things really does enable further innovation. So, the money we spend in technology and data, for example, has huge customer impact down the road. So, there's not an either or necessarily, there's a lot of mutual benefit from running a more controlled environment. But that will be work that we all do together with Charlie after he arrives and then present conclusions at the right time.
Allen Parker: Yes, so on the origination side, it's hard to say what the full quarter gain on sale is, but we do think it'll be in the neighborhood of where it's been recently, it was just, call it, 120 basis points, which was a big tick up and welcome. On the servicing side, well I wouldn't expect there to be any revaluation in the fourth quarter. We think we’ve got that in the third quarter. We -- recall that we are in a flatter curve environment, and so the carry for holding treasuries is a hedge to the MSR. Sometimes, it works for us in a steeper curve environment, and sometimes it's either neutral or works against us when the curve gets flatter. So we shouldn't earn as much on the hedge but we probably wouldn't have the type of valuation items we saw in Q3.
Allen Parker: So we had a couple quarters with small growth and then we shrunk again a little bit this quarter. As I understand it, I think our commitments for construction financing are actually up in the third quarter, which will come through as funded loans. That really is one market where there's late cycle behavior. There's lots of non-bank competitors, there are more non-bank competitors than bank competitors. And so we really have to pick our spots in order to maintain our risk reward, credit and pricing and loan terms quality, and it's also one of those areas where, frankly, your weakest loans end up getting refinanced away from you, which is also late cycle behavior by the way, so we're still very comfortable with what we have on the books, but I wouldn't look for it to grow meaningfully until the cycle turns and until our best customers have really interesting opportunities to put their own capital to work and we help them do it. So I could be wrong, but it feels to me like it's going to be treading water while our best customers either refinance deals that were already in or prudently take advantage of what the market offers them. But I don't see it as an area for outsized growth.
Allen Parker: Sure. There's a couple things that drive that, one is it's a great time to be realizing from both private equity and venture portfolios. And so, our teams have been selling into that and that's where we've been at the high point in the cycle for a while now. So with respect to the second part of your question, I expect that to reflect what kind of private market we're in and if it still is a strong and financing is accommodating it as it is today then I expect that that they'll continue to harvest and things will be good. It's a little bit harder of an environment for them to be putting capital to work because asset prices are so high. The other thing that contributes to is we had a change in accounting a year or so ago which is causing us to recognize unrealized gains where they said there's a subsequent capital raise in a private deal that causes us to have to mark up our position, and it's always been true if one of those companies goes public, but our affiliate still ends up owning shares for a period of time that we write up, we recognize the gain even though we haven't liquidated our position. So that's contributing, that will contribute to some more volatility here because that can only be one way even though it's been a benefit for the last year.
Allen Parker: Yes, I think in general we're reinvesting about 25 basis points down from what has been rolling off, and of course it depends on whether it's agency MBS, which is the bulk of our purchases. We also have some treasuries and agency debentures, and we have some structured products and other things, but on average, I think our purchases in Q3 were just North of a 3% yield and what's been rolling off from a coupon perspective has been high threes from a yield perspective has been not terribly different than 3%. So, in agency MBS in particular, I want to say that we're probably down, gosh, 25 to 25 plus basis points on a reinvestment rate basis.
Allen Parker: No, it'll keep -- the number will keep being refined until we file the Q, which will happen in a couple of weeks. So be on the lookout for that for the latest, which will include everything we know up until that day.
Allen Parker: Vivek, thank you for the question, I guess what I would say is that at this point, there's really not any further information that we can give you with regard to that situation. We have obviously in response to the article that appeared gone back and looked at all our account closure information and we've been working very hard. closely with our regulatory agencies ever since then, we're at the point now where we're coming to some conclusions about what happened, but it would frankly be premature at this point for me to really give you any information in that regard, and we're taking a look at what happened. We're trying to determine the veracity of what was said in the New York Times. And perhaps most important, we're trying to determine whether we ought to make any changes at all with regard to the way that we've been conducting ourselves in that arena. I wish I could be more forthcoming in terms of information, but it's still in progress, and it's been an effort in which we've been engaged very closely with our regulators.
Allen Parker: Yes, the whole process of account closures is complicated in any financial institution because there are situations where people close their accounts voluntarily, whether they call a call center or they walk into a branch, and there are also situations where accounts have to be closed for legal or regulatory reasons, and there are a variety of considerations that go into how that's done, and we're going through very carefully and looking at all those considerations and coming to the conclusion as to the changes, if any, that we ought to make with respect to the way that we've handled ourselves in the past.
Allen Parker: Sure. And while the next one is coming back, the number is $104 billion as of September 30 for the exposure, total exposure to non-bank financials.
Allen Parker: Yes. Thanks. Let me start on that and I'll turn it out to John, I mean our conversation with our regulators are of course confidential supervisory information, but I can say that our engagement with the regulators has been very constructive and we're in constant dialogue with them on a number of fronts. As everybody recalls, several of the regulators made public statements earlier in the year in which they express their disappointment with the progress we've made up until that time. In response to that criticism, which of course we accepted over the last six months, we re-coupled our efforts with regard to trying to satisfy their expectations, and I made clear, I know Charlie will as well that the entire Wells Fargo team must continue to act assertively and decisively to meet the regulators expectations going forward. With regard to the issues raised in the Fed consent order, the feedback that we are getting from the Fed on a constant basis is enabling us to continue to make progress in terms of responding to their expectations. We're a good ways down the road, but I think it's fair to say that we have a substantial amount of additional work to do and of course at the same time we've designed and implemented and we're constantly working -- doing enhance our new risk management framework, and that's fundamentally transforming how we manage risk every day throughout the organization in a way that I would describe as much more comprehensive integrated and consistent, and at the same time, we're enhancing frontline risk, independent risk management and the audit function. So that we can ensure multiple layers of review and better visibility into issues as they emerge, and obviously the goal of all this is to prevent the occurrence of the kinds of issues that we had in the past. And as John alluded to before, we're also emphasizing operational excellence throughout the company. Our biggest focus there is on business process management in an effort to try to deliver greater consistency. So I guess what I will say, and I'll turn it over to John to talk about some of the financial impacts. There is a great deal of work to do to meet the expectations of our regulators. They're appropriately high, but we're committed to completing that work. We're working very hard and we're confident that we'll be able to complete the work in a manner that's timely and just as important up to the highest standards of professionalism and durability going forward.
Allen Parker: Let me close our call by thanking all of you for your questions and for joining our third quarter conference call. As always, I would also like to thank all our team members for their hard work, dedication, and enthusiasm. Best regards to you all. Take care.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, well, it's complicated, because there's a lot of things going into it include where rates go versus what the market is suggesting, what happens with loan pricing, deposit pricing, and a variety of things, but if we, in the various scenarios that we run thinking about, let's say, the 9/30 implied forward curve, which suggests Fed funds in the 170 area, 12/31 of this year the 10-year just under 170, and then a year forward, Fed funds in the 120 area and Fed funds still in the 170 -- pardon me, 10-year still in the 170 area. That with a range of assumptions about loans and deposits probably gets us to down low-to-mid single digits in net interest income. Maybe not as much of a decline from '18 to '19, but versus a number of scenarios, but it seems to be that would seem to capture it.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, so on the second half, I think you answered that, which is we should wait and allow him to have an input onto the composition of how we're spending money in the future. For Q4 though, as you pointed out, it does imply a step down. And I think the biggest sources of that are other professional fees and some labor-related expense. But it does require that, that’s how the math works, and that's how we're forecasted right now.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, so my expectation is that deposit costs will be cheaper in the fourth quarter reflecting what you described in terms of kind of the burning out of the higher cost deposits that got layered in before the Fed began to ease. Having said that, that is still -- there was less room to go down on the deposit side, and so if rates continue to move down on the asset side it still works against us even if deposit costs aren't rising. So we have to be as vigilant as we can to keep deposits costs as low as it makes sense for the businesses and customers that we serve. But even if they're not rising there's still leverage working against us in a declining rate environment.
John Shrewsberry: Well, I think we're imagining having a little bit higher level of MBS premium amortization. So, that will be working for us in the fourth quarter. It depends, I'd say in terms of wholesale pricing, wholesale banking, deposit pricing. Working with the higher beta customers to make sure that we reduce those as quickly as possible, there is probably more room to run on that with a little bit of divestiture time that could be a benefit. The burnout of more promotional activity on the consumer side is probably a net benefit, and those are some of the bigger items.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, I think it's a good point, there's a real opportunity for, for taking best-in-class and then making it much more efficient. I think we should -- maybe it was last quarter, one of the things that we mentioned is that we're building a control environment for the company as it exists today, and there is just through process consolidation and process reengineering, there's an opportunity for the company to be a whole lot more simplified as we roll forward, and both the cost of delivery and the cost of overseeing that from a risk and control perspective would be expected to be more efficient. Some of that is converting multiple manual processes to just a fewer processes, and some of it is from converting manual process to automated process, but all of that is upside from where we -- from the day that we determine that we think we've achieved the best-in-class requirement from an operational risk and compliance perspective.
John Shrewsberry: I mean within the relevant range of expectations of loan and deposit growth, I wouldn't think of the asset cap as being as really coming into play in our forecast horizon, in part, because there are plenty of levers that we can pull that don't have real customer impact in terms of consumers and our business customers, and we've talked about some of those before in terms of some of the institutional deposits that we take or other wholesale funding that we use, and then, there are some assets that don't work that hard for us from a balance sheet perspective. So, I guess the low single-digit growth rates for loans and deposits is probably a reasonable proxy for a reasonable placeholder for thinking about how 2020 unfolds, could be a range of different outcomes, but that would be consistent with what I mentioned earlier in terms of how you might forecast the different rate paths and getting to a low to mid single-digits down percentage in net interest income for 2020 versus 2019.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, well, so with IRT, I think we actually have a -- this page in the back of the supplement that shows you exactly what to expect there, and not to oversimplify it, but it's on the order of $100 million a quarter I think from both revenue and expense, at least as we process it. Estill coming out starting in the fourth quarter, it was probably a little bit bigger in terms of dollars of revenue per quarter, and you'll see it mostly in the commercial mortgage brokerage line item in the P&L, it shows up in a couple of others areas too and have investment banking fees, but similarly the expenses approximate the revenue in our own experience. So when we finished Q4 and we talked about our 2019 expenses, and we will provide a reconciliation for people to be able to show where we ended up and we'll be sure that to call out both of those things. Actually, it won't really impact -- IRT won't impact it because the expenses are still in our run rate, and we're recovering them, Estill will be a minor adjustment, because there won't be expenses for Q4.
John Shrewsberry: So we're not currently forecasting over our horizon to quite hit that level. I mean it's not that far off either of where we are today or what's likely to unfold. I agree that but while we do have some special things on the asset or the liability side. The sale of Pick-a-Pay loans they were contributing to interest income and to them is probably something that isn't going to be replicated. So I think once that fully runs through the comparison periods, I mean it's affecting them already. That's out, and I don't think there is that much more on the loan side. It's high yielding that's rolling off. On the liability side, we did mention that there are some promotional deposits and other things that are burning down because they were in place as we were on the way up in rates, and so that will be a benefit, but I don't think we get quite to 250 in our forecast horizon. A lot of things go into that, of course, and we don't manage to them. We're much more thinking about dollars of net interest income, but if that's helpful.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, for MBS it's just under $400 million for the quarter and it was just under $250 million for the second quarter, and we think it'll be up a little bit in the fourth quarter. So it's been about $775 million year-to-date through the third quarter.
John Shrewsberry: I assume there'll still be some ongoing amount, if we stay in this context for 10 year and mortgage rates with the velocity of prepayments. You heard me mentioned that we're at about 40% refis right now in our own production, and our pipeline is this big coming out of the third quarter as it was going in. And so, that may take months or even quarters for the -- in the moneyness of the outstanding stock of mortgages, you know, agency mortgages to work their way through the system, but there is a whole lot more people who are in the money for refi today than a few quarters ago. So I don't think that's going to abate quickly.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, I don't have a crisp answer for you only because it appears everywhere. It appears in the front line and appears in the second line, it appears in technology, it appears in a variety of areas. I think we'll try and put a comparison together for folks to get a picture of not only what we think about it, how we think about it historically, but how we think about it going forward back to John McDonald's question of what do we look like at the high watermark versus what efficient looks like over time. I think matching detail that people should be able to understand as that story unfolds, and I think as we finish this work that we do with Charlie and we talk about what the next steps are expense-wise, that's a reasonable expectation from our team.
John Shrewsberry: So there always be some level of promotional activities should reflect the market conditions that we're competing in both in terms of rates and terms. I think like a lot of people and with the expectation of lower rates shortening up initial terms, so that we are not overpaying for a longer period of time, they might have previously felt like it was necessary in a rising rate environment. So we've -- there's some of it in the third quarter, we've eased off on pricing, we've eased off on terms, but just like your firm, there will always be some amount of it to make sure that we're competitive market-by-market and to test and learn.
John Shrewsberry: Let's see. I'm looking at the papers around me here. I don't think it's changed much during the course of the quarter. Yes, I don't know. We'll follow-up with you on that. There wasn't a meaningful move in that category during the course of the quarter, but I'm not having handy.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, that's a good question. So some of it is definitely having taken some of it in-house. The amount by which we're talking about it changing frankly isn't indicative of a giant pivot one way or the other; it's still a category that's too high. It represents both consulting type firms where we've been getting expertise as well as labor augmentation or staff augmentation, particularly in technology labor where we've been, we've been hiring people as contractors, where we haven't been able to hire as quickly as necessary. I think like all firms, there's a portion of our workforce in that area that is on contract. So with the shift in the fourth quarter is the current forecast just based on what's rolled on and what's rolled off and the current body of work, but there's still a lot of it going on. It's still a level that's too high, and as we roll forward and think about what efficient looks like, there's no doubt that that category coming down, substantially will be high on the list of sources in a more efficient state to be operating in.
John Shrewsberry: As you preface to your question with we really can't provide anything in the way of color on this. As you know, we don't provide information as to the portion of our reserves that's applicable to any particular litigation or other items and with regard to the DOJ and SEC investigations that began in 2006, we really don't have any update beyond what we said in our prepared remarks and what we previously disclosed in our last quarter 10-Q, our discussions with the DOJ and SEC are ongoing and when we have more information to disclose, we'll of course do so.
John Shrewsberry: Well, I think at the asset side that's sort of fully reflecting re-pricing down. We talked about the deposit costs not being higher, probably being a little bit lower, and it gets you to the types of numbers that you described.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. And so, to the second part of your question, so we've had these efficiency programs in place for the last few years, which began before this biggest push in response to the Fed consent order and some other regulatory feedback, but through that process, we've got hundreds of programs that have gone activity-by-activity and said about taking unnecessary costs out, and then at the same time we've embarked on this getting it right from an operational risk, compliance, governance perspective, including all of the enabling technology, which is where all this money is being reinvested. So, as I mentioned earlier on this call, the big opportunity once Wells Fargo both internally and from a regulatory perspective has chin the bar for being excellent at operational risk, compliance, and governance overall like that we believe that we are in credit risk and some other areas, is a massive simplification because as we go down this business process management path, we inventory and uncover the fact that we do just about everything we do in many different ways, and there is a huge opportunity to compress that to get more consistent. It improves the customer experience, the team member experience. It's easier to control. It's easier to automate, and it's much less expensive to deliver, and I think from an investor perspective, it's important to know that we are fixing our status quo Wells Fargo the way that our individual processes have currently operate and then there is the opportunity to re-engineer. Now that may look different after we have sat down and done a complete strategic review with Charlie, but it is how the team has set about doing the business or doing the remediation that's necessary to improve the company today starting with the way things are done today, but there is from my perspective an extraordinary efficiency opportunity in modernizing that.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. Well, it was a bigger move than was expected, and I am always -- I am reluctant to say that it could never happen again, but the way we estimate the customer response to their in the moneyness for a refinance given what we know about -- what type of cohort they are following is the basis of how we estimate that, and it happens -- it's been happening at a faster pace, and so we think we have captured that in this valuation adjustment.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, my sense is that if we still liked the risk reward, so if consumer credit stays about where it is and if used car value stay about where they are, that there is an opportunity for us to grow further. So as I mentioned, the growth that we have gotten so far is really by doing more in the same upper rationale on credit tiers, and we previously ran the business with -- including little bit more in the -- at least in the non-prime category, and my sense is that we will probably begin to do that too over the course of the next couple of quarters. We are easing into it, but I don't think of this uptick as aberrant, and I think that there is more to do.
