Timothy Sloan: Thanks, John. Before we end our prepared remarks, I wanted to address a few of the most common questions that we’ve been getting from all of you. The first is whether Wells Fargo's culture is broken. Our goal of building lifelong relationships with our customers and appropriately offering them additional products is still the foundation of our business model. But there was clearly something wrong and we will make the necessary changes to fix it. The values we've always embraced, people as a competitive advantage, doing what is right for our customers, diversity and inclusion, ethics and leadership will continue to guide our company through this challenging period. Second, we’ve received questions about the sales practice activities, who was involved and what the timeline of events was. We have acknowledged that we've made mistakes. However, our board is conducting an independent investigation into our retail banking sales practices and related matters and we’re not in a position to discuss those topics today. Finally, we know there is uncertainty due to the events that have occurred over the last month, including this week. Let me outline what you should expect from us before we have our next earnings call 90 days from now. First, in our retail banking business, we’ll continue our outreach efforts to our customers and focus on making things right. Second, we will continue to work with the board on their investigation as well as all the other inquiries we have received, including meeting the required deliverables under the consent orders. And third, as you’ve heard on the call today, we’re committed to being transparent regarding business trends and you should expect updates on these activities during the quarter. We’re also planning on an off-cycle investor day for next year where we will update you on our business strategies. And finally, I know there is a lot we need to get right. And make no mistake, I get it and our team is on it.
Timothy Sloan: Matt, the blurb really reflected the fact that we’re moving approximately 2,000 of our team members that are in risk and control positions within our business lines to our corporate risk functions. Its’ not necessarily a net increase in the number of team members.
Timothy Sloan: It’s tough to be specific because we will definitely be adding people in control positions as we build out the go-forward plan and have it agreed to by our regulators. So that’s definitely a cost headwind. And I guess I would calibrate the relevant range in the tens of millions of dollars for that, specifically as it relates to this. And I think you're right on the revenue side. Some of the early trends that we’re seeing just in terms of account openings etc. don't really have a revenue impact. They may ultimately, with respect to how incremental deposits are redeployed or transactional activity in cards, things like that, but they don't have an immediate revenue impact on this quarter, next quarter. The bigger picture, of course, some people have asked is, what will the business model feel like in community banking with a more service oriented culture rather than a more sales oriented culture. And you'll be hearing more about that as it’s fully developed. It’s our intention to to be successful in providing all of our customers with what they need in terms of financial products through a service oriented model. So that'll take some time to develop and to describe for people. And then it will work its way in over the course of the coming quarters, but it’s a question that people have asked and it’s one that we’ll provide a lot of transparency around, so that people can understand the impact of that change as it’s being made.
Timothy Sloan: Thank you. It’s tough to say with specificity. We have a very diversified revenue model as you know. There’s so much coming from wholesale. There’s so much coming from WIM. This will be a headwind in community banking. And it’s one that we’ll intend to absorb. But that’s why we’re upping our transparency, so that people can develop their own sense and we can share facts as they’re happening.
Timothy Sloan: Erika, it's a very fair question. And let me take the macro orientation of that first. It's always a function of what the economic environment is and what the interest rate environment is. But I think if you’ve seen from our third quarter results that the other businesses that drive this company performed quite well in the quarter. And we’re excited about their growth. But as John indicated, it's a little bit sooner to rate in terms of what the impact, the longer-term impact of the sales practices issues are going to be within community banking. But, boy, I'm very optimistic about the leadership of Mary Mack, very optimistic about our ability to work through those. But it's going to take a while. And as we said, it could get a little bit worse before it gets better. But I’ll tell you, the team in community banking is up to it.
Timothy Sloan: Overall, it doesn’t. We’ve provided similar metrics in terms of the range of capital payout, and we are well within those this quarter, and our expectation is to continue to stay in those ranges.
Timothy Sloan: All good questions. First, Mary was the best person for the job. I could not be more excited about what she's been able to accomplish in this environment thus far. She brings experience not only within the brokerage business, but also in the retail banking business. And my expectations are very high and I hope she's listening because they’re high and I'm pretty certain that she's going to be able to exceed the expectations. But she was the best person for the job.
Timothy Sloan: Betsy, I saw an executive with decades of experience in the financial services industry and decades of experience at Wachovia and Wells Fargo, who's been through a variety of challenges in her career and who is an incredibly effective leader and somebody who I believe in, and our entire senior leadership team and the board believe, that who can effectuate the change that is needed on our retail banking platform.
Timothy Sloan: Well, the short answer is yes. And we talked about that a fair amount at investor day and we talked about it as part of an omni-channel experience. Our customers continue to use our branches as frequently today as they have a month ago, a year ago and so on. But having said, there is incredible opportunities to continue to improve our product set, how we offer convenience to our customers, how our products and our people interact with each other. And, candidly, that's one of the reasons why we announced on Monday the creation of the payments virtual 20 channel and innovation group. And if you want to ask why we picked Avid for that because she was the best person for the job. And that change, I think, I want to just reinforce is very important because what we've done is we've brought together all of the payments businesses, how so many of our customers, both retail and commercial, interact with us every day, we brought them all together. And we think that’s going to create a fair amount of innovation, but also efficiency over time.
Timothy Sloan: Sure. John, I'll start. Maybe John will want to jump in. I don't have a list of all the states and municipalities that have either indicated they want to put us on a temporary pause or those that have reaffirmed their business with us. In our investor day materials, we broke out the revenue associated with our government and institutional banking business. One of the benefits that we have at Wells Fargo is that we have these diversified set of businesses, and so frequently in our list of 90 different businesses, not every one of them is necessarily material in any one quarter to the impact of the company. Having said that, our goal is to earn all that business back. Those states and municipalities had chosen to do business with Wells Fargo for a reason. We have great people. We have great products. Are we disappointed that they decided to put us on suspension or pause? We are. But given the environment, it's not surprising. And we respect their decisions. But we’re going to work hard to make things right within the company to earn that business back over time.
Timothy Sloan: Yeah, it’s a good question, John. I think the focus is going to be, first, on – and this is a little bit high level, but I'm thinking about what are the drivers of developing those lifelong relationships with our customers. It’s about service. It's about convenience. So think about our bankers being incented to provide good service, and so we’ll be measuring that on an independent basis, to think about our bankers being focused on helping our customers do more business, but being measured on product usage and activity as opposed to individual product sales and also about an overall growth in assets and balances and also think about it being much more driven to a team approach as opposed to just on an individual basis. We think that that is going to be successful. Now, Mary and team are working on the specifics of that right now and when we complete the analysis and they recommend the program, that's one of the other areas that we’ll provide some transparency about.
Timothy Sloan: It’s a fair question. It’s one we've been getting. I think the board, by the changes that we’ve made over the last week and a few weeks is comfortable with and very supportive of the management team. I think over the last few years, really since the financial crisis, we had a huge opportunity years ago to reset the entire team and we selected the best folks that were available for all the roles. Since then, one of the great things about the company has been how we’ve been able to attract many senior leaders from outside the company, not only in our business lines, but also in many of our support functions, including corporate risk. So that's already really happened from my perspective.
Timothy Sloan: Well, it’s an investigation that’s being spearheaded by Shearman & Sterling, which is working on behalf of the board. It’s independent and we don't have a date by which it’s going to be finished. Hopefully, it will be finished as soon as practical, but I think independence and thoroughness is much more important than getting something done in a short period of time.
Timothy Sloan: I think the customer count is somewhat lower than the incidence of the product count at least. With respect to the $1.5 million deposit accounts, which is the bigger number, but the ones that couldn’t be rolled out. That’s related to 1.1 million customers. So it was a 3:2 ratio there. So I’d say it’s somewhat south of a 100,000 customers for the 115,000 impacted accounts. And the retention ratio – I don’t have the retention ratio at hand. It’s not something that’s independently being measured, at least not at this level.
Timothy Sloan: Mike, listen, I appreciate your question. And as one of the many stakeholders at Wells Fargo, I'm sorry that we've disappointed you. But we just spent 30 minutes talking about what’s going on at the company and we provided a lot of information. We provided new slides that provide a tremendous amount of detail on some of the retail sales practices issue and we deliberately and diligently walked through the performance of all of our businesses. And you know what, if that doesn’t satisfy you, I am sorry.
Timothy Sloan: Sure, absolutely. We talked about that at our last investor day. And that’s one of the reasons why we want to accelerate the timing of our investor day because we want to provide increased transparency which we’ve done today and we want to provide a more continuous updates as to how we are operating the company.
Timothy Sloan: I think, overall, in the wholesale businesses, as you said, every quarter can be a little bit different in terms of loan growth. We didn't see any trends in any of our wholesale businesses that would cause us concern that commercial real estate loans are going one way or asset-based loans are going another. One of the reasons why our loan growth in the third quarter was in commercial wasn't as strong as in prior quarter is because our energy book declined by – I can't recall exact figure – $1.5 billion to $2 billion. We’re still very active in the energy industry. But it makes sense that there is a bit of a decline there. We had a few kind of larger underwritings that either paid off or were transformed into long-term debt or equity for our customers, but nothing alarming from our perspective.
Timothy Sloan: Sure, Brian. We saw some of the same reports that you did. And, candidly, those were a little bit of a surprise. Having said that, like all facets of our retail banking business, we’re going to review those. And to the extent there any issues, we will deal with them. But we’re not aware today that they were a driver of overdraft income.
Timothy Sloan: Yeah. I would separate that into credit cards, one, and deposit accounts, second. I think credit cards it's a little bit tricky just because over the last few years we’ve seen such gross in our credit card business in terms of penetration and our usage numbers have been good. But you could imagine a point where there – if credit card growth is down a little bit that in a year or so from now that we could see some decline. But, of course, that assumes that we don't make any other changes in our credit card products, in our offerings, how we interact with customers and the like. So don’t have a great rule of thumb there. And, again, as it relates to the deposit accounts – and, John, jump in here if you feel differently – we’re so new into the impact. And what we tried to do in the expanded disclosure is show you the decline in a monthly basis, but also give you a sense of what the impact was on the total base. I think that's how I would think about it. And I appreciate that you appreciated our increased disclosure.
Timothy Sloan: Brian, that’s another reason why we want to continue to provide enhanced disclosure because we want to make sure that you are comfortable with how any of the headwinds we’re facing right now are affecting business.
Timothy Sloan: So let me take the first part of that question. As I mentioned, the board has engaged Shearman & Sterling to do an investigation of retail sales product issues and other matters. And we want to be very respectful of their process. And we want that process to be taken seriously and to be viewed independently. So I don't want to comment on the specifics of how they’re going to go about their review. But we look forward to…
Timothy Sloan: Well, here's how I would answer that and that is there’s going to be an independent review and I think that it would be appropriate to wait for the independent review as opposed to jumping to conclusion about what media might think. I don't mean to be disrespectful to the media, but I don't know if they have all the facts and the review will look at all the facts and will make some recommendations, I'm sure.
Timothy Sloan: Sure. Marty, I want to be very respectful of the fact that neither John nor I created that role, the board did. First, we have a terrific board. It’s diverse in terms of the types of industries that they’ve been involved in, their experience, and we just couldn't be more pleased with the quality of that board, in particular, having both Steve Sanger and Betsy being – Betsy Duke being willing to step up into these roles is I think absolutely the right decision that the board should be making in the circumstance. Separating the CEO and Chairman role is something that we've done in the past. But, again, in particular to Betsy, to have somebody like that with not only industry experience, but also regulatory experience in this environment to provide assistance for Steve is exactly what’s needed.
Timothy Sloan: Marty, that’s a great question. And by the way, don’t apologize for being a Monday morning quarterback. Candidly, we deserve that and we’re used to it over the last ferw weeks. I also want to preface my remarks by saying, I’ve been in this role for less than 48 hours. And I want you to have high expectations for me, but actually I want to make sure that those are a bit tempered. When I think about the retail sales practices issues we’ve had at the company, I wish that the business had escalated the issues sooner. I wish when the business escalated the issue that while the senior management team did a lot in response, I wish we could have done more. And I highlight that because I think that one of the lessons that I've learned – one of the lessons the entire company has learned and one of the reasons that we’re organized the way we are today and we’re making many of the changes that we’ve talked about are that we've got to escalate issues wherever they occur within the company sooner. We’ve got to deal with them sooner and we’ve got to make sure that to the extent that they have any impact on our customers that we deal with that impact as quickly as we can. So it’s about escalation and it's about speed and dealing with challenges and also dealing with opportunities as they come, Marty.
Timothy Sloan: Yeah, I don’t know. It’s a fair question. I don’t know if they’ve created blinders. But, again, the fact of the matter is we should have escalated these issues sooner and we should have dealt with them more quickly than we did. So to the extent that some of our prior success impacted that, so be it. I can assure you that we’ve talked about what you just described a lot. And we’re going to make sure that that doesn't create a blinder now or in the future.
Timothy Sloan: I'm glad you asked. I wasn’t sure whether anybody was going to get there. But the – so the accretable balance was down $4 billion in the quarter. It stands at about – I think – about $11.2 billion right now. So what’s happened here is that prepayments have sped up. We’ve reached a point where a lot of these borrowers have gotten themselves in the money for refis because of the path of HPI and we’re experiencing and modeling faster cash flows as a result of that. And so, frankly, in the near term, I think we’ll see an increased interest income as more of that comes through. But what it means is those loans won’t be outstanding for as long as we might have previously predicted because they will be refi-ed.
Timothy Sloan: Yeah. So it’s tough to say because the chapter – the middle chapters haven’t been written of what the op risk outcome is. We know what the settlement was, but we’ve got a variety of legal matters that we have to attend to, all of which will factor into a future view of what the total op risk experience is from it. So at the margin, it would be increasing. I think I mentioned earlier, in CCAR, our own stress analysis, we concoct and imagine outsized op risk outcomes to demonstrate that we’ve got the capital and earnings power to overcome them and the magnitude of what we’re talking about here frankly, – while it’s significant, is modest in comparison to what you can imagine in stress, both in our own scenario as well as in CCAR. And, of course, what it means from the regulators perspective is they think about our op risk capacity in the future is up to them. But it will have an increase with the margin. It doesn't have a material increase in the moment because the numbers, as you say, have not been that big on the scale of Wells Fargo's balance sheet and earnings power so far. But it’s a headwind and op risk. We’ve been fortunate to have had modest op risk outcomes relative to the GSIB peer group over the CCAR era and this feels different because of the severity of the reputational harm that’s been created.
Timothy Sloan: Vivek, the way that I would think about it is that this stems from the lawsuit that the City of LA filed a year before that. And so, there were issues that we were dealing with. But as John said, we’ve got to be very careful and respectful of what we disclose in terms of conversations that we have with our regulators and that's really important, and the so short answer is we followed appropriate policies, procedures, rules and disclosure requirements.
Timothy Sloan: Yeah. It’s a fair question. I think – we’re focused less on size because size is ultimately determined by our customers. It’s not necessarily determined by us. We want to arm our team members with the right incentives and have them work together and provide a good advice and service to our customers and make sure that we’ve got great products out there. That’s what’s going to drive our size. Having said that, we need to make sure that as we think about our returns, so putting the [indiscernible] you might use, which we do all the time. Are we getting and providing the appropriate returns for our investors based upon our size? That's how we think about it. Having said that, we’ve looked at across the company and you’ve seen us exit some businesses that we believed would not provide us with as strong return as they might provide another owner. We sold our crop business. We sold our HSA business and so on. And because we appreciate in this environment and given the amount of liquidity and capital that we have that we’ve got to be very mindful in terms of for how we deploy our assets.
Timothy Sloan: Well, I wouldn’t jump to a conclusion about whether it’s a transparency issue or not. As you can see, we’re trying to be more transparent in terms of the operations of the company than we’ve ever been. But, Nancy, I want to be very respectful to the Board because that’s the Board’s decision.
Timothy Sloan: Nancy, all good ideas in this company are on the table. And we’ve got an impressive management team whenever a company and it’s the certainly case for us faced with these kinds of challenges. It’s absolutely appropriate to step back and think about all aspects of how we provide product and service and convenience to our customers. And we certainly are thinking about price. Having said that, when you think about the driver of our company, one of the drivers for our company for decades is building that lifelong relationship that's not based on price. So could we make some changes in our pricing of certain products, deposit or otherwise? Sure, we could. But I would not expect us to lead with price.
Timothy Sloan: I think that saying that we put our team members through the wringer is an understatement. I really do. I really do. Especially team members on our retail banking platform. But it's throughout the company. We want to make sure that we retain the best people that we can. And we think we offer a very competitive set of compensation and benefits. We talked a little bit about that on one of the slides. But we appreciate that we’ve got to recruit our team in this kind of environment and all ideas are on the table.
Timothy Sloan: You should think about it as an annual range. This quarter, we popped up above it, but still a good annual range. And if we start thinking that it’s not, then we’ll telegraph that to people. It’s hard to be more specific. The operational or compliance-related issues are one set of cost that maybe can be modeled in the near term. But to the extent that we’ve got lumpy operational losses that drive it up, those are just harder to predict and they’ll happen when they happen. But if we think we’re – the band is no longer the right band, then we’ll tell you that.
Timothy Sloan: Yeah. I wouldn't tie the two together. And I certainly wouldn't be focused on branch closures. What we’ve talked about, and again I reflect back and how we described our branch platform at investor day, that we continue to update it all the time. We move branches around. We open new branches. We combine branches. We may close a few. I think this year, in fact, there’s going to be a reduction unrelated to what we’ve talked about here. But as John described, we’ve got to look at our expenses and we have been looking at our expenses for some period of time to be able to keep the efficiency ratio within the range, even though it's at the upper end of the range because we need to invest not only in compliance, we’ve got to invest in technology and bringing on new products and cyber defense and all of the above.
Timothy Sloan: Well, I have lots of ideas, but candidly I'd be a lot more nervous if I were you if I came out with some new strategic plan for Wells Fargo in 48 hours. That would be pretty dangerous from my perspective. But, look, the company – when I think about the company that I joined 29 years ago, it’s so different today. My guess is Wells Fargo is going to be different five years from now, 10 years from now and 15 years now. And you know what, I hope it is, because by changing and adapting to the environment we are in, that’s one of the reasons why we've had a history of success, notwithstanding the last month or so. The last month or so has been a real challenge as we’ve talked about on the call today and I am sure we’ll continue to talk about for a while. But we've made some important announcements this week. Again, you might call them tactical. I think they're actually in the strategic bend. The creation of a new business line, the elevation of some new senior leaders in our wholesale banking and our community banking business as well as consumer lending. They’re going to bring some new ideas. So, no, fair point that it’s probably a little bit more tactical and strategic, but over time you'll see some updates and we'll talk about those over the next few months and I'm sure we'll talk about some of that at Investor day next year.
Timothy Sloan: Thank you. I know it's been a busy morning for everybody and our call has been a little bit longer than normal. But I really want to thank all of you for your thoughtful questions, the discussion I think has been incredibly helpful for both John and me and we look forward to continuing to provide additional disclosure to you as we move through the quarter. And we thank you for your interest in Wells Fargo.
John Shrewsberry: I think those – what we announced at the last investor day in terms of targets are still a reasonable guideposts. I said just a little bit earlier, I think we’ll still be at the higher end on expenses. And, of course, now in addition to what we just talked about with Matt about compliance costs, we’re going to have incremental operating losses as a result of this litigation etc. That’s got to work its way through. And that will definitely be around for a little while. As Tim mentioned, we’re going to have an off-cycle investor day next May. And between now and then, we'll be talking a lot. And if we think that those aren’t reasonable guideposts anymore, we’ll tell people.
John Shrewsberry: We certainly account for a broad range of stressed outcomes in the capital planning process as it relates to operational risk and operational losses. That’s always been true. And it’s true for other filers as well. So it will certainly be our intention to take a similar path going forward with the approach to distribution that we’ve had.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. So this is John. There’s a lot of puts and takes there, which is why we usually revert back to the efficiency ratio of target because while we’re definitely going to have elevated compliance related costs and operational loss related costs, we’ve got a lot of initiatives underway, some of which you alluded to. Some are immediate and some are over the forecast horizon of a couple of years. And it’s designed to keep us in or below the high-end of 55% to 59%. So my guidance at this point is that we’re going to be at the high end of that range accounting for all of those things that we’re showing as levers in order to offset the elevated expense.
John Shrewsberry: It’s difficult to do. It’s very early for the matters that we filed in our 8-K and that you’re reading about in the newspaper. And as those things mature over time, then they’ll begin to have an impact. But they don’t have a dollar impact yet.
John Shrewsberry: The net number that I would look to for ease of modeling if we got one 25 basis point move would be something on the order of $150 million per quarter in the first year. There’s a lot going into that in terms of asset liability mix, loan growth, deposit growth, TLAC issuance, etc. But that’s a reasonable placeholder that accounts for the net.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. Well, the first call on that liquidity would be loans that we just talked about to the extent that there was incremental loan demand. We’ve – versus how we’ve deployed liquidity in the past, we, obviously, have more of a bias toward things that qualify for HQLA just because of the environment that we’re living in for liquidity. So you’ve seen a lot of agency mortgage-backed securities. You’ve seen some treasuries. We’ve actually got a program of late to be a little bit more active in the Ginnie Mae securities because of their liquidity properties. We also have a portfolio of – a smaller portfolio on the security side are somewhat more credit sensitive, so high-grade corporates or CMBS, things like that we replenish every quarter as well. The returns are okay and we have this lower for longer bias that makes us comfortable deploying capital in that way and liquidity in that way and the capital to withstand what happens if we’re wrong about rates and we end up in a higher rate environment. But it’s consistent with the approach that we’ve taken over the last couple of quarters. We paused in the first quarter while there was a real, real drop in – it was market volatility that gave rise to risk-free rates going as well as they have. But now in the second quarter and the third quarter, we’ve been back to converting cash into duration basically.
John Shrewsberry: And I guess the only thing I would add is that not all deposit accounts are equal in terms of the contribution to deposit balances. I think we have deposits growing by $6 billion when we have new accounts not opening as quickly.
John Shrewsberry: Yeah, it’s still on the balance sheet. So it is puttable and it's FHLB asset financing. So it shows up as longer-term debt. And you can see that on page 15, I think, of today's deck. So still in place. Now, of course, we’re just using it as part of the general liability structure overall and will use it as long as we think that it is a good component of the stat.
John Shrewsberry: The waterfall there is that applications may or may not become approvals and approvals may or may not become activated cards and activated cards have to become utilized and utilized cards become balances and balances accrue interest. So there’s a lot of steps that have to be gone through before applications have an impact on either assets or revenue. One of the reasons for showing this is to help people understand what the immediate impact is and then to roll it forwards, so we can see whether annualizing that September number is really the right way to approach. September, obviously, was the first month. It’s the month where we pulled back on marketing. It’s the month when our team members were probably the most uncertain in terms of what the go forward model is going to be as we pivot toward service. It’s the month when our customers and prospects are first reflecting their real dissatisfaction with Wells Fargo, all those things put together. And those are going to change in different ways as we roll it forward. So it’s the installed base that drives the P&L results and that is where it is. And Tim mentioned that we’re going to roll this forward probably during the quarter, so people can see whether October looks like September and November looks like October and then we can start to build a projectable impact on the trend. Hopefully, that’s helpful.
John Shrewsberry: So it’s tricky one because we certainly account for these items when they become known or probable and estimable under GAAP. But, separately, we’re also – these are also part of a confidential supervisory information that – there’s a limitation of how much you can talk about while you’re in the middle of a negotiation with the regulator. They can talk about whatever they choose to and they do sometimes and other times they wait until it ends. So we think about the circumstances in the moment. We, obviously, would love to be just close with and help people understand what's going on. We’re certainly taking the charges when we need to take the charge. But we’re not alone in that discussion. And usually, the circumstances are governed by – in the case of a regulator, the regulator. So that’s how I think about that.
John Shrewsberry: Another thing, Kevin, is – as it relates – because other people have asked today with regard to that whatever might happen on the branch network side of things. That doesn't necessarily give you an immediate lift if you’re thinking about today's elevated compliance cost or today’s elevated marketing costs. If we’re making moves on the physical distribution side of our business, that creates benefits in year two, year three, year four, but it’s not really an immediate offset. So as Tim said, I wouldn’t think about those as offsetting levers.
John Shrewsberry: Well, the way that range was constructed was with our expectation for rates, which is practically flat. But, for example, if we get a 25 basis point move in December, that wouldn’t be unreasonable and that’s essentially baked into being in that range. If we stay flat, we’re not that far off of that. It’s not that big. If we had a big move up in rates, which I think is highly unlikely, then that would probably move us down in the range. I think we’ve said that before.
John Shrewsberry: We’re still in the process of refining the overall implementation approach to be compliant with the rules. I think we’re still going to approach every client relationship with an emphasis on every client having a customized plan that guides their investment activity. We’re going to emphasize advisory solutions and continue to offer traditional brokerage for certain clients that include self-directed options. And we’ll be sharing more details as we get closer to implementation. I think with each ensuing quarter between now and later in 17, you should expect to hear a little bit more about the specifics of the implementation. But we haven't reached the same conclusion in the same timeframe as the comparator that I think you're referring to.
