Timothy J. Sloan: No, that's a fair question and I think your estimate of the impact of the special items is correct. Neither the acquisitions, either the BNP acquisition or WestLB, really impacted the core loan yields. They were very similar to similar loans that we had in similar portfolios we already had on the sheet. And so there's really nothing in particular that's going on from a loan yield standpoint. It's competitive out there. We continue to compete as best we can. We tend not to be -- to over compete on price. We focus on competing on relationship and growing cross-sell. But there's nothing special there at all.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, that was a driver for the increase in the yield. And really what happened is we had some very high-quality short-term government or government agency securities that were called that we had invested in, in the end of the third, early fourth quarter of last year when we had all that excess liquidity that occurred. And what we did is we looked across the spectrum and saw the best -- some of the best risk return being in very high-quality municipal securities and so that was the exchange.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, we did, we did. And again, I think that the important thing to think about when you -- as we look through the NPRs is that while it did have about a 30 basis point impact, we don't -- and there's a lot of give-and-takes that we're going to have with the regulators and the whole industry will have with the regulators on the various items, in terms of our ability to meet any sort of capital requirements on any reasonable set of time, we're going to meet them well in advance. So we've got a lot of discussion to have with the regulators, but we're fine from a capital standpoint.
Timothy J. Sloan: John, it's a function of timing. It's a good question. It's a function of the timing and also the fact that we tend to have more share issuance in the first part of the year. If you look over last year, you saw something relatively similar in that the share count drifted down a little bit toward the end of the year. But it's nothing special other than just timing.
Timothy J. Sloan: It was mostly loan resolutions, John, and that's why we called it out. The NIM's been flat quarter-over-quarter and we wanted to make sure that you all appreciated that 7 basis points was something that was relatively special.
Timothy J. Sloan: I think the market continues to provide opportunities for firms that have the liquidity and the capital to be able to take advantage of it. Whether or not we'll be successful, I certainly can't promise you because we turn down more than we pursue. But we're just very, very pleased over the past year to have been in position to make the acquisitions that we've done. To date, they've all worked out well and we look forward to looking at more acquisitions in the future.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, there were a couple of things in the numerator, John. First, in terms of how the OCI related to our pension would be handled. And then second was the MSR floor. And then on the denominator side, it was primarily an RWA adjustment for the removal of the credit rating for AFS securities. But again, it wasn't significant.
Timothy J. Sloan: I wouldn't say it's a onetime true up, Chris. I'd love to be able to tell you that, that's the case. It may be; it may not be in terms of what we see in the future. I think we're just continuing to be -- to want to make sure that we've got that reserve absolutely accrued for appropriately. And we saw the agencies continuing to adjust their requests. Again, these are not specific demands. This is in advance of demands, but it's at our best expectations that what the demands are going to look like in the future.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, there's a lot of give-and-take in this relationship and you can see that we're good at making progress in terms of those discussions because of the fact that demands were actually down. When we get something, we work through it. Sometimes we agree; sometimes we don't. But it's a pretty healthy conversation.
Timothy J. Sloan: You know what, Chris, I'd -- to be honest with you, I don't have it handy. We'll get back to you on that. But it was lower than -- much lower than the TruPS. I want to say 200, 300 basis points, but we'll get back to you on that.
Timothy J. Sloan: Correct. I mean I think just overall, the TruPS repurchase and the fact that we did it as early as we did has been a real benefit for us and will continue to be a benefit.
Timothy J. Sloan: No, we're not. We're not taking any significant duration risk or any significant credit risk. This is still a very high-quality portfolio and the duration is relatively short.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, fair question. Similar to where Erika was coming out. And that is that it was really an exchange of some very low-yield, short-term, very high-quality government or government agency securities in exchange for some municipals and some MBS.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, fair question. We have not begun our detailed planning for next year. Having said that, I think that we continue to see pretty significant changes that we can make as it relates to any sort of the run rate, which will be Project Compass. We also have some environmental items like higher operating losses due to litigation accruals and the like that hopefully will come out over time. So we think we can make some progress. And that's what one of the reasons why we've provided the range of 55% to 59% at Investor Day. If we thought that we were at the end and we were going to be at 58%, 59%, we wouldn't have provided that range to 55%.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, let me take the last question first. The pace of runoff in the commercial portfolio was impacted in some of our commercial real estate loans, which drove the PCI resolution. That was a primary diver there. I wish I could tell you that was going to happen every quarter, but I can't. In terms of overall commercial loan demand, it still seems good. I wouldn't call it great. I mean I think we're in the midst of a recovery. It's a slow recovery. But what was good from our perspective was to see a more broad-based level of loan growth in our commercial portfolio in addition to the acquisitions. And we also saw, and I mentioned it in my remarks, a continued increase in line usage. It's not significant, but we bottomed in terms of line usage about a year or so ago and it's been slowly but steadily going up. But I would call it good, and it's a very competitive market.
Timothy J. Sloan: Marty, I hope that's the case. But when you think about the conversion, it's just as much as what's going to happen in terms of business this month and the beginning of August. We've ramped up our team members in mortgage to be able to move the pipeline through as quickly as we can. But again -- and I -- so I hope $170 billion is the right number, but it could be a little bit different.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, our numbers -- your numbers are actually pretty close, Marty. Our number was closer to about $220 million, $225 million or so but in that zip code. And it's remaining pretty stable.
Timothy J. Sloan: Marty, I wouldn't want to speculate on what's going to happen in the future. What we wanted to do was make sure that we were appropriately reserved for this quarter. As John said, there's going to be a lot of healthy conversation with the agencies on whatever future demands are going to provide. Again, these were based on conversations in which we expected future demands as opposed to specific demands.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, Paul, good question. What we were referring to at Investor Day was the media reports at the time that indicated that the HARP margins were outsized relative to the rest of the originations, which wasn't the case then and isn't the case now. The fundings have actually been pretty stable in terms of -- I think we, at Investor Day, we might have said 15%.
Timothy J. Sloan: Now, it's 16% now. And that's about -- it just seems pretty stable in that percentage. I mean it could go up or down a few percentage, but 16% is a pretty good number.
Timothy J. Sloan: We haven't published any of the July information. But as of just a couple of weeks ago with the pipeline that we have, things -- the business is good and we're optimistic about it.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, Mike, we could always an oh no! quarter. This is a volatile business that we're in, for sure. I think that when you’re looking at the history of the company, we've had a profitable mortgage business for decades. But within that profitability, we've had a lot of cycles. We understand that the mortgage business is a very cyclical business, particularly when you look at the refi cycles that we've had over the past few years. And I would just point to the fact that while I can't promise this is going to be the case, while we've printed 10 consecutive quarters of earnings growth, we've had ups and downs in the mortgage business. And I think what that reflects is the benefit of the fact that we've got a very diversified business model, all right? The mortgage business is important to us. But when you look at the percentage of mortgage revenues for last year and the year before, it goes down because we're growing the rest of the business quite nicely. So I can't tell you specifically what would take the place of the decline in mortgage revenues, which will occur. We know that's going to happen because it's unlikely that we'll continue at this pace for the medium term as you point out. But we do believe that because we saw loan growth in many of our portfolios, we saw fee growth in many of the businesses that we can continue to grow even in the medium term.
Timothy J. Sloan: We talk about that, right, all the time. We talk to our mortgage folks about that all the time. But it's -- that's a really, really hard number to come up with, with any specificity. So I wouldn't want to throw out something and then you guys take our market share of that and then assume that we're going to get that over the next few quarters. I hope we do, but I'm not confident enough on that.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, I hope that's the case. And given that we start this quarter with a pretty strong pipeline, we think that will be the case for the near term. I do think that one of the differences about this refinancing cycle, which I think is where you're going and it's right on point is that because of some of these other programs, it's going to create a little bit more of a foundation in terms of demand for a longer period of time.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, fair question. I want to point out that we were not able to purchase shares in the first quarter of this year just like we weren't able in the first quarter of last year just because of the timing of the CCAR process. So when you look at the share repurchase that we did in the second quarter, I wouldn't necessarily multiply that by 2 to get what we're going to do in the third and the fourth quarter. But what -- we are going to continue to repurchase shares. We've got the ability to do it. We continue to believe our shares are undervalued. And we're going to continue to be in the market.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, I would just describe that as just more of a mix in terms of individual securities. There's nothing special that's going on there.
Timothy J. Sloan: Oh, I think, Fred, as we talked about, I think where we have the biggest impact in terms of yields is in our AFS book and it's under pressure, and that's one of the drivers of our concern about the NIM.
Timothy J. Sloan: That's correct. We're going to take applications through today and then there's a time period by which we need to get that information they need to close by. But that's correct; we're exiting that portion of the business.
Timothy J. Sloan: I think in terms of our view on the correspondent business, it really hasn't changed. We think it's a good business. As we've had -- as we mentioned on Investor Day, I think Mike Heid did a really good job of kind walking through the opportunities that we've had over the past year, in particular in terms of adding correspondents and we've been very careful to make sure that we add the right correspondents. We have long, strong relationships with a number of correspondents and again we like the business. In terms of adding staff to be able to process the volume we've had, I mean these have been unprecedented times in terms of how quickly volume has changed. And we've been adding folks to be able to underwrite and process these as quickly as we can and we'll continue to do that. But like -- at the same time, when volume starts to decline, we need to be ready to reduce, too. But there's nothing different going on here. You just need to make sure that you've got sustained volume before you add a lot of people.
Timothy J. Sloan: I think one way to think about it, Ed, is if you look back on how that's gone up and down over the last year, for example, you've seen quarters where it's been $200 million, $300 million lower. And we're hoping, right, that those operating losses will go down as we continue to put any sort of, particularly legal -- open legal issue behind us. So I hope that's the case.
Timothy J. Sloan: A good portion of it is, but we're generally not specific in terms of exactly how much of it is related to litigation accruals.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, in answer to your last question, we're hopeful that we get meaningful resolution income every quarter. But -- and there's still more to get, right? We're not done with the PCI loan portfolio. Having said that, you hit the nail on the head. That's why we called out the 7 basis points, right, that without that, we would have been in the mid-3 80s. And we know where yields are today on securities, in particular. But again, I think you got to put it in the context of the fact that the majority of our earning assets, 70%, 75% plus, our loans and the yields are within a reasonable range. While we're having the biggest -- we have the biggest impact is on our securities portfolio. But you're right. I think thinking about this in kind of a mid 3 80 number and having some downside from there is a fair way to look at it.
John G. Stumpf: Yes, let me just emphasize that. We're in that unique position of not having to do anything uneconomic or different to somehow hoard capital or to meet something. We are -- we have such strong capital, such strong cash flows and earnings here. It puts us in a position where we can grow organically, do strategic and value-adding portfolio acquisitions or whatever. So it really puts us in a great position. Capital simply is a not an issue here. Nothing I'd worry about.
John G. Stumpf: And John, as we have mentioned in the past and we'll say it again, NIM will be under pressure as -- in this low-rate environment. And while we don't manage to it, we surely talk about it. But what's important here is we're able to grow net interest income and that's really the driver.
John G. Stumpf: John, we -- like I said lots and we kick a lot of tires. We say no to more stuff than we say yes to. But we don't do another deal that's -- we'll do other things, but we're still looking at a lot of things.
John G. Stumpf: But Chris, let me say this. Just because there's demands, I mean we're going to push back. We have a team and we look through this stuff. And this is -- we have -- and we've been successful in the past in that, but we just wanted to give you a heads-up about what's -- what we expect in the future. But there's a whole team here that takes this very seriously.
John G. Stumpf: Yes, and let me state we still have opportunity. Expenses are still too high around here given the operating environment. So we -- all hands are on deck. We've lost none of our enthusiasm or opportunity or passion to do that. And this is not a destination; this is a journey. And it will continue next quarter, the quarter after into next year. But also what's important is not only Compass expenses, but expenses in businesses that move up and down. How quickly we can take mortgage costs out when mortgage -- when the refi boom ends. And those are also critically important. But we get this in spades and that's why we've been so public about the fact that we have opportunity here.
John G. Stumpf: And I should also mention that we actually had -- we saw some opportunities or some performance on the consumer side, which is really healthy. We're doing very well in auto; we did very well in small business; we did very well in card this quarter. So that's very positive. Because we have -- home equity is coming down. So to show some improvement there was very encouraging.
John G. Stumpf: Now, for others that might be higher as a percentage because they do less other things. The denominator is different. But for us, it's been pretty flat.
John G. Stumpf: Yes, and Mike, I've -- and Tim's absolutely right in that. But even within the mortgage business, think about it. We are already seeing more purchase volume activity and the business is balanced pretty nicely between the servicing side and the origination side. So when originations tend to ebb, the servicing tends to do better. So I mean -- so there's a whole bunch of stuff. And there's -- we always say there's lots of different horses pulling this coach and one pulls harder when the other one doesn't pull as hard. So that's the beauty of this balanced business model. But, Mike, we will not stretch for something. If -- I mean, that we -- it's just not in our culture to do that. So if we happen to have something that goes down one quarter, that's life.
John G. Stumpf: That's a very fair question. And we’ve become, I think, really, really good at how to deal with -- how to make what would traditionally been more permanent expenses variable in that business. So we do -- we have lots of skill in that area. But it can’t happen in one week, I mean, but we're always looking for improvements in how to become much more variable in expenses that used to be more fixed.
John G. Stumpf: And just maybe -- just so we're all on the same wavelength here. The wholesale that we're turning down is different from correspondent. Correspondent is where you know the actual date when they close on. This is where the loan is priced and originated, but we close it and that's the part -- the wholesale piece that, that we couldn't be sure of what price is.
John G. Stumpf: Okay, well, thank you very much for joining us for our second quarter call, and we'll talk to you 90 days from now. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Frederick Cannon: Just really a follow -- one follow-up question on the, Tim, your comment concerning the securities yields. You mentioned that the reason for the security yield increase was on the agent -- was because of the prepayment on agency securities. But it was in the residence -- it was in the non-agency securities on the mortgage-backed that we saw the linked quarter increase in the yield and I was wondering if -- what might be going on there.
Frederick Cannon: No, under mortgage-backed securities, you've got the line item federal agencies and then you've got residential and commercial, which I'm assuming is non-agency MBS and that's the line item where you saw the yield increase.
Frederick Cannon: One other question on the mortgage business. In the DOJ announcement yesterday, it said that you would discontinue funding mortgages at originated price and sold by independent mortgage brokers through your wholesale channel. I was wondering how much of the wholesale channel that is that you're shutting that down and kind of any reasons behind that.
