Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Hey, thanks, Ken. First, I'd start with the efficiency program that we've been talking about now for the better part of 1.5 years. And all of that's tracking as we thought it would. So the core, driving kind of efficiency through the core business lines and operating groups is sort of working the way we thought. When you look at what's happened this year, as you pointed out, operating losses are higher than what we assumed at the beginning of the year. And those things just can be unpredictable at times just as we work through the backlog of items. You know the accounting standard we work with, right? If we knew about something now, we would accrue for it. If we could estimate it, we would accrue for it. But we're just flagging -- continuing the flag that we still have a pipeline of stuff to work through. And then as you highlighted, as we think about this year, the increases in the operating loss line have been offset by -- largely offset by the lower revenue-related expenses. And so we still feel good about that $51.5 billion number that we set out at the beginning of the year. And we're going to continue to work through the pipeline of items. And if something is significant and pops, we will be sure to highlight it as we go forward.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah. Maybe I'll just add one or two things, John. I think as Charlie highlighted, we feel good about where we are. I would just point out, we are not – our G-SIB score is going to stay the same as we go into next year as well. So we don't have another uptick as we go into the beginning of next year. So that's good. And at this point, we don't feel like we need to build capital from where we are to build a bigger buffer and then we'll just be prudent on buybacks as we go through, and through the next few quarters.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah. Sure. I think, ultimately, the exact progression over the next couple of quarters will be a function of how the Fed moves on rates. But I would think of it as somewhat of a ratable step up quarter-to-quarter. So not -- you won't see some outsized results in one versus the other as we go. And you'll continue to see a little bit of loan growth come through. We think that probably moderates a little bit from what we saw in the first half of the year, but you'll see some loan growth there as well as it steps up. And as you say, I think the industry has seen deposits come down a little bit. If you look at the latest version of the Fed data, and you can see that in our results as well. Now for us, it's been a little bit of -- you can see the period end balances in each of the segments, and it's been a little bit of reduction in each of them with the lowest percentage reduction being in the consumer space. So that's a good thing. And as you know, we -- over the last couple of years, we've brought down much of our wholesale funding that we've got out there. And so we've got plenty of capacity to provide liquidity or get the liquidity we need to continue to support clients.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, Steve, I know you're really good at modeling this stuff. So I'll let you do the modeling. But I think as you pointed out, we're going to see step ups, right, as we go through the next -- as we did this quarter from last quarter. And that will continue into the third and fourth quarter. And now exactly what -- it's hard to use one quarter, as you know, it's just run rate for the rest of the -- for the following year. But certainly, the exit rate is going to be a lot higher than even where we are today. And then we'll have to just see what the environment is like at that point how to think about whether that's a clean run rate to build off of, or are there other things they're getting away. And as you can see, over the last -- even over the last three, four, five, six weeks, whatever it's been, the amount of volatility that's out there on the long end and what happens with loan growth, does it keep at the same pace. And so there's a lot of factors, I think, that go into what 2023 would look. But as you pointed out, our exit rate will be pretty healthy.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I mean I think that's -- we're not expecting balances to grow much from where they are. And I think we'll see what happens as -- if we see continued outflows of deposits, but as you put it out, like our mix of deposits as we came in this environment sets us up pretty well, and you can see that in the results so far where the consumer deposits are a much bigger percentage of the overall pod than they were just a couple of years ago. As you think about beta, so far, they've basically progressed as we thought in each of the segments. And so we really haven't seen much variation to what we thought at this point in the rate cycle. Now if the Fed does raise rates 75 basis points at the next meeting, now you're starting to get into territory that we didn't see in the last rate cycle -- rate rising cycle. And so we're going to start to see betas increase from there. And I think that's exactly at what pace and where you need to be defensive or not on the wholesale side of the -- on the commercial side, we'll see, and we're pretty nimble and are able to react to it. But so far, everything has progressed as we thought it would. And so we're going to keep a pretty close eye on it as we go over the next few months. And I think that will -- this quarter and into the fourth quarter, I think, will give us a lot of interesting data points to know how to think about it over a longer period of time.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Scott. I'll just bring you through some of the key fee lines just to give you a sense of some of the dynamics, right? So on the deposit side, it's been pretty -- we saw a step down in the quarter, largely a result of the changes we made in overdraft fees. We'll see a little bit more step down as we go through the year, probably more a fourth quarter thing than a third quarter thing, as we implement the additional changes there, but there's -- other than that, there's a lot of stability generally to that line based on underlying activity. We'll see what happens in the market and how that drives the investment advisory and asset based fee line. That's -- it's going to be key to see what happens in the equity and the fixed income markets. And as we bring more stability enters into the market that really supports that fee line. And as you know that’s our single biggest line item as you look at that fees. Investment banking. It's really going to be market driven, but we -- our fees were pretty low, including the small mark that we had on -- in leveraged finance. And so it's hard to see that going too much lower, but that's really going to be driven by the activity levels. Card spend, we're seeing still good, although it slowed maybe a little in May and June. We're still seeing really good activity in the card space and people are outspending. So that's helpful. Mortgage banking, as you highlighted, I think, is likely going to come down a little more in the third quarter, but it's off a much smaller base. You can still have pretty big -- you can have decent sized percentage declines there, but it's still -- it's really small dollars at this point. And then we'll see as the market progresses and how that impacts the equity security side. But -- so I think hopefully, we're getting more stability here, but some of it will be dependent upon what we see in the markets.
Mike Santomassimo: I think you can certainly see a little bit more decline from here potentially. I think that’s not an unreasonable expectation. Exactly timing and how that’s going to progress, I think, is hard to predict with any real degree of accuracy, just given the environment we’re in right now. But I think it’s possible, they can be out a little bit more from here.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, we don't -- you got to think of these as unfunded commitments, not funded, right? So, as you sort of think about them, don't think about them outstanding, thinking about them as unfunded commitments, number one. And you really have to, over time, think about term loans versus high yield a little bit differently. And on the high-yield side, we don't disclose this, but we haven't disclosed the actual number, but it's really small in the scheme of the balance sheet and the term loan side, which generally has a little bit more stability to it and less volatility to it is the bigger part. All these deals are subject to further spread widening, given the environment we're in, for sure. We -- at the end of the quarter, took our best -- used our best judgment to market where we thought the deals would clear. And we'll see how that over the coming months.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I think we've -- as you think about each asset, each type of deposit, to-date, they're tracking pretty close to what we saw last cycle. But you then look at the mix of our deposit base, and that's what's changed pretty substantially since the last go around. And so if beta stayed the same as last cycle byproduct, given our mix has changed, you would see a lower average deposit beta. But there's a lot to play out as we go through the rest of the year, but in each of the underlying products.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Sure. Look, and again, it really all depends on what happens in the public equity markets, which is in part driving those declines. So if we see some stabilization, that's constructive. If we see much deeper declines, that's we'll have to evaluate how that impacts these portfolio investments. And obviously, if the market starts to rally, that's even more constructive. So I think the public equity markets and will be a good guide to how to think about whether or not we have to evaluate whether there's more reductions here or not.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah. I mean, on the training side, it was really good performance in our macro fixed income businesses, commodities, FX, a little bit of rates. And so I think that's all what contributed to it. And we'll see, obviously, the continued performance, there is subject to what we see happening in the markets. It's not – we're not out there taking any kind of incremental risk that we normally take. It's really helping clients facilitate the flow that they've got there, and so we'll see how that goes. And as you can see, it's a relatively smaller number for us versus maybe some others. As you think about the securities portfolio, I wouldn't assume, there'll be continued gains there. I think we did do a small, small remixing of our securities portfolio. Some of it was RWA. Some of it was RWA optimization I think selling some UMBS is buying Ginnies that where spreads were pretty tight at the time we did it. You save an RWA you don't give up much yield. And there are a few other minor optimizations we did there.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah. It's not a technology move. I think he's talking about platforms in terms of the overall sort of the way we operate business. So there isn't -- it isn't dependent upon a big technology conversion, Betsy. So -- and then I would just highlight one last thing. Charlie in his prepared remarks, talked about Wells Fargo Premier. That's step one in really helping provide more differentiated and holistic service offering to our affluent clients in the consumer business and the Wealth piece is going to be big part of that. And we already have 1,500 plus advisers in the branch system to do. We already have a great investment platform. And so we're in the early days, but building out a differentiated service offering there as well, which will be a big part of the wealth businesses going forward.
Mike Santomassimo: Hey, Vivek, it's Mike. I'll -- maybe I'll take a shot at that. Look, we've just seen -- I just don't think what we've seen in the second quarter will continue to happen at the same pace. We may get surprised and it will be a little better than we think. But I think at some point, we just feel, as you look at any of the uncertainty that might be there or other factors that are causing clients that use their lines today that just may moderate as we go through it. I wouldn't look at it as some big warning of anything to come. It's just we're being a little -- we're being a little prudent in terms of the way we think about that growth rate and maybe we'll be surprised on the upside a little, but it's just what we're seeing right now.
Mike Santomassimo: Not that I would say are super significant at this point. But when you go category-by-category and say, okay, well, spending in the card space continue to increase at the same pace given some of the uncertainty in the economic environment, we'll see maybe commercial real estate, certainly, given what we're seeing in the real estate market there, that appears like it will slow down a little bit again in the second half of the year. Somewhat driven by what we're seeing in the capital markets side of that business as well. And so with the slowdown in deals happening and rates rising, that's just as a natural slowdown there. And so I just think you go asset class by asset class, it just feels as though we'll see a little bit of moderation as we go through the rest of the year.
Charlie Scharf: Hey, Ken, this is Charlie. Let me take that. The way we think about it is as we sit and look towards next year, we certainly know we have some increases to contend with, such as the full year impact of inflationary pressures that we see this year. And we know we've got some increases in FDIC insurance premiums. But as we start thinking about next year, and we really just starting the budget process, our mindset going into it is that we have significant opportunities to become more efficient. We've been – and it's just more of the same in terms of what we've been talking about. And this has nothing to do with getting efficiencies out of the risk-related work it assumes that all of that investment continues. But we do go into this process with the expectation that we want to see net expense reductions. Now, just usual caveats that excludes revenue-related expenses, which could go up or some of this – the lumpiness that we've talked about, just as we think – but as we think about that core expense base, we do continue to see opportunities, and we'd like you to see it as well.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah. Hey, John, it's Charlie. Why don't I start and then Mike can chime in. Yeah. I mean, I think your – no question, we – clarity of SCB for us at this point does really help. As we sit here today and we look at what's happening in spreads and what's happening with the 10 year that was at 292 right now. But we do want to be a little bit just conservative in terms of how we think about managing the capital base. So just to be – I think to be clear, as we sit here today, we're very happy with the amount of capital that we have, including, as we think about that 10 basis points increase that will impact us. We certainly have capacity to buy shares back at this point. And as I think Mike alluded to, we just probably want to wait a little bit just to see what happens in terms of the volatility in spreads and rates before we start to do that. But we certainly at a point, we'll do it. We'll just see exactly when that is.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. What we said a couple of times was that we thought it was possible that it was going to increase, and it did. Now you have to keep in mind, like we only have so much visibility into the underlying drivers of what causes it to go up or down in any given year. Now there's a lot of stuff that's public, but there's also a lot of a lot of the modeling techniques that aren’t quite easy to understand. And so, I would say we were pleased with the result, and we spent -- as many do probably, we spend a lot of time on trying to understand the drivers of the risk of the balance sheet and do our best to have positioned ourselves for good outcomes. And so, we were pleased at where it came out.
Charlie Scharf: Well, as you think about the process we go through, which I think is similar to most in a lot of ways, is you're really looking at a number of scenarios that you need to be thoughtful about and include in your modeling. And we've now, for a number of quarters in a row, have had a significant weighting on the downside scenario already. And some of those scenarios are pretty severe, right? And so you've got waitings on what some might term wild recession, more severe recessions, so you could create a lot of labels for them. But it's a number of scenarios that have different severities of downside. And so, we feel at this point that we've captured what we can look at and see or anticipate at this point based on all the factors that we need to evaluate in our current reserves. And I'll just point out also, as you look at us in the position we're in, yes, we didn't take down all of the reserves that we put up during COVID. And so as you sort of look through each of the underlying asset classes, we feel what we have today is appropriate. It's hard to see in the near term increasing them to the level that we had back in the pandemic. But I think that's a hard thing to see at this point. But I think we'll have to make sure as things evolve throughout the next couple of quarters. we'll have to incorporate that. But again, we already have a pretty significant weighting on those downside scenarios already. And it's a very -- as you would imagine, a very robust conversation that we go through each quarter to evaluate how we feel about it. And at this point, we feel it's appropriate for what we can see over the life of those loans.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Yes, Erika, I think that's a really hard thing to give a pinpoint number on at this point in the cycle, to be honest with you. And if you think about -- and it's -- there's so many moving pieces right now, I think, between -- particularly as you sort of get to year-end and the pace of rates? And what exactly is the Fed going to do and when are they going to do it? And so I think there's a lot that goes into that, that trying to get a -- one number is a hard thing to say with a lot of confidence in my view. I think what we can say though is as you look at the next couple of rate rises, I think you're going to start to see more acceleration. On the retail and the consumer side, the core -- deposit core rates haven't changed much for the big banks at this point yet. So you'll start to see that happen over the next couple of rate rises, the betas will still be pretty small. However, that will start to pick up just depending on how fast the Fed goes by year-end. And then I think on the other side of the spectrum on the corporate investment bank and those deposits, whether it's in the FI space or the large corporate space, you're seeing those betas pick up a lot already. So those will continue to accelerate. And so when you look at cumulative betas, you really have to look at and you start to compare different banks, you're really going to have to look at the mix of the deposits. And the CIB deposits are just a much smaller piece of the pie for us right now. And those are going to -- those will probably move faster than even we've modeled, but it's a small piece of it. So I think we'll see how it goes, and we'll give you as much insight as we can. But I think trying to predict cumulative betas by year-end is hard.
Charlie Scharf: This is Charlie. Let me take a shot at this first. Listen, I think we have the work we're doing on all of the risk and infrastructure work, which supports the regulatory matters. It's our own headcount. It's professional. It's a bunch of technology work. It really cuts across a whole series of lines. And I just don't really think it's the right time for us to start even talking about where those saves could come from. And it's just genuinely not on a radar screen in terms of what we're thinking about where it's going to go or anything like that. So I'd rather just defer the question at this point.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. Yes. And that was, by the way, not meant to be a new comment. That's something that we've been doing ever since I got here, and we brought a new management, including Kristy Fercho, who runs the business. And I mean, if you just go back and look at how big we were in the mortgage business, we were a hell of a lot bigger than we are today. And so we have been all along just reassessing what makes sense for us to do, how big we want to be both in the context of what our focus should be in terms of our primary focus should be on service -- serving our own customer base -- and then to the extent that we have efficiencies, would it makes sense for us to do other business. But I guess my point was we're not interested in being extraordinarily large in the mortgage business just for the sake of being in the mortgage business. We're in the home lending business because we think home lending is an important product for us to talk to our customers about. And that will ultimately dictate the appropriate size of it. And so I would just -- when you look at how much we're originating versus the size of our servicing business. The servicing business over time will become smaller. And I think that's a smart and good thing for us for many reasons. And as I said, we're just going to -- we're going to focus on products that make sense for us in the context of where we can make money over the cycles, given all of the complexities and all the requirements that banks have that not necessarily everyone else have and make sure we're getting the right returns for it.
Charlie Scharf: No, yes. No, I would -- I mean, listen, we're still -- I would still assume that a substantial amount of our mortgage production would be eligible for sale. And whether it's through the agencies or through public market, that's all options that we want to continue. And so we'll still be originating mortgages across the spectrum, some of which will keep on balance sheet when it makes sense and others of which we'll sell, and we will have an MSR. Again, if you just look at how much we originated historically versus what we're originating today, it will naturally just come down over time.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. So Mike Weinbach, who had come in to run our home lending businesses. Put a whole series of things in place, including if you look at the leadership across all of our card business, our home lending business, our personal lending business in our auto business, all those -- that's an entirely new management team, plus new heads of -- I can go through all the other functions as well. And Mike put that in place, and we talked about it and he wanted to do something different. And so we're lucky enough to have a gentleman named Kleber Santos, who joined us 1.5 years to two years ago. Background he was a Capital One prior to that and McKinsey prior to that, and Kelber and I have worked extremely closely together and just thrilled to have him in that role. And so I think I wouldn't expect to see significant changes in the things that we've spoken about. We're focused on continuing the product build-out on the credit card side, again, focusing on customers that are broader customers in the franchise. Building our customer service around that and building out our digital capabilities and all the other parts of the business, which is work that we have underway. So I don't anticipate any material changes from where we are just with continued trends and the things that we've been talking about.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. Let me start, Mike. And Mike and I are both very involved in these conversations with Barry and his team I think if you look at our wealth business, it's run entirely different today than it was several years ago. We had separate platforms historically here between our brokerage business. We had two different private banks that operated under two different brands. We had our bank channel. And then completely separately, we had a digital platform, and we had a platform or advisers that wanted to go independent. The digital platforms and the platform for independent advisers had very little investment in it. And those would run -- but all of those businesses, they were run as separate businesses with separate product platforms and separate technology. And so what we've done is we now have one set of products and service capabilities that all of those product lines have access to. And we've combined the entire field under one leader. And we're investing in our digital capabilities, and we're investing in the capabilities of those that want to go independent. So if they want to do that, they can stay here as opposed to elsewhere. We are building out capabilities across all the dimensions from the investment capabilities to the banking capabilities, our lending capabilities, offering trust in the other areas of distribution that didn't have access to those in the past. And so it's a huge set of changes, which also bring with it a set of changes in the back end, which we're going to move -- we're moving towards common platforms. And it's something we're really excited about, and we're just at the beginning of seeing the benefits of it. And I think it's one of the things that will make us appear to -- for our financial advisers, it’s been extremely attractive place to be, whether they want to be an employee and work for Wells Fargo or they want to be independent and access our capabilities.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. I would say -- yes, just not expand even further, Betsy. It's really a combination of the advisers and the products that Berry has to offer in our wealth management business. It is also leveraging the lending products that Clover is now responsible for, including credit card and including mortgage and potentially, auto and some other things there. In integrated offering with Mary's bank customers who are affluent. So it's an offering across all of our product sets directed in a much more segmented way than we've ever done in the past. And so we're extremely excited about it, and we'll be talking more about things that were capabilities that were going to be rolling out throughout the year.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. This is Charlie, Matt. First of all, our targeted customer, those that we want to have a broader relationship with. What we have said is that as we've rolled out this new product set, when you look at the credit quality of the borrowers and the spenders that we have been giving our new cards due to the credit quality is actually stronger than it had been historically. And it still is either on target or stronger than we would have modeled for when we rolled the products out. It's just we're not competing on credit terms. We're not competing in any way, shape or form in terms of that. We just want to have a quality offering, we would expect it to be a high-quality card customer that we can do other things with across our franchise.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, I think you can get some of that in the Q, Matt, you got to go a little deep into the queue, but you can get some of that in the distribution table in the Q.
Charlie Scharf: All right, everyone. Thank you very much. We appreciate everything and we look forward to talking to you all. Take care.
