John Stumpf: No. I wouldn't read that into it. We're always looking at our portfolios and what makes sense, but no, I wouldn't go -- that's not our intention.
John Stumpf: But I'd also say, John, there are some additional costs because of regulatory reform and some of the consent order that we had to build into our thinking there.
John Stumpf: And John, most of our international business, first of all, it's a very small percentage of our revenue. But as Tim mentioned, it's a business we like a lot. It's a correspondent business for central and international commercial banks. And it's highly biased or skewed towards foreign exchange, trade and those kinds of things, but it's a very small piece of our overall company.
John Stumpf: John, I think of it this way. We have a NIM around 4% now in probably one of the toughest environments I've ever seen. I mean, there's very tepid loan demand. We are winning new relationships, but you got to run pretty hard just to cover the runoff of some things that we'd like to see run off. And this wonderful deposit franchise we have is, I think, really undervalued in today's economic times. So these are pretty tough headwinds and we're doing pretty well in that. And we're also sitting on almost $90 billion of liquidity that's -- we're not even earning the cost of our deposits on that. So I mean, we have some real dry powder here, if you will.
John Stumpf: Matt, I'm little confused. I thought the big banks we compete with have a bigger delta between I and III, but...
John Stumpf: If there -- we're always looking at that, but we're not going to do anything stupid or anything that doesn't make business sense. I don't worry about us getting to whatever our number will be. We're growing capital very quickly now, and we're going to do the right thing for the business and for our customers. And I wouldn't do something different just because I'm trying to figure out some way to narrow that gap or that we have a challenge getting to that number.
John Stumpf: It's not necessarily by geography different, but surely, difference based on the kind of business it is. Those who have commodities that they're selling, as commodity prices go up or down, you'll see more inventory financing. Agriculture, we're the largest U.S. lender to agriculture and people putting crops in and doing things and buying fertilizer, we're financing. That's just more, I would say, business-specific or industry-specific as opposed to geography-specific.
John Stumpf: Wells Fargo has always had this bias and view of strong capital. We even did that before Basel -- I even knew where Basel was or anything about the accords. And that's the history of the company, and what it gives you is the financial flexibility to do a Wachovia or do strategic things that really are important at a time when that capital really matters then. But we'll have to see what the numbers are and what the rules are and how it all comes down. So it's a little too early to comment on that. But again, just we've got another 6 quarters or so before the start of 2013, and I just don't see this as a big issue.
John Stumpf: Okay. Again, so let's start with the idea that we like a strong capital position. It's part of our history. We have some instruments, some hybrids that are not going to fit into the capital regime going forward. And at an appropriate time, and it'll take a process, we will look to deal with those, eliminate some of those. And then the key will be how do you deploy your capital? And I think the first call on capital -- or one of the calls is to support the business. We think we're a growth business. And acquisitions are a part of that, but also organic growth is also part of it, adding people, adding distribution capabilities and so forth. I've said this publicly, the acquisitions that look most opportunistic or promising would be help build out our Wealth, Brokerage, Retirement area. We like that business a lot. We have opportunities to gain share there and have that share be more relative to the share we have in the business, compared to our deposit business. We have opportunities, I think, in the insurance distribution business. We could -- so there's just opportunities like that. With respect to -- and then the rest should be once you get to your numbers, should be returned to shareholders. It's their capital. It's your capital. And we'll do that through -- there's an annual process now to -- with our regulator. And then we'll also -- and part of that is dividends and part of that is stock repurchase, which we've done some in the first half of the year. And so you should expect that we have a strong bias to return capital to shareholders if we can't use it internally or don't need it.
John Stumpf: Well, I won't talk about how it was reached, but I'll talk about how it was -- first of all, think of that as securities. So you've got to separate reps and warranties kinds of settlements and litigation from securities law. This related to securities issues, and it's a settlement that involves most of the purchasers of those securities. You first have to think. So let's think about first of all, securities and then think about reps and warranties. But everything starts with the quality of the portfolio. So you go to Page 20 and look at that portfolio and look at the dichotomy, the differences. And remember, in our numbers, and the 7.2 is also some of the stuff that's on balance sheet. Pick-a-Pay, which is in that. So if you took that out, it'd even be a better number of what we sold. So how I think about the reps and warranties side, the portfolio is different than our competitors. Some of the riskiest or more problematic portfolios we have on balance sheet. And we've dealt with the rep and warranty cost through our PCI process. So we don't live that way. And in our $125 million, it's still a lot of money.
John Stumpf: Yes, I would think of it that way. First of all let me just say, on the loans that have an option to them, about 56%. So less than 60% overall today has the Pay option, if you will. And that's down substantially from where it was when we started out. But some of these customers are -- these portfolios were built earlier. The average loan balance is in the 200 range for the ones that were not marked, if you will. And about 1,000 for the ones that were marked. So this will probably behave much like a real estate first mortgage portfolio as it is over time. So there will be a tail here.
John Stumpf: Nancy, I've been convinced for 25 years now that distribution matters. And we were convinced that when people were saying it didn't matter and it wouldn't be around anymore. And now you're having people -- then, everybody said this was just mere [ph], and now you're kind of getting some saying it doesn't [indiscernible]. We think it does. And you should expect more stores, net stores, we're still opening stores. And you should expect more people in the stores in the East. I mean, that's -- we wouldn't be growing the accounts that we are without it. So now that does not mean the store make up might not change. We continue to innovate. I mean today, we have about 5 billion retail transactions a year. And 2.5 billion, half of those, are online. Another 300 million or 400 million are on mobiles. I mean, so we continue to innovate and change. In the store design make up, what we do there, we continue to think about that. But distribution matters big-time.
John Stumpf: I think what we should think about that is that our portfolio is different from others. And we're very proud of the prudence we had. We didn't do everything right, but the prudence we had. And we tell the Wells Fargo story in plain English when we have those kind of discussions.
John Stumpf: We say it in plain English.  Thank you very much. Very much appreciate all of you on the phone. And we will see you next quarter at this time. Thank you very much.
Timothy Sloan: And Betsy, I would just reinforce that the $11 billion target that we set for the fourth quarter of next year assumes revenue growth. We believe that we can achieve that target by continuing to grow our revenues.
Timothy Sloan: And Betsy, just let me highlight that. Nothing -- revenues remains king around here. And we think that by becoming more efficient, we actually can grow revenue faster. We'll be more competitive on the Street, so -- and we have, as Tim mentioned in his comments, we have assumed in these numbers, adding more people, putting more feet on the street. And if we see some opportunity between now and the end of 2012, we'll even do more.
Timothy Sloan: Well, I think that the key for the business is to continue to grow loans. And we were able to grow loans on a sequential basis, particularly in our wholesale portfolios in the quarter, which was really exciting. We saw a decline in the rate of the drop off in the non-core, nonstrategic portfolios. I think in addition as we mentioned, we purchased about $18 billion of AFS securities, high-quality short-duration assets toward the end of the quarter. We'll continue to look for those types of opportunities. And it's also likely that we'll hold more mortgages that we originate on the sheet.
Timothy Sloan: No. We don't have a good estimate for that right now because we're not 100% sure what jumbo origination would be in terms of that mortgage class. But it's likely that we're going to hold more mortgages on the balance sheet than we did in the second quarter.
Timothy Sloan: Sure. Right now, we have $3.2 billion of exposure to the countries affectionately called PIIGS. Most of it -- very little of that exposure is sovereign risk. Most of it's the corporates and bonds. Having said that, one of the real benefits from putting Wells Fargo and Wachovia together was growing our international presence. And our GFITS business is a terrific business. And we'll continue to grow Internationally, but we'd want to do it in a way where we take appropriate credit risk and deal with the right customers.
Timothy Sloan: Well, here's how I think about that. First, I'm not going to speculate on the ultimate outcome of the discussion with the AGs and the Department of Justice. But the reserves, the litigation reserves we have today, reflect our best estimate of the estimable and probable outcomes of the discussions and conversations we've had. And remember in addition to that, we've also written down the MSR by $2.5 billion to reflect the future costs of servicing those mortgages. And we, of course, have a loan loss reserve that we believe is adequate considering all the discussions we've had. So think of it in those 3 ways. It's our best estimate for what we know today.
Timothy Sloan: Well, I think that the key leverage we have is just to continue to grow loans. I mean, we've got -- we've really grown relationships, we've talked about the success of the merger integration. And so that's number one. I think number two, as we talked about in the past, to the extent that rates rise a bit, we'll invest at a faster pace than we're investing our excess liquidity today. Having said that, as we mentioned in the second quarter, we took advantage of some short-duration assets that we found attractive. Again, these are high-quality, well-underwritten. We'll continue to do that.
Timothy Sloan: And John, just the final point, and that is when you look at one of the reasons that our liability costs came down, it was because we repurchased some drops. As I mentioned, we'll continue to repurchase drops in the second half of the year, as well as the fact that we've got about $20 billion of debt that's going to mature in the second half of the year. And I think we'll reduce our funding cost there too.
Timothy Sloan: Yes. It's not back-ended, and it's probably not going to be front-ended. I don't know if it's going to be at a straight line, but it's probably going to be closer to a continued quarterly reduction, like we've shown for the last couple of quarters, than anything else. Though again, I'd highlight that we could have some seasonal impacts. But the important thing, Matt, is you shouldn't expect the expenses to be flat and then all of a sudden, we'll just have a big drop in the fourth quarter next year. We're going to continue each quarter to reduce our expenses and work hard at doing that.
Timothy Sloan: Yes. Matt, I'll take you at your word that it's about 1.8%. But the way that we think about it is that historically, Wells Fargo has always felt that it's important to have adequate capital. That's one of the reasons why we got through the downturn as well as we did. So we've been competing against the regional banks, other smaller regional banks with more capital. And we don't believe that's a big issue. I think that the difference is specifically between our sheet, and each bank is just going to be kind of bank by bank.
Timothy Sloan: You're right, Matt. When you look at the PCI accretable yield, it was down about $1 billion from the first to the second quarter. About half of that was reduction -- was the normal accretion which we recognized in NII this quarter. The other half was due to a decline in our expected cash flows. This decline was driven by, primarily by Pick-a-Pay. Again, we'll call these our lifetime estimates. We update these quarterly. They can be affected by interest rates, liquidation timing, loan modification activity. I think the important thing to remember is that the projected accretion is still significantly better than we had at acquisition. At acquisition, we thought this would be about $10.4 billion. We're at $14.9 billion this quarter. So even after netting out the $6.1 billion of accretion we've recognized since the merger, we're still higher.
Timothy Sloan: Yes. We did address loan demand. Our loans were up sequentially from the first to the second quarter by $766 million. The core loan portfolio grew $5.8 billion from the first quarter. The loan growth was strongest in our commercial portfolio at $7.5 billion, which is up about 2% from the quarter. And then the runoff of the liquidating portfolio was down about $5 billion. And one of the areas that we grew -- I think we got an award actually, in the second quarter for the SBA who is our small business area. And those loans were up. Small business or SBA.
Timothy Sloan: We saw loan demand consistent throughout the quarter. Overall. Every area is going to be a little different, but overall loan demand was pretty consistent. And I think that just -- that reflects the balance of our diversified model. We're not dependent on one specific area, which is pretty exciting.
Timothy Sloan: Fred, we did get more information since the last call. And now the beta ask [ph] seems to be between the 1% and 2.5%. And they also shared, as you've all read, some of the criteria that gets you closer to the 1% or closer to 2.5% based on size, interconnectedness, complexity. On some of those measures, we don't even hit the scale. We're so -- whatever the opposite of interconnected is, not connected and not complex. So we've not been told our number, and we'll know more as you'll know more. But my expectation is that whatever the number is, I'm expecting it to be in the low to moderate side. And whatever you add that to the 7%, I just don't see this is an issue for us, as I mentioned in my comments. And we can't wait here to return more capital to our shareholders, our very loyal stockholders for a long time. And if you think of the kind of earnings we have today and the capital accumulation. I mean, you can just do your own math. This is just not a big issue for us as I see it today.
Timothy Sloan: Sure. So we have something in the range of 28 million plus retail checking accounts, and the penetration of credit cards in the East is about 14.5% of our retail checking accounts have a credit card. It's 2.5 or 3x more than that on the West. We think there's huge opportunity here. And I can't wait to get a credit card in every one of our customers, our credit-worthy customers' wallets. And not only get in there, to be the dominant card or the primary card. So I think there's huge organic opportunity here. We like that business from a customer perspective, and not only for the transaction volume that they do. But it's a good -- it's another payments product. So we think there's big opportunity. And again, we're growing checking accounts also very quickly. So as we're catching the train, the train is also moving here, which is a good thing. Net checking accounts are up, on the retail side, 7% year-over-year. Those are big numbers because it's off a big base.
Timothy Sloan: Yes, a good question. I think the first point is that we do not see much line utilization, which makes the growth that much more impressive from my perspective, that's number one. Number two, it was really broad based across the entire wholesale platform. We saw it in commercial banking, real estate, corporate banking, capital finance, asset-backed finance and international. So it was good that it wasn't just based upon line utilization, and it was great that it was broad based.
Timothy Sloan: You know what, it's competitive out there. I mean, it's always going to be competitive. I think that depending upon the business, it's probably a little bit more competitive than others. It's probably a bit more competitive at the high end in some of the large corporate when there's investment banking opportunities, but it's certainly a very reasonable environment. We like our chances in this environment, given how much we've grown customers over the last couple of years because we were there for people when things were a little bit tough.
Timothy Sloan: Absolutely. Yes. I mean, we're trying to, any time we have an opportunity to modify a loan on a makes-sense basis for a customer and for us, we're going to do it. And we'll continue to do that. I think that's one of the reasons why the portfolio continues to perform better than our initial expectations because we got at it very quickly.
Timothy Sloan: Well, most of it's -- very little going is going to come from frontline branch activity. And let me just go back, we've been working on Project Compass for a year. And one of the reasons why we started a year ago is because we wanted to make sure that it was a bottoms-up process. So it was focused on improving how our team members do their jobs and how they interact with our customers, right. It's not hard to reduce expenses at the expense of revenue, right. And we're just not going to do that. We want to continue to grow revenue during this time period. So when you think about Project Compass, I would think about in a reduction in merger integration expenses, we're nearing the tail end of the merger. It's costing us between $400 million and $500 million a quarter. Then you think about the reduction in loss mitigation expenses, and then it's going to come much more from staff and back-office type functions as opposed to the frontline. We want to continue to invest in our frontline bankers and stores as we've done in the East, in our relationship managers in wholesale and our financial advisors in Wealth, Brokerage and Retirement to take advantage of the opportunities we have out there.
