John Stumpf: So that’s probably true and it also has a lot to do with what we choose to do with the access deposits or frankly access funding as it sits on our balance sheet. We’re making choices between leaving that liquidity in cash equivalents setting at the Fed or deploying it in the HQLA or loans for that matter if there enough demand for it or other assets with yields. And we’re making those determinations based on how we feel about entry points in the market and what we think it does to our capital sensitivity in the event of a backup subsequently and it’s those types of choices that are going to drive us to increase the all-in yield on the west side of the balance sheet, whether the funding is coming from deposits or from term funding.
John Stumpf: It’s possible. On both of the measures we think we end up at the low-end of the risk-adjusted spectrum in terms of the bad outcomes that occur. And that might give us an opportunity to do a little bit more for our customers if they needed and if the risk-adjusted returns are appropriate. I think that the -- we’re all waiting to see what happens to the returns in those businesses based on the actions taken by people who are constrained by both of those -- who are more constrained by both of those new ratios. What it means for pricing, what it means for our customer behavior et cetera. But we’re happy with the approach that we’ve taken and we’re here to serve the customers that we have. And, but you are right, we’re probably at the more advantaged end of the spectrum with respect to both of those measures.
John Stumpf: Sure. Well, there are variety of different businesses that contribute to those results. So the big drivers would be our -- the venture activity that we have, the Norwest Venture Partners, it would be the activity of investment banking where we’ve got customer combination trading. It’s the impact of the hedging that we do for our deferred comp program and then there is, at least in this quarter and probably in future quarters some amount of balance sheet management on the debt portfolio. And they all contribute. So it’s a diversified set of investments, different drivers in each case, some of them are more sensitive to where we are in the rate cycles, some of them are more sensitive to where we are in the equity valuation cycle. But they’ve contributed more or less you’ll call it 4%, 5% to 7% or 8% over a number of quarters. And there isn’t one thing that I would hang on, I’d think of them as being core to our business results in different ways, but over the long-term.
John Stumpf: They are part of what’s a broader set of diversified non-interest income whatever it is. So whether they’re contributing 4% or 7% as it has been in recent history and how they work in sync with all of the other things that are going on in terms of customer facing fee generating activity that is the diversified model. And as I mentioned, some of them are more interest rate sensitive and were in a low rate environment, so there is higher unrealized gains. Some of them are levered to equity markets and exit strategies for portfolio investments. But I would think of them as part of the broader mix of diversified non-interest income sources.
John Stumpf: We’re always trying to be as efficient as we can to make sure that we have the resources available to deliver what customers need. And of course as we’ve mentioned, we’re at a time when the focus in the investment, in the risk management area is very high. So we’re working constantly to try and be as efficient as we can and in areas where it won’t impact customers and where it doesn’t hinder us in terms of our risk management activity. Some examples, which we’ve talked about a little bit before are really in other areas, for example the space that we consume, the way we think about our purchasing, the technology that we use et cetera. We can always be a little bit more efficient. And it’s a constant job here to try and make the most of that.
John Stumpf: I think we are pulling the continuous improvement cord and in part, because we’re spending more in compliance and risk management, like we’re spending more in our -- in the customer experience and our customer facing activity. But in order to afford both of those things, we have to be really vigilant around the business as usual expenses; and that’s continuous improvement.
John Stumpf: It had come down; it bounced back up. Our sense is that trajectory is going to be reduced over the longer ark of the mortgage servicing cycle; it’s going to be hard to forecast it quarter-to-quarter. So I wouldn’t expect it as low as it’s been for the last couple of quarters, this maybe a more average quarter. And over some period of time as the level of non-performing loans, foreclosed assets et cetera begins to abate then you’d expect that to raced itself down, but this is probably a relatively normal level.
John Stumpf: There is always more that we can do with improved and more focus on data and modeling. But you could come to a point where just because of the nature of our assets, loans and securities that attract the risk weights that they do that were constrained on the standardized side. So, and we mentioned that they are converging, they are very close together right now in terms of the RWA calculation. But the takeaway is that our capital level did increase a little bit in the quarter under the advanced approach. And in spite of that, we’re still earning north of 13% as an ROA, which we’re very proud of.
John Stumpf: Tough to say. As we said in Investor Day, this is probably in excess of the buffer that we might have imagined when we originally vectored in toward our regulatory capital levels. And it’s really a function of CCAR and some of the assumptions that are made in the CCAR process as it is applied. So as we go from CCAR to CCAR and we present our starting capital point, we present our expected capital generation and our capital actions and what they yield in terms of capital levels, we’re trying to manage that as appropriately as we can to got the right amount of return back to shareholders, which we believe that we’ve done at a 66% payout ratio. But it’s an art form because of all of the inputs and the other actors in the process.
John Stumpf: So I think we’re in a period where big banks are trying to figure out what the right buffer is as a result of our own internal stress testing and the expectations on G-SIBs in particular. So we’re in the phase. We feel great about where we are right now. Nobody has mentioned [deal lack] yet, but there is some work to do to figure out where we’re going on that front and how that -- what the interplay is between liquidity we’ve already built and what future requirements are going to be. So I think that heavy lifting is probably behind us for the time being. But I wouldn’t say that we’re stopped.
John Stumpf: I don’t know which of those two drove the 10 basis-point drop in this quarter or who was a greater contributor to that drop in this quarter. It is a competitive environment out there. We’re happy to be able to have a full toolkit when we square off with our commercial customers because we’re in a position to earn more of their business and to generate more of a return on the risk capital that’s associated with the loan that we’re going to make. We contrast ourselves with some other firms that we compete with who are getting paid primarily from the loan yield itself enough from the broader relationship. So we like our competitive stance in that range. We have backed away from the table in some situations, not so much on price, but where we see credit or terms getting a little bit frothy, because that’s another lever that people pull in order to compete for these types of assets.
John Stumpf: I think at some level, it’s got to be stabilized by the marginal player who is only getting a return from the asset itself, because there are levels below which they can’t go, because they’re not going to generate a sufficient return on capital. And they have no other cards to play in terms of generating relationship returns by providing product or service. And some of the smaller banks who participate in those markets would be examples of that.
John Stumpf: Well, speaking for market share gains, it depends on which column in that slide you’re talking about. We have leading market share and our increasing share in some of those businesses; and some of them, they might include examples of businesses where we’ve chosen to slow down a little bit, if the competition’s got racy. So it’s a combination of things, of both market share growth and of the size of the market increasing. So, Joe, if you look at more than just commercial customers broadly, there has actually been fairly good activity, now there has been volatility lately in the market, but if you look auto sales and we participate in that business of course, August was the biggest sales month, maybe in I don’t know how many years. Consumers, our credit card activities are increasing. We’re doing -- we had growth in our mortgage portfolio. So, it’s very broad-based. And when I’m out calling customers, corporate customers, middle-market customers, there seems to be more -- at least more discussion about activity. And the marketplace is not totally ubiquitous; there is places that are stronger, and energy for example and those places are really doing well; [Agus] having a pretty good year; technology. It depends on what part the requirement is. But core I see and I hear more optimism than I heard a year ago for example.
John Stumpf: Yes, as you know, we are participating in that. And there are I think 7 million to 8 million [terminals] merchants out of the marketplace and only a few hundred thousand have the NFC chip in them and that you need that the near field communication chip. So, this will take, there will be an adoption but we’re pleased and excited on behalf of our customers to participate in that. And it will evolve over time.
John Stumpf: There is still a lot to know. We’re seeing similar headline numbers, maybe a little bit lower, 19.5 to 23.5. And this is all research that’s been published based on information that’s in the market that hasn’t beneficially sanctioned. So who knows? And over what period of time it has to get phased in is unknown. What counts, what doesn’t count among your existing capital structure is unknown. What -- which entities that you issue out of and whether there are going to be caps on those types of things. So there is a handful of questions that are unknown. Our sense is that we’re going to end up at the lower end of the range. We calculate that we probably have about 18% today that qualifies and for the end up having the issue we’ll probably be issuing a form of senior unsecured mostly Holdco debt. And it will happen over some period of time. And it will end up being an earnings drag because we’ll issue that debt and pay our corporate spread and we’ll take that cash and we’ll reinvest it in some more yielding either HQLA or equivalent. And it will become a new part of the cost structure and capital structure of bank. So, my short answer is there is still a lot to know, but we’ll deal with it when it comes and it doesn’t seem instrumental.
John Stumpf: It doesn’t matter to us in our current business model because we don’t securitize our auto loans; we own 100% of the risk on every one of them. And frankly in the auto loan securitization business for those who do use securitization that’s the general business model which is that people own the bottom of the capital structure and retain their own risk which is different than mortgage, but that’s how auto finance companies generally works. I don’t think that’s going to have a real impact on Wells Fargo.
John Stumpf: Well, to the extent that it makes harder for other people to compete and that could be there for Wells Fargo.
John Stumpf: Well I would say, I don’t know that’s valued so much. I think the bigger part of the credit box right now to open up would be a better understanding of repurchase risk. And we’re doing a lot of work with folks and the government about that issue. I think that influenced it more than value of homes. Although values are important, but because your credit overlays today are not related to values, they’re related to in many cases repurchase risks.
John Stumpf: Yes, exactly. There has to be, I think it’s helpful to America to American homeowners, perspective homeowners to the agencies and to originators that there is a understanding of when risk transfers. Now, if the originator does a poor job and doesn’t underwrite properly, surly they should be held accountable. But if a default happens later and due to a technical issue unrelated to the payment ability of the customer that could have been known then risk should transfer. And whenever that period of time is, I think that would be helpful. And there are a number of Americans who want to buy home, can afford to buy home, who simply can get credit.
John Stumpf: Well, it would surely change. It would really the change the way we look at overlays. And I’m not saying it is, could have changes to market, but those every home that gets sold that satisfies a customers need not only fulfills a dream, but a dollar spent on a home multiply through the economy like no other thing that we do, I mean a loan to a small business, we love it, do a lot, but a loan to homeowner is magical in that respect. So every time we can serve another customer, good things happen.
John Stumpf: In fact Mike I’m going to bed earlier these days, so I can even dream longer about them. I still just love checking, and here is why. But it’s a good question, it’s a serious question. First of all, when an account comes like we grew net primary checking accounts 4.9% on the consumer side and 5.6% on the business side, they don’t come alone, they come with a relationship. And the increases you are seeing and debit card activity and credit card, we almost have 40% of our customers now carry our credit card that was 22% in 2009, and they do other things with us. And secondly, you know how expensive it is to bill liquidity for the LCR and other things; deposits are hugely important in that. So, now the love affair has not ended and we won’t be in this environment forever. But if we can serve customers for a long time that feels like even we’d love that.
John Stumpf: I’ll give you -- let me give you kind of a high level and then I’ll try to answer your question specifically. When we -- if you go back five, six years, we had about 116 million or 117 million square feet and that was not only for our stores but for all of our people; today that’s in the 93 million, 94 million square foot range. We still think we have quite ways to go. We have 6,200 banking stores and we have another couple of thousand other advisor and mortgage stores but let’s just talk about the banking stores for a second. We try to refresh 500, 600 of those every year plus we are -- we’re at pretty steady state right now. We’re in that 6,200; we will replace two with the new one and relocate it. When we do refresh them, we will reduce in many case square footage or increase the density in the stores. I think you and I’ve actually had discussions about which is now a three stores in the Washington area where these are, I wouldn’t say stores of the future in terms of replace all of our 6,200 stores but they fit into the model where they are 1,000 to 1,200 square feet; during the day time it’s a full functioning store, night time the walls folding, it’s ATM best field 7X24; and so all of that matters in the mix. And the reason we are doing that is that we have found stores are still critically important to the overall distribution community and convenience we provide customers. So we will continue to march in this way; it doesn’t mean we’re going to replace every store, sometimes we are even adding space because it’s kind of a hub and spoke. So, it’s really a collage of store designs and activities that all fit into this. But you’re right with the idea of reducing overhead, reducing space we’re providing the convenience customers want.
John Stumpf: One thing that I would add to that is that our deposits are disproportionately core deposits, operational deposits, relationship types of deposits and less so institutional deposits from people who are probably more inclined to immediately shipped out as Fed does whatever they’re going to do to drain reserves in the system and to tighten monitory policy if that ever happen. And as a result, we feel like we’ve got a stickier deposit base. And all things being equal, if we were, it was a question of loosing deposits versus retaining them, we obviously have the ability to price our deposits to compete with whatever the alternative investment opportunity or savings opportunity is for our customers because we’re sitting here with a full service capability and lots of levers in the relationships that we have. So unlike some firms that probably have a higher percentage of institutional deposits that are seeking the last basis point of yield, I don’t think, I think we compare favorably in terms of deposits stickiness.
John Stumpf: That would actually be not that outcome at all because we would have less capital pressure on loan rates backing up on our bond portfolio and we’d be benefiting as loans and other LIBOR linked assets re-price on at the short-end. So, at least with respect to those two drivers of accounting outcomes, those would be favorable.
John Stumpf: Well, we’ve mentioned that this month’s elevated -- this quarter’s elevated level reflects primarily litigation accruals and as a result, there is not much more specific color we can offer except to point you to our crystal clear disclosure in our Qs and K that describe everything that’s probable and estimable and then sum. And it’s like anything else; it’s hard to know whether you’re cresting or not until you’re on the other side of it. So we feel this is a somewhat higher level than it’s been recently and we think it’s well disclosed.
John Stumpf: Well, it’s a complex decision; it involves our asset and liability and a lot of discussion among management from time to time. And the items that you just mentioned tend to be a little bit backward looking because you don’t know what a quarter’s loan growth is until it’s happened. Floating rate loan growth contributes to asset sensitivity. The governing factors probably what our capital sensitivity is to a back up in rates if we deploy into duration instruments and out of cash equivalents. And getting that right is important, so that we don’t find ourselves with higher rates that we’ve all always been waiting for and a higher level of economic activity which would probably mean more non-interest income generation and more loan growth, a lot of exciting activity and at the same time be damaging our capital to the point that we couldn’t take full advantage of it. And so that is one of those marginal drivers that probably caused us to be a little bit more in cash, a little bit more asset sensitive than -- versus being more fully invested today. 
John Stumpf: Well, it’s hard to know whether it’s sustainable because again that’s forward-looking. The reason that it’s happening is a result of the quality of our people, the quality of our products, the execution of our business model and just consistent application of the value proposition that we’re bringing. And it’s paying dividends like we thought that it would, hope that it would. If work goes in the future as a function of variety of inputs that are hard to know, but we like our competitive standing and so to the extent that we’re growing faster than our large and regional bank competition, we’re not surprised by and that’s what we expect.
John Stumpf: Well, there is no question that they can stay. The regulatory, the global regulatory community keeps apparently keeps adding on to both capital and liquidity requirements that are going to have the combined effect of changing business models, increasing operating costs or financing costs and then applying that to an increased denominator of equity in the ROE calculation. To an industry that broadly speaking other than Wells Fargo and perhaps some regional banks has not been over achieving in returns over the last couple of years. So, if you roll the tape forward, I assume that that gets mathematically worse before it gets betters unless a higher rate environment, a higher growth environment a real optimization on the part of the most impact banks in terms of changing their business model allows them to perform at a higher level. So, I think it is, it’s a consequence of what you’re describing, it is happening and we can’t talk or anybody else is going to deal with it. But we’ve, as I mentioned earlier, we’re proud to have to continue to generate a top of the peer group type of returns in spite of the amount of capital that we’re carrying and the ample liquidity that we’re carrying too.
John Stumpf: At this point in time the answer is no, because again virtually everything we do here starts with a customer. And we look at relationship value and pricing and different businesses have different returns and so forth. And we’re always thinking about adjusting like few -- last quarter we sold smaller insurance offices, doesn’t mean we don’t like interest business, we just -- but there is always things that are going on. But there is nothing in anything I see today that would say I can’t be in this business or we can’t be in that business; it relates to customers. 
John Stumpf: We’re the largest commercial real estate lender in the country. And as I’ve said in some place recently, you fly around; go in any city looks like a crane convention going on. I mean there is a lot of commercial activity going on and we serve that community and that sector of the economy. There is also housing is better than it has been in the past. So I think it reflects more the natural activity happening in the marketplace as opposed to us changing our strategy somehow. 
John Stumpf: Well, with respect to the first part of your question, we still do intend to sell those loans, can’t really comment on the specific to sales moving forward, progressing as expected. And what I can tell you is like any other fixed income asset category in this highly liquid environment there is plenty of interest. But in terms of whether it happens in the fourth quarter or later, I don’t want to be too specific. We remain very committed to private student lending and of course our student lending team now will be even more focused on our private business once we’ve sold the self loans. And with respect to whether demand after accounting for seasonality as you mentioned has changed or not changed. We are in a point in time when a very high number of people are already student borrowers and but it’s still one of the three or four most important things that are customers do, they buy a home, they buy a car, they finance their education and they save for retirement and we expect that to continue.
John Stumpf: Okay. I think we’re done with the call now. I want to first of all thank all of you for jointing us and thank our 265,000 team members across our company for an outstanding quarter. If you look at the drivers of long-term growth, loans, deposits, the capital, the liquidity we have, the household growth, it sure makes us optimistic about the future. We operate within our ROA, ROE and efficiency ratio targets that we had provided a couple of years ago. And we’re really proud that we return more capital to you our owners. So we’re well positioned for the future and we’ll see you in 90 days. Thank you very much everyone.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. Erika I said, to add to that, nothing that’s happening to-date and nothing that we see in the horizon will allow will get in our way or impede our way to help customers and to serve them. And I think that puts us in a very good position.
John Shrewsberry: Ken? And John mentioned that within those business decades, actually a lot of decades, 50 years, so this with respect to venture and equity partners, so these are long term businesses for us.
John Shrewsberry: And John, one of the strengths of the company of course is our continued ability to grow high quality, low cost core deposits, which is critical in all of this.
John Shrewsberry: I don’t know if that gets us back in the money refi scenario, but probably still some distance away from that. I think that it is meaningful than it’s more about the expectation that how long rates stay low because that will influence the decision to redeploy cash equivalents into assets with duration. And if you imagine that term rates are going to back up in the foreseeable future, just from a capital preservation perspective, you’re probably less likely to redeploy out of cash and into higher earning assets. And so that’s the calculus and the judgment that we make here relatively regularly and it feels frankly like the market is now discounting the idea that there is any sort of meaningful move up in rates in the 2015 timeframe. So if we’re going to be lower for longer, I think it means a lot for banks like ours and it could mean you have to be that much more vigilant on expenses. I think it means you have to think about how your assets are deployed and how much cash you think you really need to carry. And we’ll be conducting that balance between the risk to capital if rates back up and the risk to earnings if rates stay low or underinvested.
John Shrewsberry: I don’t know that we have absolute goal, but it will continue to go down. There are lots of opportunities and that’s going to be critical.
John Shrewsberry: I would say it’s unintended consequence of activity, I don’t know but so much on the regulation side, but it sure is. It can give us a cause to pause and other originators, we’re not unique in this. What you have repurchase request that go back 8 and 10 years and in many cases are things unrelated to the credit quality or the credit payment ability of the borrower at the time of the borrowing. We’ve put open ways on. Now we start to reduce a little of those if we start to understand more about repurchase, but it’s just, it is an unintended consequence. I don’t if it’s so much regulation as it is the activities of the GSEs.
John Shrewsberry: No, I actually think that we’re going to -- I’m hopeful we’re going to figure this out. We’re working with actually too many groups who are saying to us, this isn’t working for us. And we’re working with other originators, we’re working with the Mortgage Bankers’ Association, we’re working with the head of the FHFA, we’re working with the GSEs, we’re working with government agencies the Fed and others because we need to figure this out.
John Shrewsberry: Let me take a shot at that. Clearly money supply and what’s happening there has influence. But I can tell you our household growth; I think John mentioned in his numbers, August is the strongest we’ve seen in years. And because of where our store distribution and the geography of it, we happen to be in higher growth states. We happen to get a disproportionate growth of millennials and in emerging communities. So I can’t tell you what’s going to happen at the top of the house with M1 or M2 I’d would like that, but I’m confident about the way we run our retail franchise and the work we’re doing at wealth brokerage retirement. And frankly on the corporate side in winning new customers and growing not only existing accounts, but growing new accounts. And frankly that’s one of the reason stores are important. Our strongest growth is in areas where we have the best distribution of a store network not that it’s the only part of the distribution, but it’s a critical part for acquisition.
John Shrewsberry: Nancy it’s an interesting question and there is no question that there has been increases, some of them are settled and different issues be combining constraints and different ways. Of our business, 97% of our revenues come from the U.S. We love our international business, but we’re dominant -- our dominant part of our business is here that makes it a bit easier for us and the challenge and I think the opportunity for leadership is to make sure that we do both we meet or exceed the requirements on the capital liquidity and those side and also we continue to invest in things that attract team members to us, attract customers to us, be dynamic in the marketplace differentiating. And we’re so embedded in the real economy that the things we’re doing continue to allow us to grow that business. So, we can never predict the future, but that’s a challenge for us as leaders to do both.
