John Stumpf: So, there are variety of loan categories that deserves to be mentioned individually, but you know we are aggressively growing the card business with our existing deposit customers and percentage gains there will probably continue to be very strong. Autos in spite of the heat in that market and our public posture of wanting to maintain our credit discipline still are providing a big opportunity because so many cars are being sold. So and that’s a continued opportunity. Still a lot going on in commercial real estate and as you mentioned the GE Capital loans helped us late in the third quarter there. Jumbo loans on the residential side have been growing on the balance sheet at the same strong pace for a long time and we continue to – we expect to see that there. Across the C&I range, we mentioned several of the businesses that have slightly independent but all attractive growth prospects. The utilization of lines across the variety of corporate and commercial loan categories is still in the, call it mid to low 30s. So there is room for that improvement and we keep gathering new customers in those businesses as well. So, it’s really is coming from everywhere at attractive basis. 
John Stumpf: And with respect what there still might be to do with GE, there have been some portfolio sales that have been announced there since the one that we worked on. We are working as closely as we can with them. They are a great relationship of ours. There are our businesses that they are trying to dispose of that fit neatly with our expertise. Some things were going to be very competitive with and some because we are not expert in them will be less so. But we are working hard. We hope that that turns incremental opportunity to do more of what we’ve done on the commercial real estate side and we’ll be hearing about that in the coming months as their processes unfold. 
John Stumpf: Sure, so, I would describe the reduction in the principal balance as borrowers taking their balances down and just to conform with their borrowing base reductions and as I mentioned that was about $700 million of reduction in the second quarter. There was a lot of capital being raised in the first quarter; capital markets activity was very brisk in the first quarter. A little bit slower in the second quarter and a lot of that was equity coming in to stabilize balance sheets. It feels like that slow down just a little bit as people process what happened in the first quarter. So we don’t anticipate loan balances or new loan activity to be terribly brisk in terms of leading to higher outstandings at Wells Fargo in the second half of the year. But the market is acting very rationally. The market is acting very quickly. The opportunists are arriving at the door and trying to work things out, create business combinations and take advantage of the situation to resolve it. So, things are happening frankly a little bit faster than we might have anticipated sitting here six or eight months ago. 
John Stumpf: Well, it’s a combination of both and it’s tough to call out specifically what the regulators might have independently wanted that we wouldn’t have agreed to or gotten to on our own. I mean, the outcome is what it is and if we had about a $400 million increase to non-performing assets in energy for the quarter, which feels like it makes sense. And to the extent that some of those were very conservative estimations of NPA status I think and that will be recaptured in the back-end of the process when those loans get worked out which is fine. We had very nominal losses in the quarter and we’ll go into a fall re-determination for E&P companies as well and we’ll measure the performance of the midstream and services companies at the same time. We feel great about where our allowance is right now as you may recall they had an impact on our first quarter number even though that was pre re-determination and has an impact again on the second quarter number and who knows as the third and fourth quarter roll through, I am sure that there will be more loans that are at issue. The whole portfolio amounts to 2% of our loan portfolio, we feel very well reserved for where we are. We’ve got the best team in energy banking and our credit folks working through the portfolio. So, it’s - the impact here is relatively immaterial to Wells Fargo. And we as we called out in our comment, especially in a quarter like Q2, minor changes in our residential real estate portfolio have a tendency to dwarf whatever is going on in energy because 36% of the loan portfolio is in single-family real estate and 2% is in energy. 
John Stumpf: So, we are bumping along here at 30 basis points of annualized net losses on the total loan portfolio and as we called out in the past, we shouldn’t expect releases in any given quarter because it’s going to – the calculation heats quarter of the allowance is going to include the observed portfolio of the portfolio is going to include general economic conditions is going to include where the growth is coming from in the mix in the portfolio. So, I would not model in release of this magnitude going forward and of course, as we’ve said, we keep building our loan portfolio, you’d expect to see builds often – things being equal. Separately, we also called out in the case of GE, if we are growing our loan portfolio by acquiring loans, and we invoke purchase accounting, then that’s a complicating factor and whether the allowance is growing or not because the mark on the loans reflects the lifetime credit adjustment. So that’s a little complicated. But – so, and for our own internal purposes, of course there is an allocable component of the allowance that reflects what we think a loss – the inherent loss content is in the energy portfolio and that will grow or shrink depending on how the portfolio performs. And as I said, I would assume that the next couple of quarters how much better than the last quarter in terms of we are still resolving these issues, some of them are just coming to life for certain borrowers but it’s a very contained portion of our loan portfolio and the aggregate impact should not be material for Wells Fargo. 
John Stumpf: And to the point of entering new markets, well, we adjust our store footprint meaningfully every year by opening and closing stores where we see fit, I think as Carrie Tolstedt has described in our last Investor Day, we believe that we need a certain amount of scale in any urban market before we can really make a difference and we are in most of the markets that we like to be in, and of course we are not going to get there through acquisitions. So, it would seem unusual for us to commit to building, for example, hundreds and hundreds of stores in a new major urban center that we are not already a part of. So, I wouldn’t think about that as part of our next stage plan. 
John Stumpf: Sure, well, so the first call on our capital is for our customers, including prospective customers if we were going to add either an originator or acquirer portfolios of loans. I don’t think there is any accounting theory out there that would allow us to add loans without impacting common equity tier-1. I mean, it’s – that’s risk-weighted assets are what is for. So if we had a bigger opportunity to grow RWA faster and the way that we thought was very attractive for shareholders, then we would probably do that and if we need to do, for example, curtail distributions and for some period of time in order to retain the capital to create that outcome, then we would probably do that. As we’ve told people in our capital planning process and describing it, we want to keep as much capital as it’s appropriate and necessary to grow the business and that’s primarily by growing RWA and we want to distribute everything beyond that and which is about where we’ve been operating. So if there were a bigger RWA opportunity, we would measure where we were starting from, we would understand what sort of capital generation was going on at that time and it’s possible, we would end up retaining a little bit more in order to maintain satisfactory levels while growing assets. 
John Stumpf: Let me take the deposit side first and then John can do that. If you – one quarter does not make summer as one sparrow if you will, if you look at the last year, we grew average deposits b y almost $84 billion and our core loan portfolio grew $60 some billion, if you take our overall loan portfolio, it was in the $40 billion to $50 billion. So we actually outgrew deposits by some $20 billion or $30 billion on an annual basis. The first quarter is always kind of a funny quarter when you compare to the second quarter or second quarter to the first quarter because of the tax impact, because we have such a large retail deposit base. So, we look back, I think to 1945, I think all but one year, we grew deposit. So, whether we can outgrow or not outgrow, we sure like our opportunities continuing on the deposit side, because after all we are growing net new consumer checking accounts primary by 5.6% and on small business we are growing by 5.3% or 4%. These are the strongest numbers I’ve seen in the last couple of years in my history at the company. So these are very, very strong acquisition numbers.
John Stumpf: At both attracting retaining deposits and then back to Erika’s question about what happens in a backup, people who want to move away from Wells Fargo are moving away from that value proposition that’s provided to them basically for free in exchange for having their relationship at Wells Fargo.
John Stumpf: And, John the – but we're always, as you know us and you know us well, we continue to look for opportunities to simplify the business, streamline the work we do so we can repurpose those dollars into things that are important to customers, important to risk management, other things here. So the development that we are doing and image capture in our branches or our stores, the different things that we invest in payments, cyber and all the other things that we do, we are self-funding through being very thoughtful about where we spend our money.
John Stumpf: Yes, and Betsy we see this really is one of the most attractive growth opportunities in the company. If you think of how we are positioned as a broadly diversified company serving customers, one in three Americans, one way or another, Americans are living longer. They are probably convinced you have to be more reliant on their own resources for the retirement. And we have 10% to 11% of the deposits in the country and yet, only a fraction of that as far as where we manage well. So this is a big opportunity and investments in people and systems and capabilities, but that should in no way, the growth -- we've already done great work. David Carroll and his team have done incredible. I mean, think how many companies out there would love to have the way we monetize and the way everybody else does $602 million of after-tax earnings for a quarter, 26% margins, these are very, very good numbers.
John Stumpf: No, normal would be around zero. You’d expect it to be zero over its life. Sometimes it's a little positive sometimes it's a little negative. And it's driven by swap rates and currency movements in the currencies where we issue.
John Stumpf: What we repriced in wholesale is deposits and for a variety of customers, the ones who seem to have acted most strongly in the deposit area were FIs, which for all the reasons you could imagine how relatively low value liquidity deposits and so, we have – we’ve been paying less for those deposits or in some cases, and in some jurisdictions, have been charging a little bit for those deposits and that's what we were referring to.
John Stumpf: Yes, you know, it's not as a result of Wells Fargo specific pricing strategies. It's just the chips falling where they did in terms of flows, volumes and other activity in the business. And as you know, in our trading business, we have what you are thinking of which is market-making and customer accommodation activity but we also have the impact of our own deferred comp program, et cetera, which makes that line a little bit noisy. But it's not as a result of any conscious business decision to price things differently to do any more of this or less of that it's just where the quarter fell.
John Stumpf: Let me just go back to the expensing just one more time so we are all on the same page. There is talk on this call, and of course, we listen to what the Chairwoman of the FED has to say about rates. But when we plan internally here, we don't consider rate increases as part of the ongoing justification for an investment in anything. So in other words, we don't – you would not hear a language like, I want to make this investment because when rates turnaround and go back up, then this justifies, this investment will be justified. We don't know what's going to happen to rates and if rates do increase, either long-term or the short-end or both that's a benefit to us. But, for the last five six years, you could have said the same thing and it didn't happen. So that's why there is a continual consideration here and pushing ourselves and our thinking to eliminate work that's no longer beneficial, taking out processes that don't add values and investing in places and things that do add value and make us more competitive, more nimble, more relative to the constituents that we serve.
John Stumpf: Yes, I think, just to support John's comment, I remember when gain on sales - years ago were 40, 50, 60 basis points. So the pricing discipline, even with the capacity and the size of the market is a – I think a good thing for Americans, good thing for borrowers, good thing for the originators, because we are getting paid for the work that we're doing, the value-add.
John Stumpf: And, Nancy, it's an insightful question because I think part of the distinguishing features of big scale players in this business where you are successful or not is how quickly you can scale up when business opportunities present themselves and how quickly you can scale down. And, we think we are pretty good at that among other things. And some are surprised that mortgage market has not come back stronger, but we went through a pretty deep downturn. This was the asset class that had the problem in 2008 and 2009 and it steadily – and it's improving and healing. But it's going to take time. And so, like John said, we really like this business for a whole host of reasons. 
John Stumpf: Well, the pick-a-pay was probably the most problematic of that portfolio and that came over - let's say in the $120 billion range - $120 billion or so; and it’s $54 billion give or take now. And the average loan to value in that is in the 60s.
John Stumpf: So, and if you look at -- if you look at the overall servicing portfolio we have, it's 94%, 95% current and so it’s - we've -- still issues going through there, there is some judicial foreclosure states that we are still having to work through. But for the most part, it's performed above our expectations, especially with respect to the Wachovia part and I think we are in the later innings of working on this and as John mentioned, there is some opportunity to take some cost out. The cost of servicing a current loan versus one that's delinquent is such a big difference. So, when people look at these portfolios you like to look at the past dues, because it really – and the ones in the foreclosures because that really skews the costs on those.
John Stumpf: Thank you. Well, this concludes our call. Thank you again for spending time with us. It's always enjoyable for us to represent our 265,000 team members and the work that they do every quarter and John and I and Jim will see you on next quarter. Thank you very much.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, Ken, there is a fair amount of capacity to carry more debt by medium size companies, small companies and consumers. Rates are very favorable and most Americans businesses and consumers have de-risked and deleveraged their balance sheet. So there are opportunities and we are very active on main street and on the back 40 working with the customers. So, we love this opportunity to do the GE thing, but organic relative still the main part the way we grow. 
John Shrewsberry: Joe, I would offer this, since I’ve been on a long time, I think this is my third or fourth cycle I remember doing workouts in this business in the early 80s. This one is different in that – the energy participants whether they be on the E&P side or midstream, whatever it is, I am more conservative. They tend to be better capitalized, be rapid, more quickly through reducing their CapEx budgets, some case reducing dividends and some of the real stretchy stuff was done outside of our industry if you will. So, that mean that all situations are going to workout, but, they wouldn’t – and reacted much more quickly than I have seen in the past cycles. 
John Shrewsberry: Erika, let me start with that. It’s a great question and not all retail deposits are credit equal. You know our focus here has been on relationships and we think relationships on the consumer side start with a consumer checking account. In fact, I don’t have this exactly but I think it’s 86% of our retail customers have a checking account with us it’s their primary account they live out of that. And if you look at certificates and deposit, it’s less than $35 billion here. So it’s a couple percent of ours. So that’s a very different deposit make up and like other companies in our industry, we had a lot of experience in rates backing up. And the speed of the backup matters where it starts from, a move from 300% to 400% is different from a move from nothing to 1%. And also where you employ those more expensive deposits, will you find offsetting earning assets to employ those. And, I recall the last time we went through this, we had very aggressive deposit competitors who are using those deposits to fund businesses acquired to sell models in the real estate business for example. So it was used. So, we’ve been through a lot of different things. We’ve modeled this. If I were a bettering person, I would bet that we’ll probably be favorable to our model suggest early in the backup, but I think one of the great under valued parts of our business today is the quality of our deposit franchise and you’ll see that in the backup. 
John Shrewsberry: So, one thing I have to mention about the industry and I am sure you are thinking about this. But, we are in a slightly different position but there are some other larger banks that are discouraging deposits because of the adverse impact on leverage ratio, the adverse impact on the GSIB buffer calculations, et cetera and people have been vocal about getting out there and trying to move those deposits out of their banks to take their numbers down and those are in the same deposit numbers that you are referring to. So, it’s a little bit complicated I think, bank-by-bank as you are looking at it. Ours is as John described. And we are also not shrinking our store count and we have found that, in our omni channel distribution, where you have stores or locations ATMs, phones, online and mobile, it’s the magic of all those working together. And that’s a very strong compelling value proposition for our customers. 
John Shrewsberry: Well, it depends on what’s happening on other fronts including ongoing deposit growth. But, I wouldn’t forecast it as coming down, but as we’ve described before, there is probably tens of billions of dollars of room from where we are today to where that balance might go before we started to having any difficult discussions about LCR. So there is plenty of room from where we are today.
John Shrewsberry: So, yes, it was a strong quarter and I mean, strongest in a while, it doesn’t reflect the pre-crisis types of activity at this point. It’s strong in a handful of individual markets, California, New York, Southern Florida, Denver or particular markets where we’ve seen a lot of strength. First time home buyers are a little bit stronger at about 30% of home purchases. We saw that our purchases as a percentage of originations were 54% this quarter versus 45 the prior quarter as you mentioned, the second quarter had a lot of refis closing in it that were locked in the first quarter when rates were very low. So, when we think about new application volume in the second quarter, my guess is, as that flows through in Q3 that number will be even higher. All things being equal, because rates did backup meaningfully in the quarter. So, the business is good. There is plenty of credit available. We are obviously as enthusiastic and committed to it as we’ve ever been. Margins have been holding in there nicely and the pipeline looks quite good actually.
John Shrewsberry: One last thing I’d add is that, all of that is a reflection of continued affordability while home prices have moved, there is still affordable, while rates have moved they are still affordable. So, that’s helping a lot and we’ve had an improving jobs market which brings more people into eligibility for a purchase or a refinancing.
John Shrewsberry: No, except - one thing I would say is we were ready to go with the original deadline. But, no impact.
John Shrewsberry: I think it's going to stay in the upper part of the range until revenue moves higher, which will probably happen as a result of - or at least most meaningfully over a short period of time because of rates moving higher. We are spending the money that we think we need to spend to run a great business today and manage risk, as well as invest in the future around things that customers want, things that we need to be a well run, resilient, compliant, risk managed, technologically savvy firm, and that gets us to 58 plus or minus percent, which I would remind you is a very good number for a bank of our size. But, yes, there is no near-term path or project to try and drive ourselves down in the range. We are trying to operate where we have been, accomplish all the things that we need to accomplish and deal with the reality that we are in a below 3% GDP growth environment, in a zero rate environment, neither of which is as hospitable as some other environments might be for revenue growth in banking.
John Shrewsberry: So, it's very competitive, and I think that this current set of assets that's being offered for sale is being viewed by some people as the biggest opportunity in a long time. Some of the assets or platforms are suitable for non-depository institutions and I would say that non-banks interested in creating a lending platform would appear to be willing to pay a bigger premium than people who have an existing platform and are looking to add customers and assets to it. All of these do require financing in one form or another. So that can be either a limiting factor or for the easier to finance assets, I guess, that can be a benefit for people who don't have deposit bases in order to bid. But very competitive, it’s how I would describe it.
John Shrewsberry: Sure, so for some of the debt that we issue, we swap it back to dollars and swap it back to LIBOR and so we've got perfect cash flow hedges on where we choose to do that. The accounting for that requires the liability on the one hand and the hedge on the other to be discounted using different discount rates and so over the life of both instruments, there can be some noise in the P&L. We've had a benefit in the past and this time we had a negative and it was driven by a few things, but mostly by the major movements in longer-term swap rates in dollar, Sterling and LIBOR during the quarter. And the net impact from the quarter is, as it was described in the materials. So I’d just point out, this is sort of a – call that’s a timing difference, an accounting difference, it nets back to zero over the life of the liability. So we don't think of it as a real economic issue, but it creates noise in the other non-interest income line item. 
John Shrewsberry: Sure. So, I wouldn't say that it's an express strategy to not increase the number of FAs. I don't think that that's necessarily the primary driver of value creation in the long-term for David Carroll's business. You may see that differently, John. The point on technology is a good one. There are a number of initiatives underway in that business to modernize and to create service capability to attract new investors and to better serve the investors that we have. And that turns up in the – sort of primary systems that our financial advisors use to interact with our customers. It will turn up in our mobile and online offerings that allow people to do more for themselves and at some point, it could even include service or capability that competes with some of the sort of the robo advisory people out there today who rely primarily on technology to construct portfolios and make offerings to customers. All of those things are opportunities for us to make the business even stronger and more relevant going forward on top of what we feel is very good performance over the last few years.
John Shrewsberry: It was - we had a $127 million gain in the first quarter and $193 million loss in the second quarter. And again, I just want to describe that as the accounting treatment for the hedging program that we have there. But, so, think of this – that the delta between Q1 and Q2 as what creates the more outsized numbers.
John Shrewsberry: I wouldn't say that pricing is getting any better. You would think that pricing might be getting better in areas where other banks are pulling back from providing financing or liquidity to customers, which is part of the discussion around how some of the bigger trading-oriented banks have been providing repo, providing securities finance, et cetera, and have limited their appetites. But prices haven't gone up that much. I think capacity has come out and people have had to figure out how to deal with that. So, at the moment, it's still very - it's as competitive as it ever was and the pricing reflects that, but not because of conscious strategies.
John Shrewsberry: That's good question. We don't model loan growth necessarily as a reflection of prior quarter GDP. But it's an interesting relationship. I think our point is that the areas where we've been experiencing organic loan growth all are still very active. We are still very competitive. We are getting more than our fair share in most of those categories. We've got further to run in car and I’d say than other people because we are starting from a smaller base. And then in some of our material businesses, we've got customers who have been holding back on their borrowing capacity. So in the corporate - but in the commercial space in particular where we are a very big player, our customers are still very cash-heavy, which is reflected in our deposits and have maintained very low leverage profile. So that if they got a little bit more enthusiasm around M&A, around organic growth or building a new plant, et cetera, expanding their businesses, they have lots of debt capacity to do that, and we’d expect to see some of that in line utilization or demand for funded assets. But, the real takeaway is that we're very well positioned in all of our key lending markets and competing well today. And in those areas where there might be incremental drivers of demand and we hope to benefit from it when it happens. And then, of course, we are working on a few strategic or inorganic activities as well.
John Shrewsberry: We didn't. We’ve indicated the size of operating losses in total. The amount of the change and the amount of the changes reflected – reflects increased litigation accruals, but we don't split that out from our other operating losses.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, that's – as John was mentioning earlier, we are trying to repurpose our expense dollars to their highest value area. And so there is a collection of programs and ways of doing business, of thinking about how we spend our resources that are designed to do just that. So it's an internal, it's a relatively formal program. It's around some operational improvements. It's around some of our staff functional alignment. Some of our technology spend, et cetera, and it really is designed to make sure that where we are spending money and of course we spend a lot of it that we are putting it in the most impactful places.
John Shrewsberry: Well, dollars are fungible, but as the way we are thinking about it is, we are directing those dollars toward places they are going to make a difference for customers which would drive revenue. And they could see bottom-line improvement as a result of that. But as I mentioned in response to an earlier question, it's not really designed to drive us down in the efficiency ratio or to drive total dollars of expense down. All things being equal, it's designed to make sure that we are spending the money that we are spending in the most impactful place.
John Shrewsberry: Well, it's going to depend on what happens with deposits versus loan and other earning asset growth primarily. So, if we continue along the path that we are on right now, then you would think that it would probably stay in or about this range. There is not much else, deposit pricing is quite efficient here at 8 basis points. So, as we get more invested, as we add more loans and if we convert cash to higher yielding assets then that should be an improvement. Over the course, if you fast forward it to few years, we'll probably be layering in more senior unsecured in connection with TLAC. That will probably have a negative impact, although relatively modest in the overall scheme of things. We still expect net interest income in 2015 to be higher than 2014, which is frankly, the most important thing, all things being equal and that's what we are driving toward.
John Shrewsberry: Sure, so there is a handful of things. I mean it's the mix of the assets that we are adding to that portfolio from one period to the next, which reflects customer activity, customer demand, both in terms of what's rolling on and what's rolling off. Also, you are seeing in that calculation, the impact of having swapped portions of that portfolio from floating to fixed, because that impacts the yield. We've done that partially as the recognition that we think we are going to be in a lower long-term rate environment for a longer period of time than we might have previously thought. So, that impact is – runs through there as well, still asset-sensitive, but not waiting forever for rates to begin to move in that portfolio.
John Shrewsberry: E&P, it was predominantly all E&P. The services credits have – first of all, they don't go through the exact same, there is no borrowing base re-determination to occur in services companies; it's more like any other corporate in terms of how they are reviewed. But the impact has not been felt there in quite the same way as it has with E&P companies. And then back to the shared national credit review, in terms of the negative outcomes or the suggested downgrades, it really was primarily an energy set of conclusions this time around.
John Shrewsberry: Well, we've been – as we've talked about, ahead of this end of draw expectation for sometime now, because it was pretty easy to schedule and we are going into a couple of years when those 10-year draw periods will be coming to a close from the heaviest periods of issuance right at the – prior to the turn of the cycle and, frankly, I’d say, we are experiencing a better outcome than we originally imagined in part because of our – because of our - the focus that we've had, the team that we've had facing, the proactive work that we're emphasizing trying to get people refied into something that is suitable or more tolerable for them to repay. So, things are going well.
John Shrewsberry: I don't – right I don’t at the - on this call, our real estate group certainly knows, because that's how that's been managed. So they'll know what they have left and what is gone already. But, when I'm focusing on when I say that there is a plan underway that's being executed that's working, of course for the ones that are still there and then have it refied out.
John Shrewsberry: So, when we use the term duration, we are using it in that context, but not to define a duration of the balance sheet, but really to think about using those tools, the investment portfolio and loan portfolios to impact our overall asset or liability sensitivity. And so the net conclusion of that is that, not terribly unlike where we were at our last Investor Day. We find ourselves still asset-sensitive. We mentioned a year ago, May that we thought that we were – we had probably 10 to 30 basis points worth of net sensitivity – net benefit from a 100 basis point instantaneous parallel movement in rates. Very stylized example. And we are less asset-sensitive. If we were at the mean then, we're at the lower-end of that range today we believe. It's probably a conservative estimate. We - that's how we generally calculate things. But by adding securities, by swapping floating rates to fixed, and other actions that have occurred in the growth of the business, we've made ourselves a little bit less asset-sensitive because of the belief that we could be in a lower rate environment for a longer period of time and we are earning today rather than maintaining all of that sensitivity for the future. We still have plenty of it and we'll develop more of it as time passes, but that's how I would answer that question.
John Shrewsberry: There is nothing that I would point to. We -- the production occurred the way we would have expected it to. We ended with a relatively long – relatively large pipeline as well. So, nothing different there.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, it's tough to be that precise about it although I'm sure there are people in Wells Fargo Home Mortgage who are thinking about it as granularly as the question that you are asking. Certainly, in the first quarter as rates rallied hard and that pipeline really, really grew, applications came in at an increased pace. The capacity constraints to deal with that both at Wells Fargo and in the industry are supportive of higher margins as people use their scarce capacity as beneficially as they can. So you'd expect, if that's a high point for things to slip a little bit from there. In terms of where they've gotten to and where they are now, we expect them to continue to be in that range. The full range, frankly is a pretty attractive place to be operating. And as long as we can stay higher in the range like we have, we’ll be thrilled to that to happen. There is also, from one quarter to the next, the mix between what's happening in retail versus what's happening through others is going to influence our gain on sale and that might look different from one originator to another. I think that's an important consideration. But, I mean, frankly, I would look at it quarter-to-quarter and then seasonally adjust it to think about what the steady-state is. But the last thing I'd say is that we are - again, we're pretty happy with where things have remained, given how competitive that market is, given how much capacity there is and we're happy to be operating here.
John Shrewsberry: So, what's been happening for a while, we are talking about it a little bit more now and maybe it was a little bit starker in this quarter because deposit growth slowed also, so you saw cash balances go down while both securities and loans went up. But as you suggest, it’s regardless of what's happening with short-term rates and over what period of time that normalization of policy occurs, it's our expectation that the longer-end of the curve, that we are going to be lower for longer than we would have thought six months ago, a year ago, or a couple of years ago and how we are managing the balance sheet is a reflection of that.
John Shrewsberry: Well, in the last 6 to 12 months, I would say, what's happened with rates around the world has been a big reminder that a 2.5% US tenure is a really attractive asset and could be for a really long time. So that's why I say regardless of what's happening with Fed funds, we are preparing ourselves for a long march on - at the longer end of the curve. And if we are wrong, we have to be prepared for that in terms of what it means to capital et cetera, and we certainly are and we - that drastically to make sure that we've protected our balance sheet. But in the mean time, we are getting our assets more productively deployed. I would point out, there is still $250 billion worth of cash in the bank. So there is plenty of short-term liquidity and dry powder for what happens if we are wrong and there are more attractive entry points on the way back up, if that were to occur, but it's a good question.
John Shrewsberry: About 25% of our production are jumbos and that includes, of course, many of our most valuable customers in terms of the breadth of the total relationship. We carry them on our balance sheet as you know. 
John Shrewsberry: And, I think the total category right now for jumbos on our books is about $120 billion, $125 billion of the - call it $1.7 trillion overall.
John Shrewsberry: So, in terms of staffing, I am sure it's true that we are probably a little bit heavy in some areas around loss mitigation and working NPA's and foreclosed assets through the system versus where we might be in a completely normalized point in the cycle just because they are still elevated. So there is probably opportunity there over some period of time. From a policy normalcy point of view, there is still other things happening, whether it's agency reform, the relationship between the FHA and the industry is still not completely settled and that has to happen for people to feel good about things. We are still in those second - no meaningful secondary market for non-conforming loans and there was a good one for prime, jumbo loans that existed pre-crisis and so at some point that probably has to re-emerge and that hasn't happened yet. But, we are just as committed to the business. It's a very important part of the relationship between us and our customers, because buying and financing a home is one of the most significant things our customers will ever do. We enjoy our status as the largest mortgage servicer in the land and our status as the largest mortgage originator as well. So, we are working hard to try and shape good outcomes in those areas that are still unsettled and we are making the most of it during the period that we are in.
John Shrewsberry: I know that this is clear in the materials, Nancy, but we are – where our non-strategic or wind down portfolio is picking down at $2 billion to $3 billion per quarter and there is $50 billion odd of it left. So, the tail of it will be here for a while.
