John Stumpf: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining this call. And again, thanks for your interest in Wells Fargo. I'm very pleased with our record results for the year and the fourth quarter, which again demonstrate the power and momentum of our franchise. We continue to focus on meeting the financial needs of our customers, and as a result, we grew revenue, loans, deposits and cross-sell, as well as increased market share across our businesses. We also experienced significant improvement in credit quality in the quarter, continuing the steady improvement we experienced throughout 2010. The Wachovia merger continues to exceed all of our expectations and we are particularly pleased with the positive customer response we have received as we begin integrating the Wachovia stores in our Eastern states. In fact, for the second consecutive year, Wells Fargo ranked number one among large banks in the American Customer Satisfaction Index. Our internal metrics indicate greater customer retention and deepening customer relationships even as we completed increasingly complex merger activities. For example, we've already replaced more than 5,000 Wachovia ATMs, with all of our over 12,000 ATMs now on one operating platform. Simply by offering our customers in the East the same web-enabled, Envelope-Free ATMs we have in the West, ATM deposit transactions in our Eastern markets increased 55%. This is just one example of how we continue to execute our business model while serving our customers when, where and how they want to be served. Deposit growth remained strong throughout our company with net checking account growth of 7.5%, including California up 8.2% and Florida, up 10%. Since the merger, we have grown core deposits by $53 billion while favorably changing the composition from higher-cost CDs to lower-cost checking and savings accounts. In fact, listen to this, at the time of the merger, 23% of our core deposits were in CDs compared with less than 10% today. Just this past weekend, we successfully completed the systems integration of our Retail Brokerage business. As a consequence, we now have over 15,000 financial advisors in all 50 states on one common platform, state-of-the-art and very robust trading, planning, and investment platform activities and capabilities. This further enables cross-seller, cross banking, wealth management and brokerage customers nationwide. Even as we celebrate the outstanding success of the Wachovia merger to date, we continue to focus intently on the remaining work ahead, converting the rest of the East Coast Wachovia banking stores to Wells Fargo throughout 2011. Turning to the issue of regulatory reform. We have always been supportive of changes designed to better protect and serve consumers, businesses and the financial system. In some cases, however, such as the currently proposed control of debit interchange fees, suggested changes may have unintended consequences for the U.S. consumer, which causes our industry some concern. We believe that lawmakers should engage all constituents, merchants, consumers and banks, and take the necessary time to reach a reasonable and equitable solution. In that way, we can all help make our regulatory and operating framework a positive one for our customers, the banking industry and the overall health of the U.S. economy. As a company with more than 280,000 team members, our focus in this period of a new normal will be, as always, on how we best serve our customers by providing more value. So we are focusing on reducing expenses, be more efficient and nimble, and increasing revenue by winning more customers and deepening existing relationships and thereby limiting the impact of regulatory reform costs on our customers. Granted, there will be some costs that will be passed along to customers. We've begun to implement some changes and there are more to come. But these decisions will always be made with the customer at the center. As we work through these changes, we will focus on three things: Providing our customers with choices and education about their options; rewarding customers for doing more business with us; and finally, offering meaningful value at fair prices. With the evolving environment, we are more convinced than ever that our commitment to helping our customers succeed financially will create the best long term value for shareholders. Now let me turn this over to Howard
John Stumpf: First of all, we are not underinvesting today. We think of this company as a growth company, we invest in growth opportunities, we opened stores this last year, we’ve added tons of bankers, more feet on the street. So as we get to 2012, if we see some great investment opportunities that are incrementally above where we are today, we'll do that. Otherwise, this will flow to the bottom line. But we are not underinvesting today, and this is not to redirect someplace because we have to make an investment someplace.
John Stumpf: Betsy, I’d just add this. I have to agree with Howard. We talked about this a lot at this company. I think the part that Basel III got right was around calibrating the risk. And this company just runs with a lot less risk. If you look at how we fund our balance sheet, the level of core deposits, the kind of credit and other risks that we take in managing and so forth, running at about 7% Basel III kind of number give or take, it seems like that's strong capital.
John Stumpf: The biggest issue right now is finishing Wachovia. We've had operators look at things that could or could not be interesting. Like there's consolidation going on in the industry, but we simply want to -- we're over 2/3 through this. We want to really do this exceedingly well. I mentioned in the past we have an interest in growing our Insurance Distribution business, and we're doing a lot of things organically, but there are some opportunities if that industry consolidates and the wealth brokerage retirement business and Asset Management. Those are other areas that we have I think opportunities to play a larger role. In many cases, just serving our existing customers. So if there's things that are opportunistic, terrific. If there's things that are not opportunistic, we have so much to do organically, but, and you know this, the Wachovia thing really did change the reach of this company. It was such a wonderful merger and acquisition. It really gave us a lot of what we needed to play on the national stage in many of our businesses.
John Stumpf: Sure. Like I said, some of the wealth and Asset Management businesses things and some in distribution, but there's not a big gaping hole in our product suite or menu that's problematic for us today. Either geography or product.
John Stumpf: We've not given a number, Brian. And we are busy about changing some products, looking for ways to add value and get paid for that. But we've not -- for us, we don't even know what the debiting will be at. That's still in play. We're just not giving a number on that.
John Stumpf: We're trying to look at a balanced approach on a multidimensional approach. Different customers have different levels of profitability with us. We've not been sitting around here just hoping. We've been working very hard about strengthening our relationship model. In fact, the relationship model we employ here is probably the best thing, the best anecdote to what's happening in the regulatory reform arena because as we deepen relationships, profitability grows exponentially as we add products [indiscernible] (01:04:17). So I think it's a work in progress.
John Stumpf: I think it’s best to serve your customers and put their interest. They understand we have to get paid. Nobody can operate a business at a loss, and we're going to get paid differently, so it might not be an increase. And like Howard mentioned, we're also tightening our belt. And we're going to try to drive our costs down so we can be more competitive. So I think it's a -- I don't know that it's an early or later kind of thing. It's about serving customers and evolve. We’re always evolving. In fact, if you look back, I've been in this industry 35 years, the way we got paid for checking account was very different 35 years ago than it was 20 years ago than it is today. So things change.
John Stumpf: Joe, it's more on new clients and not on -- utilization rates really have not changed. That still is dry powder, but we are out winning more relationships, and it's more in that area.
John Stumpf: But we are hearing more comments from our customers that where a year ago, you didn't hear about, as much about, I'm thinking of adding a plant or adding some people or doing this or whatever. You're hearing more of that today. But typically what happens is you see some rundown in deposit balances, then you see the borrowing.
John Stumpf: Joe, I think of it in these terms. This is a very issuer or company specific kind of thing. And you've got to look at what's going on, what you have in the portfolio. Percentage is prime, percentage is current and all of that. So because it might make sense for one company, again, very unique by company.
John Stumpf: Yes, sure. We see things are different. Texas tends to be -- our business there is doing quite well. So I think it depends on where the states are or the areas of the country that are into certain economies. Where you have a housing basis for the economy, that's more difficult. Or there's energy or agriculture it tends to be a little better. So it reflects that. But I would say the general mood is and the general feeling is that while it's tepid so far, there is a recovery in place. Things are better than they were a year ago. Not as good as they need to be, not as good as they will be, hopefully, and jobs are still the big issue, but it's surely, there's a little more spring in the step of our customer, business and consumer.
John Stumpf: Paul, we are really focused in this company on checking account, what I would call transactional deposit growth because what that means is you're winning households. It's one of my favorite things to do every morning when I get here is read the deposit report from the day before because when you're growing checking accounts, you're growing households. And the checking account and the mortgage, frankly, are about two of the biggest books you can get. And when we see -- Florida last year, we grew checking accounts by 10%. We all know Florida did not grow households by 10%. They might have had – might have been even or maybe an outflow last year. So we are gaining share. And the same thing is true in New Jersey and even in California here. We grew by over 8%. And while those deposits might not be that valuable today, because we're going to invest them, let me tell you that is our lifeblood. We are going to like those and those relationships a lot. We like them a lot today. We're going to like them even more in the future.
John Stumpf: But, Ed, you're asking the right question because there's a lot of earnings power there. There's a lot of -- when you look at the spread we're getting on those excess dollars today, it's minimal, so there's a real opportunity.
John Stumpf: And another piece that gets involved in that analysis, Ed, is what's the carry on the hedge. So if you're doing really well on the carry, you might want to be more matched versus -- this is something that we go through every Monday morning. It gets lots of management attention around here, but Howard's right, if we’re convinced that there's a high probability that rates are going to go up, in the past, we’ve placed strategy maybe in less hedged in that -- that's always on the table.
John Stumpf: Fred, conditions over the past few years have caused many both in the industry and policy positions to rethink servicing contracts and what’s going on there. And any changes likely -- if there are changes, they'd be perspective in nature. And in spite more than a year or so, whatever will be decided, it's probably too early to give you any view on impact. But let me just say this, it's probably -- it could be neutral to us because we're both in the Origination business and the Servicing business. So if you allocate less of what the customer pays, allocate less of that to capitalized servicing asset, you’d probably get more than on your gain on sale. And there are pluses and minuses in having a smaller servicing asset. You can hedge less. So I'm not – so I think what I'm suggesting is, it's still in the very early stages. It's still being discussed. It’s probably going to be prospective, if anything, on new volume, and I'm not sure if this is more about geography and less about economics.
John Stumpf: Let me just give you a broader response to that. I'm not in favor of government price controls as part of a market-based economy that we have. I just think that's bad as an initial thing, as an overall statement. We need free enterprise and government debt. What product is next, what industry comes next? I've not seen that work in the past very well. With respect to the issue, specifically, it's in the interest, the long term interest of merchants and consumers and the [indiscernible] (01:28:18) service industry that we get this right. And right now it's on a fast track. We've got to make sure it gets on the right track where the people who develop these products, the banks and so forth, this is a big fixed cost business, and I don't know of any industry or business that can seem to grow, innovate, support a product where you don't get paid for it. And you get paid on a variable rate basis when you have all these fixed cost. And there's real value being created here. Debit cards largely have transplanted cash and check. This is good for merchants, the cost of handling that cash, the checks taking the risk. Getting immediate funds with debit is enormously valuable. And that value creation helps them, and we need to get compensated. And I don't understand why cost became the issue. But anyway, I think there is good reason and an opportunity for us to sit around and get on the table and make sure we come up with the right situation. In fact, the President even asked a couple of days ago that you look at these regulations. He didn't say this one but he said regulations in general. And I think this is a great example of something that we simply have got to get right because at the end of the day, if we can't get paid this way, we’ve got to get paid a different way. And we want to make absolutely sure that customers don't get disadvantaged in this process.
John Stumpf: Well, we will be prepared for whatever outcome, but we're going to make the point as an industry that, in this case, we need to really understand what we're doing here.
John Stumpf: We're going to wrap right now. Sorry, it went a little over time, but we appreciate your interest in the company and your questions. Thank you for joining us, and we will do this again 90 days from now. Thank you much.
Howard Atkins: Well, John, we do have a lot of liquidity. And that's really the result of having such strong deposit growth. As I mentioned earlier, 7% checking account, savings account growth just in the fourth quarter. And as you know, our deposit growth has surpassed our loan growth in the last period of time. Obviously, we'd love to see more loan demand. We're beginning to some of that now. And we think that the cash that we have on the balance sheet positions us very well for when loan growth does materialize. And of course, should interest rates go up enough, we can consider adding more to the Bond portfolio which we've been reluctant to do in a significant way so far and just given what we think may be the very low level of long term interest rates that have been prevailing.
Howard Atkins: Required to hold more liquidity. Simply, we've been incredibly successful in growing deposits. And as you know, we've always tried to do the right thing for our balance sheet and earnings. So this is just very offensive and positioning for the future.
Howard Atkins: It's not the wind-down costs, it’s the ongoing cost of keeping the portfolio going. There is a loan portfolio there, the debt consolidation portfolio. And as that portfolio matures over time, we'll be able to pull the cost down and further integrate into the existing retail system.
Howard Atkins: As I said, you put aside the repurchase reserve provision, the origination fee and non-interest income, what was up roughly the same as the origination volume.
Howard Atkins: The industry is consolidated, so on average, margins are not going to change very much. But what will drive margins up and down is the level of interest rates and volume and the industries adding and subtracting capacity. So it really is going to be a function of demand overall.
Howard Atkins: Because of, again, some evolving definitional changes, number one. And number two, because we had some real growth in risk-weighted assets.
Howard Atkins: I think the point I'd try to make, Betsy, is that there are really three things that we're focused on right now. We want to start getting the dividend back up to a more normal payout ratio. We think that's important, appropriate and time to reward our shareholders in that fashion. Number two, share repurchase simultaneously is important in combination with the higher dividend. And clearly, we want to call the TRUPS, which has an immediate impact on both earnings and Tier 1 common and doesn't cost us anything from a capital perspective. So all three of those things are important and represent an important part of our capital management.
Howard Atkins: Here's sort of conceptual construct. As you know, a company that's growing capital at twice the rate of its asset growth can return a lot more than 30% of its capital back to its shareholders and still grow capital. So when we think about total return of capital to shareholders, it's really the combination of dividend and share repurchase that we're thinking about, and that number could be more than just the 30% dividend payout ratio.
Howard Atkins: Let me try with you this way. First, as you know, historically, we've always run the company with very strong capital ratios. The 7% Tier 1 Common that we had prior to 2008 was at the top end of the industry and served us pretty well when we went to buy Wachovia. Our Tier 1 common today under Basel I is now 20% higher than that already strong capital ratio. On a Basel I basis, we already think the company is being operated at very, very strong capital levels. And of course, given our capital generation, well we'll see how high that goes. If that translates back to roughly a 7% Tier 1 common on the Basel III, that also feels about right to us. And that's before taking into account other things that the regulators may require. That appears to be about where the regulators are coming out now on Basel III. So 7% Basel III, 8 to 8.25 on Basel I for Tier 1 common feels like an appropriate kind of target for us going forward.
Howard Atkins: No mitigation. We don't feel that mitigation is necessary because again, remember as John mentioned, we will have a much smaller impact from Basel III than the other banks because we don't have the same risk profile that other companies do. It's quite significant advantage for us and will not lead us to have to take mitigating actions from where we are, given how rapidly our capital’s been growing.
Howard Atkins: We have, as you know, about $21 billion in total. Some of that will convert by its terms to qualifying forms of preferred. And we have about $11 billion or $12 billion left that theoretically could be callable.
Howard Atkins: Well, again, to the extent that represents qualifying capital, we're not going to call stuff that represents qualifying capital.
Howard Atkins: And frankly, it depends on what you call recapture because as we said before, some of this is going to be fee increases; some of it's going to become -- is going to be expense management; some of it is going to come from greater volume as we increase the value proposition through our customers. So again, I don't know how you do a math on that.
Howard Atkins: And again, not to make too fond a point about it as we said, this is about the customer and the revenue we earn from the customer, not about the fee.
Howard Atkins: Joe, as you know, from public data, there has been an increase in total loans in the system in the last quarter or two. But as I pointed out on the market share tables, we've increased market share. That tells you that we've been picking up relationships during this period.
Howard Atkins: The loss severity is just our estimate based on what we're seeing in both portfolios. As we've indicated, the larger of the two issues for us is still the agency side of it. We've had virtually nothing on the private side. And as far as global settlement, again, as we said before, this is a rapidly declining issue for us, and we think we're very well reserved. So I'm not sure a settlement would make a lot of sense.
Howard Atkins: Remember, the deposits that we're talking about here, that we've been gathering are checking accounts and savings accounts. They're not CDs and time deposits. So in effect, the way we've been thinking about in pricing CDs is not to take the higher cost money and just continue to get the growth in customer operating balances is really what this is all about. And what that really says is, we've been successful at growing the number of customers who are doing business with us and getting more of their operating balances and not that we’re pricing to get more time deposits.
Howard Atkins: Well, the best way we can invest that liquidity is that we get loan growth, right? And we think we are particularly well leveraged for loan growth. We gave you the data on loan outstanding increases, but I should also mention that while loans have not gone up significantly, we have been very active in growing the number of new lines and committed facilities. So once loan demand actually comes back, it could come back pretty quickly here for us. In terms of the Investment portfolio, we've been saying for many quarters now that we've been keeping our powder dry. We did do some investing in the fourth quarter when rates started moving up and we actually, as I mentioned, sold some of the lowest yielding securities we've had in the portfolio and repositioned that up into the higher yields that were prevailing at the end of the quarter. I can also tell you, Ed, that if you look back historically at securities that we bought for the portfolio, typically, that has been mortgage-backed securities, just plain manila agency mortgage-backed securities which we think is good for our portfolio given the long duration of our liabilities. And secondly, we typically in the past have not bought securities of that kind unless rates were up in the sort of 5%-ish level or higher. Now that's a yield level that may have been more relevant for the past than for the future, so I'm not suggesting necessarily that that's the right benchmark going forward. But throughout most of 2010, at least, mortgage-backed security yields just felt awfully low to us relative to both history and relative to earnings that were coming through for us in the Mortgage business.
Howard Atkins: Yes, and again that could change because the one thing that could change that thought a little bit is, we do have to look at the total balance sheet and we don't want to have our liability durations moving too far, too fast away from our asset duration. So we are trying to keep a relatively balanced balance sheet. But all of those things aside, yes, we prefer seeing higher yields before beginning to load up on the portfolio.
Howard Atkins: A lot of things in the response to that question. First of all, we're not necessarily operating with a view that rates have to go up, but we at least want to make sure that we're properly protected in case that they do. As far as the hedge is concerned, the actual head result in the quarter was really close to zero as I mentioned in my remarks because the reported numbers included the additional costs for servicing a foreclosure expense that went through the MSR in the quarter. So you take that away and we're really at zero. And the third point I'd make in terms of the size of the hedge and the composition of the hedge, obviously, that's changing all the time. And as a function of yield curves and rate levels and spreads between mortgage assets and treasuries and LIBOR and so on, so there's really no singular answer to that question. But yes, following your thought to the extent that we felt that higher interest rates were more likely than lower interest rates, we might actually reduce the size of the hedge, and therefore, benefit by a greater up valuation of the asset relative to cost of the hedge should rates go up. Again, I'm not saying that that's where we are, but theoretically, that could happen in that circumstance.
Howard Atkins: You are touching on the point as to why we think of the mortgage business as being a balanced business between servicing and origination, so that when we do our simulations and everything in terms of what impact interest rates may have on the business holistically, we look at both sides of the business and take into account effects on both sides of the business and the way we manage it.
Howard Atkins: I think essentially, what this really means is, that if it happens, as John says, less of the gain on sale when you sell a mortgage is attributable to the servicing asset, and more of the gain on sale just comes through us an origination gain in cash. One interesting potential benefit, if you will, if this happens, again, as John mentioned, is that the -- simply the amount of capitalized servicing on the balance sheet will be less over time, and that has some positive implications, if you will, on the Basel III, which caps the amount of capitalized servicing that can be counted as Tier 1 common. So there are some interesting benefits from that if that happens without really changing the economics of the business.
Howard Atkins: I think the best way I could answer that is to say that Basel III is still evolving. I don't know whether there will be a soft or a hard or any kind of requirement for 7% on the Basel III. But as you know, if there is one, we're already there. So in our case, it doesn't really matter.
Howard Atkins: You can't simply do the transfer. It's not a fixed spread between the two ratios, Ron. Some quarters, the spread between the two may go up, some may go down. I gave you some factors before. You got the MSR calculation in there. You got DTA so on and so forth. So again, it's really just not a fixed spread between the two. And in this particular quarter, we had real growth in those assets that impact the Basel III ratio.
Howard Atkins: No, as I said, because of these other definitional factors for the Tier 1 common, I am not prepared to say that the spread between the two ratios are going to be fixed and therefore may or may not go up and down. Generally speaking, the two ratios should move in the same direction and simply because the overriding driver of both is internal capital generation, it's earnings. So yes in that sense, they both should move in the same direction and roughly by the same amount but plus or minuses, the tweaks that come along with Basel III.
Howard Atkins: That would be after-tax. Again, I don't want to put too much precision on that, Ron, because again, that's such an approximated figure at this point and so preliminary. But we put that out there as kind of a place mark.
Howard Atkins: No, really can't talk about the specific submission to the Fed or let alone what the Fed may or may not approve. So a lot of this is really going to be up to the Fed.
Howard Atkins: As I said, restoring a more normal dividend, buying back shares, calling the TRUPS and continuing to generate more capital are all important things to us. But at this point, really the best way I can answer the question is, it's up to the regulators at this point.
Howard Atkins: The margin really is a result of many things that occur on the balance sheet and in our earnings. And what we’re trying to do is grow net interest income and revenue, and the margin will be what the margin will be. To the extent that we have continued success in growing, checking and savings, that'll increase the margin. Frankly, if loan demand accelerates, that will be great for the top line, but it may actually reduce the margin if we're not growing deposits at the same fast rate. So lots of things can happen to the margin here which, as I say, are just the result of many, many, many other things that we're trying to do.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Because when you talked about doing the buybacks, you were talking about doing the buybacks in step with capital growth.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And I was wondering how you think about what kind of capital you feel you need to run the business under Basel III? I realize that you put out the 6.9% in the discussion here on Page 15. And I'm just wondering, what are some of the major elements that differentiate the Basel I versus the Basel III? Can we get any detail on that? And how do you plan on managing that going forward? I'm just trying to understand what kind of excess capital level you have.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Right, and that’s why I was wondering if there’s any fill-ins in the non-depository businesses that you might have on a [indiscernible] (01:00:45)
