Timothy J. Sloan: You know what, John, it was a mix across a number of factors. None of them really stood out. It was the 5 basis point decline which really wasn't that significant.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, just at the margin, John, you can take the 845 basis points and subtract it from a marginal cost of forms, which, this quarter, was 25 basis points. And then you can annualize that, so it's pretty significant. It's over $200 million, I think, after tax a year.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, John, we've got to move forward with our capital plan for next year, and we've got a plan in terms of calling the TRUPs. But in terms of specifically which TRUPs we'll call and when we're going to call, I prefer not to be specific about that right now. But as we did this quarter, we're going to continue to be as aggressive as we can be in redeeming TRUPs pursuant to their terms as quickly as we can given the cost of those TRUPs and the fact that they're not added at the capital any longer.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, John, I didn't say they were going into low-yielding. I think they're going into securities. First, we want them to go into loans, right? And again, we're very pleased with the loan growth that we had in the second quarter, and we feel poised for continued loan growth in the fourth quarter as it relates to the types of securities. And we go through our standard quarterly process. We look at what we think provides a good risk/return, but it was a mix from shorter-term and high-quality securities all the way to medium-term as well as kind of longer-term securities. So it's a mix. There wasn't anything in particular. It's just across all the categories in the statement.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, it seems like a long time ago, but there was a lot of volatility in the third quarter. If you remember, some of the things we watched on television in late July, and then obviously, there was a lot of concern and there still is about what's going on in Europe. I think generally, when you look at our customer base, customer sentiment is good. The economy continues to kind of bump along a little bit, but the customer sentiment is good. And as I said and will reiterate, we feel good about loan growth in the quarter. And I think one of the reasons why we feel good about it is that it's really broad-based. As I mentioned and gave some examples in terms of loan growth both in our commercial or our wholesale and our consumer portfolios. It's 7, 8, 9, 10 businesses that are growing loans across the board. It's not concentrated anywhere. It's not one industry. It's not one geography, so we're feeling good about that. And as it relates to CRE, I think that the fact that we stayed consistent in that business over the cycle, which was very difficult at times for the commercial real estate business, is really paying dividends right now. We're the largest commercial real estate lender in the country. There's lots of opportunities to help our existing customers to refinance their existing loans as they buy new properties. We can provide capital to them. And then also, as the CMBS market continues to mature and refinance, there's opportunities there. So overall, the commercial real estate business and the risk-adjusted returns there are pretty attractive.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, Joe, that's a real fair question. I think that when you think about our capital plan, what you got to think about it being a very balanced plan, right? And it's true that we bought back fewer shares of stock in the third quarter than we did in the second, but on the other hand, we also retired some pretty high-cost TRUPs. And to reiterate, we continue or we plan to continue to buy back shares this quarter. Again, we have a very measured and balanced plan that we want to execute to, and we think by doing that, it'll create some dividends as we go into the next capital planning cycle.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, I think, Betsy, it wasn't any one specific category, but it's a combination of some one-timers that we had in the second quarter versus the third quarter. It also included some repricing in the existing book and then new loans on, but it wasn't really any one specific item.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, there's generally a little bit of a lag so that we've seen LIBOR start to tick up a little bit this month, which should have a bit of a benefit. But there's about a 1-month to 2-month lag on average.
Timothy J. Sloan: Off the top of my head, I don't know. Let us get back to you on that, Betsy. I'd be guessing right now, but we'll get back to you.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, I think it's really going to be a function of, one, what's available; and then two, we've got to -- even though there's a lot of opportunity to buy securities and loans today, we've got to be continued to be really measured and follow the risk discipline that we've had for years. And so a long answer to your question, but the point is I think we're going to buy across the spectrum as long as we're comfortable with the risk-adjusted returns. Sometimes, the pricing is attractive at the high end and sometimes, at the low end. There are a lot of securities and loans that are available today. And I think this is really reflective of what is strong about Wells Fargo, and that is this is the time in the cycle that because we had a risk discipline over the years in place, we've got the opportunity to be a buyer today.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, and just to add to that, Betsy, I don't think it's an either/or for us right now. We can do both, right? We can go out, and we can buy assets that are for sale with good, quality customers that we've appropriately underwritten. And we can make money doing that, and we can also grow capital. It's really not an either/or.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, you know what, Brian, I wish I was smart enough to know the answer to that question. I just don't. I mean, I think what we're seeing is a very attractive mortgage market. We worked long and hard to be the largest mortgage originator in the country, and we're well positioned. We've got a great team. We're seeing a lot of good volume, as we mentioned, going into the fourth quarter. But in terms of what percent of the margin is related to the industry and what percent is related to capacity, really, I don't know.
Timothy J. Sloan: Brian, we have not seen any change in our relationship with the FHA/VA. When a loan goes 90 days delinquent, it's put back on the balance sheet. We work through it. That's what happened this quarter. It happens every quarter. And then once we work through it, they honor their guarantee. We haven't seen any change in that relationship at all.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, we're too early in the quarter to be able to have any specific -- or give you a real specific answer to that question because we're going to have loans that aren't even in the pipeline right now. They're going to close toward the end of the year, so I don't know the answer to your question. The point is, I think from our perspective, is that loan growth is real strong right now.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, I think, Todd, we haven't seen any major change in terms of our relationship with the Fed in terms of how they're looking at this next CCAR process versus a year ago. And again, I would step back and put this into perspective. Think about what our balance sheet, what our earnings, what our capital level was a year ago at this time and then compare them to where we are today. Losses are down. Nonperforming's down. Credit's improved. We're generating a lot more earnings, right? And we have more liquidity, and we have more capital to start with. So we don't go into this next CCAR process being pessimistic at all. We got a great story to tell. We got a great relationship. We're going to make a proposal, and we're looking forward to working with the Fed.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, I think that it's fair to say that we've had a lot of opportunity to grow capacity today across the board not just because of the correspondent business alone, but I think the key is to make sure you do it in a real measured way because there are lots of correspondents that we'd like to do more business with and some we wouldn't. But that's not the primary driver for why our refis are up. Our refis are up because we already have a great servicing customer base.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, we wouldn't put loans on our balance sheet just because the government didn't like them. We put loans on our balance sheet if they provided a good risk/return. But there's no question in this environment that there's some good risk/return relative to other ways that we can deploy our liquidity, and mortgage is one of them.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, on the security side, Marty, it's really across the board. We really look at the risk-adjusted return based upon what's out there today, right? And so a portion went into short-term -- shorter-term, very high-quality investments, and then a portion went into medium-term and some longer-term durations. Obviously, there's more assets out there to buy than there were a few months ago. On the loan side, again, it's across the board. We feel really pleased that we're seeing loan growth in a number of our businesses, and not just 1 or 2. And then as John mentioned, and we gave a couple of examples, we're also able to buy loans in the market today, so it's not one specific area. It's across the board, and I think that just reinforces the value of the diversified model.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, Marty, I think you're right. And as we pointed out, there's some puts and takes in the market-sensitive revenue, so the $808 million is not what I would think about as a run rate basis, particularly compared to the second quarter because you also had an outsized gain in the second quarter that we called out then that we didn't have in the third quarter. I don't know what is going to happen in the capital markets in the next few months. They feel like they've settled down today, but you know what, you could have made that same statement in July, and you could have made that same statement in the middle of August. I think the important thing, as it relates to the capital markets, is make sure that you're focused on serving your customers, make sure that you've got good risk discipline in place, so you're not sitting on a bunch of loans that you have to sell or other securities that you have to mark in a significant way. And again, we think that we're pretty good at that. We've got a good team in place. We're being thoughtful about being focused on customers, so we're not overly concerned about our capital markets activity at all.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, there's no question that we're going to have increases in expenses related to bringing on team members to support, underwrite and close the mortgage pipeline that we're seeing. That will be part of it. But also, we're still in the midst of an integration. As John mentioned, we had a milestone this weekend. And so the timing of those expenses happen when they happen. And our guess is there's going to be more of them in the fourth quarter than there were in the third quarter. And then also, there's generally some seasonality in all of our expense line items, so we'll probably get a little bit of a pickup there as we saw in the fourth quarter last year. But again, we want to be really clear that we've made a lot of progress in terms of reducing our expenses this quarter. We continue to believe that we're going to make a lot of progress and reiterate our goal of getting to an $11 billion run rate by the fourth quarter next year.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, so that would've included a number of different items. None of them were candidly very significant, Mike. I mean, it's a bit here, a bit there, and it all totaled up to be the differential that's in the numbers.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, there's always some timing in your expenses, but I would -- I guess the important thing is that we wanted to call out the fact that we didn't believe that, that $758 million reduction in expenses that we saw from the second quarter to the third quarter was all permanent, right? We called out the $234 million of deferred comp differential, and we've mentioned that integration costs were a little bit low, so I think the permanent reduction is less than that. And again, we think fourth quarter is going to be a little bit higher, but we'll get to the $11 billion number.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, it's a fair question. I think as you know, we look at this estimate every quarter. And there are lots of different factors that drive their assumptions. There's interest rate assumptions. There's liquidation timing, modification assumptions and their performance. And the performance in the Pick-a-Pay portfolio continues to be very strong. So it wasn't any one of those in particular. It was the combination of all of them. But again, we've had really good experience to date in terms of the performance of that Pick-a-Pay portfolio, but that was the primary driver for the $2.5 billion increase.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, on Page 28 and Page 29, we show the weighted average life on commercial as well as Pick-a-Pay. And I would say that the average is approximately 11 years or 10 to 11 years because the lion's share of that yield is on the Pick-a-Pay side, so it's going to be around for a long period of time.
Timothy J. Sloan: In terms of the number, no. I wouldn't -- I'd be guessing if there was a more specific outlook. I mean, look at -- as I said, we look at the assumptions and the flows kind of each quarter and come up with what we think, say, a reasonable estimate, and that's what we have here.
Timothy J. Sloan: I would -- there's no question that we had some impact on refinancing, but I wouldn't say that's a big driver. And we don't expect that to be a big driver going forward or at least more than what we saw this quarter. The other reason that the yield went down is just in terms of some of the securities that we invested in this quarter.
Timothy J. Sloan: It's an interpretation of the rules, right? And in fairness the rules aren't finalized yet. But we're making our best guess as to what they are, but that's the primary differential.
Timothy J. Sloan: I don't know if we can say it's going to stabilize because it's going to be a function of how we're going to grow the company, right? I mean, the easiest way to stabilize would be to shrink, and we don't want to do that.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, again, we had growth in the balance sheet this quarter, right? And then we've got -- as we continue to refine our interpretation of Basel III, we're going to make adjustments. But again, there wasn't anything significant, and we don't really break that out on an asset class-by-asset class basis.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, I appreciate the compliment. First, thank you. What we want to do, Nancy, is look at where we see good risk/return. As we've said for the last year, as soon as rates started to really drop, it would be really easy for us to grow revenue and to grow the net interest margin by just investing in long-dated securities. And then we'd be more at risk for a backup when it comes, and someday, it will come. I think from our perspective, we want to look at good risk/return in terms of what's out there today. There's a lot out there today in terms of securities that we can buy. But we also want to make sure that we're pretty balanced in terms of short-, medium- and long-duration assets. We think we're fairly well positioned today because we have an unrecognized gain on the balance sheet that's still pretty significant. I think it's still over $6 billion. So we think we're in pretty good shape even if we saw a rate backup. But again, in a rate backup, even if it might affect the unrecognized or unrealized gain, it would be very beneficial for the rest of the company. And again, I think that is a testament to the balance model that we have.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, you're correct, Nancy, that there's a lot of regulatory oversight in the mortgage servicing business today, whether you're talking about the CFPB upcoming activities or any of the other regulators. And we feel like we're implementing -- we began to implement changes last year. We've continued to implement more changes pursuant to the consent order, though the cost of those changes are included in all of our numbers right now.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, it was a function of one-timers that we had in the second quarter. It was a function of some security and loan runoff, and it was a function of repricing, but it was kind of all those together in terms of the decline.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, so within that number would've been the outsized equity gains that we had in the second quarter. And that's the primary driver in terms of the differential because remember, the equity gains that we had in the second quarter of about $725 million and this quarter...
Timothy J. Sloan: Right, so you would have had the gross effect of one of the legacy Wachovia positions that we're, of course, reaching a resolution on. So that was about 370, 380, and you would have had the 234 in terms of the deferred comp. And the rest of it was just a function of what was going on in the market and nothing specific.
John G. Stumpf: John, maybe I can just give you my sense. The way I think about NIM is, as Tim mentioned, we don't run the company around the NIM. We never have. We really run it around trying to add long-term shareholder value, and we think we can do that best by serving individuals and companies completely and deeply. And the things that we can manage, like loan growth and deposit growth and more customers and deeper relationships, we're doing those sorts of things. Because it's an unusual rate environment today, some of that, you don't get paid for right away. And we are making investments, and we had the best loan growth we've had in -- frankly, since the merger. And when we look at securities, we look at safety, quality. We look at the duration and all those things. And because of our strong deposit growth, we still are a very liquid company, but we continue to make investments as we see opportunistic opportunities.
John G. Stumpf: The answer is, I think, yes and no. So let me take the last question first. We don't know what the SIFI reserve or the buffer is going to be. We hope to hear sometime in the fourth quarter. And you're right. We have the annual plan coming up soon, our capital plan that we will discuss with our regulators. And we have stated publicly that -- I've stated publicly, and I think we've also -- you've seen it in Tim's comments and other things that we've written that we want to return more capital to our shareholders. And I don't want to get into specifics because the plan is just being developed now. But I'm confident that given where we are today in the absolute number, we're at 7.4% Tier 1 common, Basel to the third degree. And we're not that -- when you look at the risk profile of the company, it's not on -- we're not global. We don't have a lot of the risks that others do. And on top of that, we're generating just lots of internal capital. So you put all that together, and that's why I just don't worry about that. And I want to get as much back to shareholders as fast as we can. And dividends are an important part of it, let me just say that.
John G. Stumpf: And also, Joe, as you noticed or you've probably read that we were able to buy some loans on opportunistic basis from some international competitors that are getting out of the U.S. market.
John G. Stumpf: Yes, Betsy, let me add to that, and I appreciate that question because I think you know us well enough. We don't feel any sense of urgency to have to do something that does not make sense here. I mean, we're looking for value, and the ones we bought in this last group happened to be the higher end and the more investment-grade, names that we knew, many customers we already had something out to. But even though revenue was challenged this quarter, I feel and our team feels no sense of improper urgency to do something that does not make sense for this company. We just will not do that.
John G. Stumpf: Well, I don't know that. First of all, I would say that the #1 priority is to develop more long-term, profitable customer relationships. That's what we get up in the morning to do. And the result of that is we make money, and when you make money, you grow your capital. Again, when John asked a question about the Tier 1 common Basel III, we're already at 7.4%. I don't know what the buffer will be. As I said before, the bidding assets are between 1% and 2.5%. We are clearly on the low end or to the left if that makes it less risky. 7.4 is already 40 basis points over the minimum. And our capital generation, we're putting tons of capital on the balance sheet every quarter now, so I think it starts with relationships. From that, over time, you make money, and then you build capital.
John G. Stumpf: Brian, I would make this comment. Part of the reason that we're able to capture more share today is related to the fact that we don't have a lot of problems in our exiting portfolio. I mean, 400 basis points less in terms of delinquencies and foreclosures, that's a lot. Especially when you service 9 million mortgages or so, that becomes a big, big number. So we've continued to invest in systems and in people and in training and compliance and outreach, and even during the big refi booms, we never lost our interest or hunger in serving the purchase money markets. So what you're saying is right. I mean, they're good margins. We've got a great pipeline, and we're busy.
John G. Stumpf: Well, Erika, the first thing that -- the first call on liquidity, and I think Tim mentioned this, is to fund loans. And when you think about it, this quarter, we had $13.5 billion of core loan growth. That's a great quarter of loan growth, and that's because we're out serving customers. And I'm not going to predict what's going to happen in the fourth quarter. But our people are busy, and we're serving our retail household and the business households. And we're always looking at the market, and if we can get spreads that we think that are appropriate, recognizing that we're at record low levels. And we're not any better at market timing, so we're careful and cautious as we do that. And if you look at our cash balances, they are pretty much on top of where they were a quarter ago, even though we've made a fair amount of what we think high-quality, shorter-term investments along the way. You recognize one thing that we still don't know yet is the LCR, the liquidity coverage ratio, and that's important also. So we are, in a very balanced way, moving forward here.
John G. Stumpf: I don't -- I'm not in the prediction business, especially when it comes to Washington. But I can tell you this, our team has been very active and responsive to the requests, so we could -- from Washington and other places to help them understand our view and the calibration and what happened during previous times with previous companies and so forth and what happened with deposit runoff and loan line takedowns during times of stress, so we think we have something to offer there.
John G. Stumpf: And think of it this way, Erika. A lot of loan growth we had in the third quarter didn't come until later in the quarter. We have some purchases that we've made that will close in the fourth quarter that have been announced. And a lot of what's happened in mortgage has not yet come through, so think of it in those terms.
John G. Stumpf: In fact, Paul, that's one of the things that, I think, is missed a lot. We have like a 25% or 26% share of overall originations. But it's much higher on the refinance because of the fact that our people do such a great job in servicing, we get a disproportionate higher number of people refinancing with us because of our servicing.
John G. Stumpf: In fact, Mike, that's the only way to run a successful company. And they're short term. We can't tell from quarter to quarter, and we wouldn't try to predict that. But when you do the right thing over a long period of time, invest in your people, your distribution, your customers, serve them well, serve them broadly and deeply, revenue wins in that race.
John G. Stumpf: I don't know that number, but I can tell you that when we get to our foreclosure, customers, on average, are about 16 months past due and of the primary residence, about 25% have already abandoned the property. But I don't have the second home off the top of my head.
John G. Stumpf: Chris, the way we think about that is our focus is on building lifelong relationships with our consumers. And we have, as you know, grown checking and savings accounts dollars by $185 billion in 3 years. And they're responding to the value, the convenience and the choice that we're giving our consumers, and there's real value here. I mean, we have the most stores of any bank. We have 12,000 ATMs. We give free online and free bill pay and all these sort of things. So when you talk about how we're going to get paid for that, we're testing things, and we're going to learn. Our customers will help us understand how they want to pay for that value, that choice and that convenience. And we'll learn from those tests, and then we'll do what we think will be appropriate so we continue to grow households.
John G. Stumpf: Nancy, I must look at -- I agree to everything Tim said, and one of the things that is happening today, we're not getting recognized or paid for the wonderful deposit franchise we have. And there is real value there. Rates won't stay this low forever. They will back up, and you're going to see the real quality of the liability side. And in the interim, things look different in the market today than they looked 9 months ago. Some good and some of it's not good as far as we got QE IIs and twists and this and that, and those things could have -- it surely will have an influence on rates. But over time, rates will rise, and I think we are uniquely well positioned for that time.
John G. Stumpf: Nancy, think of it this way. A lot has changed in the mortgage business. It's really starting in 2008. There is no -- this low-doc and liar loans and stated income is all history. So if you look at the originations starting in -- it's really 2006 and 2008 vintages that we're working through. But 2008 from then on, it's really a different ballgame, first of all. Secondly, on the foreclosure side, as Tim mentioned, we have made changes. You're right. There are a lot of people and regulators and so forth that are swirling around. But in our case, most of our production is done by our people on the direct side, and we've been around this thing for a long time. And I'm confident that we've got the right people leading that organization. And you never know where all these things turn out, but it's a very different environment today vis-à-vis 5 or 6 years ago. Even we didn't participate in some of the most egregious things, we held our discipline really well during that time, not perfect but pretty darn well. I can't predict what's going to happen next, but it's a very different business.
John G. Stumpf: Well, that is a good question. First of all, I understand some of the angst and the anger. This downturn has been too long. Unemployment is too high, and people are hurting. We get that. We have 265,000 people, which most of them are in the U.S. We live and work in these communities. We're committed to lead more, hire more, lend more, be part of the solution. And I don't think you do that through an advertising program. You do that knee to knee, street corner by street corner, community by community, and that's what we're committed to do.
John G. Stumpf: I think we're all in this thing together, and I think we're all trying to respond in the most appropriate way of serving our communities, serving each other, helping to get the economy going. And again, I think this is very much about getting it done as opposed to some program of some type.
John G. Stumpf: Thank you very much. We appreciate everybody's time, and we will do this next quarter. Thank you very much.
Ed Najarian: I have a question on Page 27 of the handout, where -- it's the page where you go through the PCI accretable yield.
Ed Najarian: And you outlined the expected cash flows. It went up this quarter by about $2.5 billion, which drove the total accretable yield number up from $14.9 billion to $16.9 billion.
Ed Najarian: And then on a bullet down there, you say most of that came from the Pick-a-Pay portfolio. So I guess I'm just looking for some insight on what drove your expected cash flow on the Pick-a-Pay portfolio up that much during the quarter and then if any meaningful amount of the total accretable yield difference came from somewhere other than the Pick-a-Pay portfolio.
