John Stumpf: We have stated publicly, and I know you know this, that our payout ratio, we have targeted 50-65%. I believe the first call in capital is to grow the business, and we have ample capital to do that and meet those payout targets. With respect to M&A, remember that the biggest users of capital on an M&A side would be in the deposit side of the franchise, of which of course we are at our federal statutory number, or close to it. And the acquisitions that we have talked about being interested in would be mostly bolt-on businesses to our existing portfolio suite of the kind of 80 different businesses we do here, and predominantly in the United States.  So we’ve done some portfolios in the past. We’re still interested in things around wealth, help with retirement, but I don’t see that as a huge draw on our capital. This company is uniquely positioned that we’re producing terrific returns in absolute terms, and in relative terms. There’s plenty of liquidity and performance there to meet a number of goals. Again, investing in our business, doing strategic bolt-ons where they make sense, and returning capital to our shareholders at the kind of levels we’ve talked about.
John Stumpf: We actually added to the number of team members in the mortgage business in the fourth quarter, because we wanted to improve the customer service in the business. And we’ve seen a reduction in the time from app to close go from about 90 days to 60 days, which we view as a real positive and a competitive advantage. The mortgage business is still very strong. At $109 billion, as we mentioned, it’s our sixth consecutive quarter of originations above $100 billion. And we started this quarter with a fairly strong pipeline at $74 billion on an absolute basis, and relative to almost most quarters we’ve ever been in business.  So the business continues to be strong, and as I mentioned, we also saw an increase in purchase activity in the first quarter, up 31% year over year. I think the other positives in the business are we’ve now seen an extension of the HARP program and with rates rallying again, we’ve got more customers that could take advantage of a refinance, as well as the fact that as housing values go up, there would be more customers that could potentially take advantage of a refinance.  So I think we’re very bullish on the business. That said, our expectation is that it’s probably likely that revenues and margins will come down a little bit. All that said, to the extent that it comes down further than we think, we’ll adjust cost as or team has done through various cycles on a number of occasions. So that may happen this quarter, it may not. I kind of hope it doesn’t happen, because it means revenues will continue to be growing, so that will be nice.
John Stumpf: That’s a great point, Tim. This really plays to our strength, our One Wells Fargo, working as a team. You know, we have 30,000-plus bankers in our stores. Not every one of our customers who call us their bank has their mortgage with us, and we’ve kept our relationships with our realtor friends and our builder friends during the big refi time, and this is really where it pays off. And in Tim’s comments, he mentioned that purchase volume is up 31% year over year, so that’s really important for us.
John Stumpf: You know, John, an improving housing market sure is a good sign regarding that issue. It’s not the only thing that influences it, but that’s good news. 
John Stumpf: The way we think about this, we think this is a really important consumer product, and we have made investments in this business and have performed through a variety of cycles. We happen to think now, yes, no question, that there will be less refinancing. A lot of people have done their refinancing. But even in that area, the average rate in our servicing portfolio is just shy of 4.7%. The Street rate is, depending on the day, 100 basis points less than that. So there is still refinance volume.  But on the purchased money side, we’re going into the stronger selling season now. We have over 6,000 banking stores with bankers who are dealing with customers every day. We have 10,000 plus home mortgage consultants out with their relationships. And we will get our share, hopefully plus some. And if it’s not there, we can adjust quickly, because we have the experience, to bring our costs down and reflect that.  But remember, housing is improving every day. More people have more equity in their homes. Americans have not lost their emotional attachment to home ownership. It can’t be for everyone, but we want to be there, help as many customers as we possibly can. We like this business a lot. 
John Stumpf: And the overall market, the overall purchase, still it’s low by historical standards. A normal market is a pretty good market for us.
John Stumpf: You know, as Tim mentioned, I think, in his comments, this is really, we think, a strength for the company, to have the kind of liquidity available. And we make risk-return decisions every day. And when we think it’s favorable and in our shareholders’ interest, we will deploy that. And if we don’t think the right risk-return ratio is there, we’re willing to pass. And we don’t have to do something. But this is a source of strength.
John Stumpf: If you look at some of the drivers, if you look at household formation, if you look at cost of financing, cost of housing, there’s a lot of tailwinds, a lot of favorable attributes. Now, nobody can predict what’s going to happen, but if anything today there’s probably a shortage of housing on the market.
John Stumpf: It’s not true in every market and at every price range, but when I’m out talking with realtors and customers, the amount of supply, especially in the lower end or starter houses, there’s not a lot of supply out there.
John Stumpf: I would say the housing market is as much driven by confidence and by improvements in values as it is with rates. I don’t know of many people are on the sidelines and say, “I’ll only buy a house if the rate’s 3.25%, and I won’t buy at 4.25%.” I think it’s about jobs, about confidence, about feeling good about where things are going. Think about when you buy a house, it’s what you make, what the house costs, and what your financing costs are that are the big three. But housing is improving at different levels, but virtually everywhere we see in the country.
John Stumpf: Sure, in fact, I was in Washington this last week, and went by and actually toured our first neighborhood store. You think of it as a branch. And it’s a terrific combination of using technology and convenience, both for hours and after hours, so it really is a dual purpose that way.  You know, our view around distribution is that it’s more of a distribution community where you have stores and ATMs and online and mobile, and phones all working together. And that’s part of the magic of how we deepen, cross-sell, and how we build customer loyalty. We don’t have a plan per se that says so many of the neighborhood versus so many of traditional. But they all work, because even our millennial customers who are much more skewed towards self-service and mobile devices still want and need stores.  And in some places, you can’t get a 3,000 or 4,000 square foot space, where 1,000 square feet works just as well, in fact better. And so look for us to do more. It’s a test and learn kind of mode. And it’s going to help us grow and deepen the relationships. 
John Stumpf: Let me just reiterate what Tim said here. Part of our balanced model is we don’t speculate. We don’t try to speculate in this business around where we think interest rates are going to go. We could have been sitting here a year ago and said they have to be going up. And actually they went down. So the balanced model is more around when rates are higher, we have more value in the servicing asset, and when rates are lower, we tend to do more gain on sale with production. So surely those two are related to one another, but we’re not in the business of taking a view on rates and then adjusting the hedge accordingly.
John Stumpf: First of all, I want to tip my hat to all the team members who helped make that merger the best one I’ve been around, and it was the largest, of course, in U.S. bank history. And it’s so rewarding to see the activity happening in the east with adding stores, adding team members in stores.  In fact, if you look at productivity numbers, sales per day, referrals, cross-sell, the gap is closing rapidly. In fact, some of the best innovations and ideas we’re getting now for future growth come from our newest team members. In fact, it’s hard to distinguish east and west anymore. It’s quite pluralistic in its performance. So it’s hard for me to give a percentage. I think we can get better across the franchise.  But I just couldn’t be happier with it. And if I had to pick a percentage I’d say, you know, well into the final quartile of performance closing. It’s just been that good. And we continue to add people there, incidentally. 
John Stumpf: As I mentioned in my comments, we have a positive view, sure in the near term outlook, about steady gains in home sales, billing activity, and price appreciation. We’re seeing that in most of the markets, or frankly the lion’s share of the markets. And when that happens, good things happen here on all things related to real estate. It’s better for our home equity portfolio, for our reverse mortgage portfolio. It’s better for production activity at the mortgage company. So surely things are improving.
John Stumpf: We’ll look at that opportunistically. We had a $150 million gain from that. We find opportunities. We surely will do what we think makes most sense for our portfolio and for our stockholders.
John Stumpf: I’d add that we are making investments, and we want to continue to make those investments. And we won’t be, as I said before, slavish to anything here, because for example we’re doing wonderful, innovative things to help customers on things mobile and tablet-wise. We just talked a few minutes ago about our neighborhood store. We’re making investments, frankly, in compliance and governance, all kinds of different things.  On the other hand, some things, just because you did it that way for 20 years doesn’t mean you need to do it for the next 20 years. And we’re finding different ways to improve customer service, customer loyalty, deepening relationships, at the same time getting rid of expenses that don’t add value.  Tim mentioned a few seconds ago just space. Four years ago, we had about 115-116 million square feet. Now we’re down to 95-98 million square feet. It’s down 10-12%. And yet we have more people, more customers, more products, more services. And I think that’s the magic here. We continue to invest, but we do all agree we can still do more. And this is a bottoms-up exercise, and it’s just part of doing business. There’s no destination here. This is a journey.
John Stumpf: For example, adding more bankers in stores and getting referrals to the mortgage company. Having ATMs that give paperless receipts. Taking paper out of stores and not having to have as many Brink’s pickups. The way people can now buy products and services on their mobile devices and other self-service activities. It’s a number of things that help reinforce just when, where, and how people want to be serviced.  There’s actually a lot of innovation going on in the industry. More of it happens to be within creating this distribution community, whether it be on the small business, large business, consumer side, as opposed to a different whiz bang kind of product. It’s much more about the overall service. and availability.
John Stumpf: Thanks again. We ran over a little here, but thank you for your interest in Wells Fargo, and for your questions. We’re always available to you, and we’ll see you next quarter at the same time. Thank you.
Tim Sloan: That’s a really good question, because our liquidity levels are low. We view that as a real positive for the company. Clearly the first call on our liquidity is always going to be for our customers, and we’ve seen good loan growth year over year. Our core loans are up $50 billion. But even with that, as you point out, we’ve seen very strong deposit growth. We did deploy some of that liquidity that wasn’t need for loan growth in the first quarter at a slightly higher rate than what we’ve seen in the last year, when we saw rates back up. As you’ll recall, we saw rates back up toward the end of the fourth quarter, and we purchased some securities. They dipped back down and then they backed up again throughout the quarter, and we purchased $17.8 billion of MBS. Our plan continues to be to make the right long term decisions and the risk risk-adjusted decisions in terms of how we deploy our excess liquidity. We don’t want to significantly increase duration. So our liquidity is up. We view that as a positive, and we’re looking forward to deploying it in the future.
Tim Sloan: I think that’s a really good point, and the way that our team thinks about it, and one of the reasons we want to make sure that we’re adequately staffed is that we do view the purchase market as a big opportunity, and so that as refinancing volume comes down, which it’s come down over the last few quarters, we have our sales folks out there and our bankers out there being more proactive with our customers.
Tim Sloan: Good question, because at 2.56%, it’s historically high, and really right on top of what we saw in the fourth quarter. Recall that our accounting convention is to recognize most of the gain on sale when we book the loan, and so the primary secondary spread changes in the quarter, and rate movements was really beneficial. I think in terms of outlook, let me throw some numbers at you, and then you can conclude what you think the right gain on sale margin might be. If you look over the last four years, and I’m going to use some yearly averages, the highest average we had was not surprisingly in 2012, which was 2.33%. The lowest average that we had, which was in 2011, was 1.61%. And so when you step back and look at 2.56%, I think it’s reasonable, as we said in the fourth quarter, to assume that the gain on sale is going to come down. My guess is it will probably end up somewhere in the range of between 1.61% and 2.33%. But I don’t know exactly where it’s going to be within that range.
Tim Sloan: Well, I hope it’s sooner rather than later, and I don’t know for sure, but when we think about our mortgage repurchase reserve, we not only look at what the current demands are, but also what expected demands are. And so it has come down now for the last three or four quarters, which we’re pleased with. But we just haven’t seen that yet. We need to be very comfortable that not only current demands but also future expected demands are going to come down. Hopefully it will be in the next few quarters.
Tim Sloan: I certainly appreciate that share count is a big focus. Candidly, earnings per share is a bigger focus for us, and we’ve been pleased to be able to grow that for the last 13 quarters. I think that when you think about the fact that last year we repurchased 120 million shares, the likelihood - again, this is a function of our share price that we repurchase shares at - the likelihood is that we will probably repurchase more shares than we did last year, and probably repurchase more shares than we issue. And we’ll know in a year.  But again, our primary focus is going to be growing earnings per share. But make no mistake, our capital plan calls for an increase in total share repurchase dollars versus what we did last year. And we are going to be repurchasing our shares at a greater rate this year than last. 
Tim Sloan: Yes, we did. I think that when you look at net interest income we could have had the same conversation a year ago and had the same concerns, and they would have been absolutely valid. But last year we were able to grow our net interest income by over $500 million. And our expectation is that we should be able to grow it this year. Again, it’s harder to see this quarter, because of the two fewer days, but if you step back and look at the last three quarters, you can see that notwithstanding the decline in net interest margin, that the net interest income has more or less bottomed at about $10.6 billion.
Tim Sloan: Well, recall that the primary driver for the decline in the net interest margin, just look over the last three years, 12 quarters. The decline has been 79 basis points. Almost three-quarters of that decline has been driven by the fact that deposits are growing. Again, we view that as a very positive sign for the long term growth of the company. When you pull that out, that net differential is really the decline in overall margin.  So my bet is that if we see further net interest margin decline, it’s probably more likely going to be driven by deposit growth than by margins. But there’s no question that the net interest margin in this interest rate environment, as the balance sheet reprices, continues to be under pressure. But again, let me emphasize, we believe that we can grow net interest income just like we did last year, year over year, even in this environment. 
Tim Sloan: No, and I wouldn’t describe it as up fronting. Clearly there was some OCC guidance that we had for a portion of the portfolio that we needed to address, and others in the industry addressed this. I would view this as the charge off level and the credit performance as just being terrific. And I don’t believe that this is the bottom in terms of consumer loan losses.  Again, the commercial losses are a little bit different story. At 10 basis points, it doesn’t take a lot of change to increase those or even decrease them a little bit. But in terms of consumer loan losses at 123 basis points, our guess is that assuming the economy continues to improve, and assuming that we’re going to continue to see an improvement in the residential housing market, which we think’s going to happen, we should continue to see a decline. 
Tim Sloan: Well, I don’t know what the number’s going to be. We just wanted to make sure that you all didn’t use the tax rate in the first quarter and then just annualize it. I think it will be closer to more historical levels that we’ve seen in other quarters or other years where we haven’t had some tax benefit like we had in the fourth quarter.
Tim Sloan: And Moshe, let me just give you a couple of other numbers to put it in perspective. A year ago our pipeline, starting in the second quarter, was $79 billion, and now we’re at $74 billion. And 35% of that $74 billion pipeline is purchased money activity. And that’s an increase from about 24% a year ago. So it is having some impact, which we’re very excited about.
Tim Sloan: The decline in share in the correspondent business, there wasn’t anything in particular going on. I think it’s just a very competitive market. But as it relates to the MSR, you probably saw this week that we did sell some reverse mortgage MSR.  I wouldn’t describe that as a strategic change in terms of our thought about the overall MSR. That just reflects the fact that we got out of that business, originating those loans, a couple of years ago, and we thought it was prudent to continue to reduce our servicing activity in that business. There’s really been no change in our view of the MSR. It’s still an important asset for the company, and from time to time we may decide to sell, but again, I wouldn’t read too much into the sale of the reverse mortgage MSR. 
Tim Sloan: I don’t know if it will be another wave. Our HARP originations in the first quarter were 10%, which was down from the midteens that we saw last year. I think this is a positive. The HARP program has been a very successful program. I think the numbers nationwide are over 2.2 million homeowners have been able to refinance via HARP. So it’s been a successful program. I don’t think it will be a new wave, but continuation is very good.
Tim Sloan: I think if we see rates go up from here, you could see us being as active as we were in the first quarter. We’ve got a fairly, on a percentage basis, and also absolute levels, a pretty sizable backup in the first quarter. If you’ll recall, there were some days when the 10-year was above 220, and MBS was very attractive. And from our perspective, given the amount of liquidity that we have, and given that we want to maintain a pretty steady duration and we don’t want to take excessive credit risk, it just makes sense to take advantage of those opportunities. We’re not going to deploy all of it on one day, but again, given our liquidity, to be able to deploy $17.8 billion in the quarter on an opportunistic basis was very good from our perspective.
Tim Sloan: Well, I wouldn’t jump to any conclusions about loan growth in the industry in the first quarter. If you look at the HA data, for the last few years the first quarter tends to be a seasonally low quarter, and what I would do, and again, this is just me, I’d take the first quarter decline for the industry and also then add to that the fourth quarter that we saw last quarter increase and probably average those together. And remember, the fourth quarter of last year was extremely high, because of some of the changes and decisions that folks were making because of the potential changes in taxes and the code and so on. So again, I think what we’re seeing in the industry is a steady loan growth if you average over the last few years at about one-ish percent on a quarterly basis. We’ve been fortunate because we’ve been able to grow at a multiple of that.
Tim Sloan: And then the second part of your question, which is related to the interest rate risk and how do we protect ourselves, we’re actually positioned very well over the medium and longer term to benefit from an increase in interest rates. Again, as long as it’s not such a large increase that it negatively affects economic growth. But we’re positioned very well, and it’s one of the reasons why we continue to maintain the level of liquidity that we have. 
Tim Sloan: That’s a good question. Recall that the primary driver for the reason why we wanted to hold some of our first mortgage production in the third and fourth quarters of last year was because interest rates and investment alternatives, given the level of liquidity, were just very unattractive from our perspective, if you think about where rates were in almost all categories in the third quarter and the fourth quarter last year. That’s the primary driver, not necessarily the gain on sale margin.  So as we looked at the first quarter, and we mentioned this last quarter, we saw the opportunity to invest because rates seemed like they were backing up and we took advantage of that rather than hold our first mortgage production. So that’s going to be the driver. It’s investment alternatives, not gain on sale margins.  But certainly, if, for whatever reason, rates would really rally from here, and we could see a repeat of the third and the fourth quarter, we would reconsider holding some of those mortgages again. That remains an option, and that’s another strength of the business.
Tim Sloan: Well, I’m always careful not to disagree with you, but I wouldn’t say that $10.4 billion of net interest income stunk. I mean, it was down, but if you just added two extra days, and that’s an issue with the calendar, it would have been $10.6 billion. And we actually think, in the environment, when you look at the entire industry, that that was very good performance.  But having said that, I think that the answer to your second question is it’s all of the above. We have consistently been able to grow our loans at a multiple of what the market’s growing. That’s number one. And number two, we’re going to continue to take advantage and deploy our liquidity when we see rates back up like we did in the first quarter and we bought $17.8 billion worth of securities.  And so again, we could have had the same conversation - I think we actually did - about a year ago, when we looked at where rates were, and where loan growth was. The industry was coming off a seasonal low, just like it is this quarter. And so our perspective is that we can grow net interest income and the next quarter we’ll see if we were able to do it. But that’s our goal.
Tim Sloan: Yeah, that’s a good question. Recall that when we talked about our first quarter earnings, we gave some specific guidance that we had purchased some MBS at the end of December when rates backed up a fair amount. And then you saw a rally again. They backed up again in early January, and we were purchasers. And then it kind of went back and forth a bit, and then we saw a nice backup about a month or so ago, and so we were pretty active, which is why the average was less than what the total purchases were. And so you’re going to see more of the benefit of those purchases as we go through this quarter.
Tim Sloan: Oh, it could be a few hundred million dollars more. I wouldn’t take that $750 million and just deduct it and say that’s going to be the second quarter. We’re going to have an impact for merit. I think we’re also going to continue to invest in both people as well as technology and products. So we want to continue to grow the franchise. So I wouldn’t just deduct that and call that our expenses for the second quarter.
Tim Sloan: We’ll, I think you make a fair point, and that’s one of the reasons why we reiterated that we do expect in the future to continue to see reserve releases absent some big deterioration in the economy. So our expectation is that we will see more releases and again, it’s going to be a function of the improving credit. And we’ve seen that now consistently. I think one of the important things to remember is that our reserve release is a relatively small part of our total earnings. I think it’s less than 5% this quarter.
Tim Sloan: Well, Marty, I think you’re correct in that the pipeline was very strong. It was about what we saw a year ago at this time. And again, I think that the complexion of the pipeline is a little bit different because a bigger percentage relates to purchased money activity. I don’t know what the originations are going to be for the quarter.  I think the other thing to remember, and I referred to it, probably could have been a little bit clearer, and that is that we have an appropriate level of staffing to take advantage of opportunities out there in the mortgage business. That’s allowed us to reduce the application to close period from about 90 days to 60 days. And so you can’t really see that in the numbers, but that would portend some pretty good origination activity. But in terms of what the number is going to be, we don’t know for sure. 
Tim Sloan: It certainly could. I don’t know if I would necessarily agree with the $5-6 billion, but certainly we could see an increase in value of the servicing asset as rates go up. I’d also just want to make clear that as housing values go up, when you think about modeling that out, that also potentially has a negative impact on the servicing value because it’s more likely that our customers could refinance as valuations go up. So there’s a little bit of a put and take there. But there’s no question that one of the benefits of the balanced model is that when you’ve got a servicing asset and rates go up, it becomes more valuable. So that could be a source of earnings in the future.
Tim Sloan: We want to make sure that we’ve got the mortgage servicing asset appropriately hedged, and we’re not going to speculate in interest rates in terms of how we hedge that asset, because we could just as well be right as wrong. So my guess is that we will get some benefit, but it’s not as if we’re going to make a decision one morning to completely unhedged the portfolio because we think that rates are going to go up. That would be a very, very bad decision.
Tim Sloan: Let me just push back a little bit in that we don’t consider the accounting in and around the MSRs black box accounting. We follow generally accepted accounting principles that are reviewed both internally and externally, and we think they’re very sound. I know there are some commentators that are out there that get confused by generally accepted accounting principles and think that they’re hard to follow, but they’re not. Having said that, I think the fundamental part of your question is that when we look at the servicing business, it’s a really good business. The servicing business has been so valuable for us over the last few years, but in particular it’s been very valuable over the last couple of years because of the fact that it’s put us in the position to be able to originate as many refinance opportunities as we have been, which has just been terrific.  The capital implications of the MSR, given the new Basel III capital rules, creates an overlay over the asset itself in that it could be, in certain circumstances, a potential deduct to capital levels. And that’s just something that we need to take into consideration, and it’s something we think a lot about. And as we’ve said, from time to time, it may make sense to consider selling some of the MSR. We’ve sold servicing in the past, we’ve sold the reverse mortgage part of the reverse mortgage MSR this last week, which we were pleased with.  So that could happen from time to time, but it doesn’t change our view that the servicing business is a very important business for the company and is very valuable at all times, but in particular the period we’ve been through.
Tim Sloan: I think if you looked at the gain on sale historically, it’s been all over the place, on a comparative basis, between the two channels. My best guess is they’ll probably come down at the same level, but I don’t know for sure.
Tim Sloan: I think it represents some upside. And we were very clear when we brought nonaccretable to accretable and updated the estimate of cash flows last year in the third quarter, that if we continued to see an improvement in not only the housing market but also in terms of the performance of the underlying asset, because that’s a very important part of the valuation, that we could see some upside. That didn’t happen this quarter, but given the continued improvement, it certainly could over the next few quarters.
Tim Sloan: I think just to reinforce that, we marked this portfolio four years ago, and we just could not be more pleased with the performance. And the expectations will change over time, but if there’s an opportunity to pull through some of our forecasted accretion, we’re going to go ahead and do that. 
Tim Sloan: Again, I think that the focus of the company is to improve our expense efficiency, and so when we say that expenses are too high, given the current level of revenue, we think that we can improve our efficiency, which is why we have that range of 55-59%.  There’s no one kind of magic change that we can make, that if we can just get through a certain project that it will get us down to 55%. It’s really a function of lots of projects all around the company. It’s improving the efficiency of our corporate properties and all of our square footage. It’s using technology to reduce cost in our businesses.  And so sometimes there’s some investment related to that. It’s continuing to make sure that our folks are all in the appropriate locations. And it’s little things. There’s literally hundreds of projects going on right now in the company such that we’re focused on reducing cost. So I’d love to be able to give you two big items, but it’s just not really the way it works, now that we’re done with the integration.  But I would also reinforce that apart and separate from the proactive projects that we have, the environmental costs are continuing to come down, so that we see, with an improving economy, particularly an improving residential mortgage business, that we could see continued improvement in our environmental costs apart and separate from anything else we’re doing internally. John, I don’t know if you want to…
Tim Sloan: No, not really, because recall that in the third quarter of last year when we made the adjustment, and removed some of the nonaccretable to accretable, and also increased our expectation of cash flows, even though when you totaled it up it was over $4 billion in total, because the average life of the underlying loans is 12-plus years, the incremental increase in terms of net interest income or net interest margin in a given quarter is actually relatively small. It will have some impact, but it’s not a primary driver for why we think net interest income can go up in this environment. 
