John Stumpf: Thanks Bob and thanks to everyone who has joined us on this call. We appreciate your interest in Wells Fargo. Before I turn this over to Howard Atkins for a more in-depth review of our results this quarter, let me review some highlights from the quarter and why I am excited about how Wells Fargo is positioned for the future. Our first quarter results reflect underlying strength, with revenue growth that demonstrates the power of our diversified business model and combined franchise. In fact, during the challenging economic environment of the past couple of years, which continues to affect employment, housing values, loan demand and interest rates, we have been afforded a great opportunity to clearly demonstrate how well our business model works for our customers and for shareholders, not matter what the economic conditions are. This wasn’t by chance, but reflects the benefit of our longstanding focus on diversification. Our team has continued to meet our customers’ financial needs, while pulling together to make our merger with Wachovia, the largest in US banking history a success. Over the past year, we have completed a tremendous amount of work behind the scenes, choosing and enhancing systems and products, aligning jobs and completing detailed integration plans. So, we are now well prepared for the more visible work you will see happening this year and next. Today, we have converted a number of business lines including mortgage and credit card and four of our overlapping banking states, and we are preparing to complete the California conversion this weekend. Texas, our last overlapping state would be converted in July. Our eastern states would be converting in the third quarter and we are on schedule to complete all conversions by the end of 2011 as we have planned. This merger has been a team effort and our entire team is working exceptionally well together. Culturally and financially, this merger is exceeding my expectations and I couldn’t be more excited about the opportunities ahead. At this point, we believe we have turned the corner on many of the credit challenges of the past two years. Throughout this economic downturn, we have continued to lend to our customers, but customer demand and therefore earnings asset growth remains soft. Against this backdrop, it’s important to note that we remain firmly committed to our discipline in managing credit risks and interest rate risks and to managing our company for long-term earnings growth, not short-term quarterly results. In short, we believe we have had demonstrable success throughout these tough economic times and we positioned our franchise well for better economic times ahead. We have held on to customers by providing a full spectrum of products and services to meet their needs throughout this period. We have dominant market positions in consumer, commercial, retail brokerage and other key business areas. We have a tremendous nationwide distribution network. In other words, Wells Fargo has proven to have the right business model and it’s right where it needs to be to be successful going forward. In our view, while the US economy is gradually regaining its footing, it has yet to deliver a broad base recovery for our country and for many of our customers. Though the signs of strength we are seeing in the economy are encouraging, we are not counting on them alone to deliver the performance you come to expect from Wells Fargo. I am confident our company will continue to find and leverage opportunities that are unique to our diversified business model, our valued customer relationships and our disciplined approach to managing our balance sheet. Now, let me turn this over to Howard Atkins, our Chief Financial Officer.
John Stumpf: Yes, this is a long-term proposition. We obviously evaluated quarter-to-quarter, but securities were down, you know, maturing, and we are keeping our powder dry. We obviously manage interest rate risk very carefully. We want to keep our rate risk as neutral as we can, but we still think that the right thing to do is invest for the long term.
John Stumpf: We have been relatively fully hedged as you would expect as long as long-term rates have been coming down as they have for the last several years. We did shift the composition in the hedge somewhat in the quarter, which is not unusual, but we do want to take into account the possibility of extension risk in the hedges and if anything we may have tilted a little bit towards a slightly lower hedge, because we think again the odds of higher long-term rates are greater than the odds of lower long-term rates. So, naturally, in that kind of situation, we would be a little bit less hedged, but I don’t want to make too much of that. We didn’t significantly reduce the size of the hedge, we are just sort of tilting that way a little bit.
John Stumpf: Yes, again, we are being very cautious and very diligent about that. And we did as I mentioned take in some this quarter, and there’s more to come if this process continues and things improve, definitely some possibility there down the road.
John Stumpf: I think, John, the takeaway here is cash flows are improving. We are starting to move very cautiously, but moving non-accretable into accretable. More and more of these loans, we are moving out of the Pick-a-Pay category into fixed rates, if they don’t have the negative opportunity and we feel good about where we are in that portfolio.
John Stumpf: Well, we are in that business. We think it’s an important product to offer as part of the product suite to help customers succeed financially. We are doing that business. Obviously, differently in some cases we had in the past, but frankly, now is some of the better time we do that business. And I think as a general statement, consumers will probably borrow less in the future compared to the past as they save more, but we are not exiting that business.
John Stumpf: As we sell more and deepen relationships with the customers, we do business with one in three Americans one way or another. So, I can’t make that prediction, but we sure liked the performance of our advantages over the last few years.
John Stumpf: Actually the bigger cost, and I have to be honest about it is all the people we have debt against, all the modifications and the workout and so forth, that is not an insignificant number. And as we get through this cycle, of course, we will be very thoughtful about taking those numbers down and getting that team right-sized.
John Stumpf: We have 17,400 people decked against just in them mortgage company. So, I mean, that’s one area of doing modifications and there’s lot of other folks around here doing commercial and other areas in loss mitigation, besides all the appraisal costs, legal costs and so forth.
John Stumpf: Yes, I think at the end of the day, we don’t think these programs are going to have a meaningful difference in net losses. It’s just we are using many of these tools already in the toolbox and so whether it be 2MP or whatever the case is, we are working with these customers and in most cases, where we do use a principal forgiveness, customer has to have at least enough income to pay the new payment and he has to look at a house or a housing situation where there is a highly unlikely valuable comeback in any reasonable period of time. But this is just one of a number of tools that we use as we work with these customers.
John Stumpf: And we have been reinvesting right in distribution, and people, and that’s – we always want to do that, so we can serve our customers completely and develop those relationships.
John Stumpf: As I think I had mentioned in the past, I actually grew up as a collector, and the things that caused delinquency and frankly loss, the same things that were there 35 years ago when I started and the biggest issue there is unemployment. If people have a job, they want to intend to pay their bills. So, what causes loans to go into a delinquency situation typically is, you know, if you want the big four, it’s death, divorce, unscheduled medical payment, and a lack of a job. And lack of a job is the big one. So, we have many, many of our customers in the home equity area who are either high laundering value over 100% combined on the value who are paying as agreed never missed a payment. The factors in many cases, there’s little correlation between LTV and delinquency, but there is a big correlation between high LTV and loss, because when they don’t have any income and they are upside down, there is going to be a loss there.
John Stumpf: Betsy, so I look at jobs more than, than I look at LTVs with respect to the performance of the home equity portfolio.
John Stumpf: Well, again, it’s secured to the extent that there is collateral there, right. But it is also people are – there has been times in my life I have been upside down on a mortgage and if you give people a job, they want to stay in their home, they pay.
John Stumpf: I don’t, I think through the first quarter, we have forgiven 2.8 billion on programs outside of HAMP, and we think that was the right thing to do, and it’s just one of the tools we use and it doesn’t work for every customer. But no, that won’t have a significant impact on how we look at reserves or how we look at that portfolio.
John Stumpf: And frankly, Chris, we have been also sellers. As you recall, when we think things are at the right time, we have moved assets off the balance sheet, because we are afraid of things going up. So, I think we have shown discipline overtime, both in the buy and sell side.
John Stumpf: On the Wells side, we are never in that business, and Wachovia was mostly in commercial real estate, but exited that business toward the end of 2007, which was a year before the merger.
John Stumpf: And we are also moving the portfolio away from the Pick-a-Pay option to a fixed or a non (inaudible) kind of product. So, Nancy, about two-thirds of our PCI portfolio in Pick-a-Pay is in California and over 50% of the total portfolio is here, which has been good news for us, because that kind of house in the average loan, there is 220,000 or so is more of a starter home, and that housing has reached a bottom and probably bounced off the bottom here. So, of all the portfolios I worry a lot about, this is not one of them.
John Stumpf: Yes, what happens, Nancy, is that typically on the upside, when rates start to turn around, we actually at least it works historically, historically we actually see a benefit because some of the deposits we have are fixed rate and some of the assets re-priced earlier, and secondly, this company versus almost any other of our competitors, so many of our deposits are either interest-free or near-free that they don’t re-price and we are paying the price today, because you can’t bring them any lower than zero in their costs. And when rates turn around, they become more valuable of course. So, who knows what happens as time goes on, but we want to be competitive, we want to give our deposit rates a fair deal, and we are thoughtful on the way up, but I don’t view that as a big risk.
John Stumpf: Yes, the developers are working the projects, Joe. That’s exactly the issue. We are not experts in this, and we will – the ultimate resolution that maximizes values where we want to be, so many cases, we will put something on accrual. We will still be quacking interest, like Howard said, almost half of our commercial real estate loans that are non-accrual are still paying the interests, but we want to be conservative and take that route and get those things worked out.
John Stumpf: I think we have mentioned that it’s a $500 million impact for this year.Joe Morford – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Fair enough, thanks so much.
John Stumpf: Thank you. Is the operator there? Okay, thank you all very much for joining the call. We appreciate your interest in our company, and we thank you for your time. And we will talk to you next quarter at the same time. Thank you very much.
Howard Atkins: You know, we think we are pretty far along. Most of the activity here relates to some of the older vintages which we think of now been clearing through. So, obviously, we take this one quarter at a time, but we did add pretty significant $400 million to the reserve in the quarter, and we think it’s a robust reserve at this point.
Howard Atkins: So, ironically, the 4 basis points is largely attributable to the strong deposit growth that we have had in the quarter. We are as I mentioned, very, very liquid. We continue to get this very strong deposit growth and soft loan demand, and we are keeping our powder dry on the investment portfolio. So, what all that means is the deposit growth, which is good for revenue and good for earnings is really winding up being invested in short-term cash. So, that’s really why the margin went down to 4 basis points. And we will take the deposit growth because that really is belief to all kinds of other good things in the company and we will just to have see where loan demand goes.
Howard Atkins: We didn’t. The overall hedging result was down about $900 million in the quarter to bring it roughly in line with where hedging results were in the early part of last year, sort of more typical for this point in the cycle, largely due to a change in the composition of the hedge, and as I say, we tilted a little bit more from higher coupon mortgage forwards into lower note rates and the interest rate swops to get a little bit more balance in the hedge.
Howard Atkins: That’s correct. The more important of that would be the modification. So, we have been very successful modifying this portfolio, and as a result –
Howard Atkins: That’s basically, it’s roughly from here, but again that’s an estimate. These portfolios have, you know, it’s duration, it’s not fixed maturities. So, that can change as the interest rates change up and down over the cycle.
Howard Atkins: It’s rough John, it’s going to change, okay. I mean, the main point is it’s going to – we are not taking all of this into income either way, and it will just be spread over a period of time as these loan balances mature over that time period.
Howard Atkins: The NPAs themselves at this point given the fact that short-term interest rates are so low, it’s really not a big, not a big impact. As I said before, the bigger impact is the cash that we have on the balance sheet that’s been built up on the trend basis, but –
Howard Atkins: I mean, just to give you some ideas, as I mentioned earlier, if you just add up all the foreclosed property expense and the people that we have got decked up against loan resolution, that cost alone is up about $250 million from a year ago, maybe running around $150 million to $170 million in the first quarter of this year, above the average from last year. So, that’s going to stay high for a short period of time, but really does represent a pretty important opportunity down the road to unwind those costs in the future.
Howard Atkins: Yes, we do this a lot of different ways. We have been modifying seconds frankly for a long period of time. So, the program here is really not very different from the way we have been doing it all along. We do modify in terms, sometimes in terms of principal. So, we reuse all of that just to make this happen.
Howard Atkins: And I would say that the 2MP program itself again is very consistent with the way we have always been modifying seconds. And therefore you could conclude that the estimates of what that means financially, we have already in effect accounted this in our reserve position.
Howard Atkins: And again, Betsy, just keep in mind that while HAMP is new and 2MP is new, we have been modifying these portfolios for the last five quarters. So, that’s not new. So, we are going to imply all of these methods for a longer period of time.
Howard Atkins: Look, I think the notion of buying really long-term assets before the FED is actually even started tightening is just something that we would need to think really carefully about. So, this is not new, Chris. We have always managed the portfolio this way as you know. We keep our investment portfolio. It self pretty liquidates, it’s typically mortgage-backed securities, and –
Howard Atkins: Plain vanilla, it’s designed to frankly manage to keep the balance sheet risk, interest rate risk neutral against a growing base of long duration deposits that we have on the other side of the balance sheet. And it just makes sense to us to take our time here and do this right as we always have.
Howard Atkins: And in the meantime, Chris, as you know, we have also been paying down debt on the other side of the balance sheet. We have very, very flexible debt issuance position right now, but we have relative to large peers about half as much debt maturing in the next couple of years the other big companies. So, we actually think of the balance sheet as being a very flexible position and when – we are going to manage it as neutrally as we can.
Howard Atkins: And it did include the 50-somewhat million dollar item that we indicated. You know, likely that it will be slightly down over the balance of the year. And again, that gets impacted in our case, but as you know, about the mix between taxable income and tax-exempt income in the overall net income before tax. So, that’s one of the reason it goes up and down, but I think you should expect it to be down a little bit over 2010.
Howard Atkins: We haven’t, but I think generally you could assume that we have written it down to fair value at kind of the worst point in the cycle.
Howard Atkins: Sorry, $82 billion, that’s declining couple of billion dollars a quarter. So, we are down $10 billion year-over-year. So, do the math, as we said before, it’s around 9 years or so left of duration perspective.
Howard Atkins: Again, a lot of that phenomenon in part is due to the nature of the portfolio being a secured portfolio. So, the sequencing is we charge it down, write it down, but it may hang in non-accrual for a period of time as either the commercial loan gets worked for or the consumer real estate gets modified or something else happens to the loans. So, it’s just the nature of the portfolio, Moshe.
Howard Atkins: Well, It think the modification process and the fact that so many of these loans are now out there is taking perhaps a little bit longer than we normally take in prior cycles, but fundamentally, it’s the nature of the portfolio again being very different than unsecured portfolio. We have just much higher losses, but you are getting rid of the (inaudible).
