John Shrewsberry: Well, on the second part of your question, it’s tough to say. Now we’re analyzing the reserve every quarter and to the extent that there's continued improvement in consumer real estate in particular, it’s certainly possible that that produces incremental benefit that absorbs some of what's happening on the oil and gas side, that's been true for a while and it may continue to be true for a while. Housing -- housing has been strong and that doesn't feel likely to reverse course right now. But again we only know at the end of the quarter.  With respect to the pace or the trend of incremental reserving throughout the year. We're constantly reassessing borrower quality, we're doing a semi-annual borrowing base redetermination on E&P loans where we are in the middle of the spring redetermination period right now, call it 20%, 25% have been completed, so we'll have the rest of that information, that's name by name, capital structure by capital structure. So that will continue to inform things and we've definitely taken steps or -- for example, categorize loans as non-performing even if we haven't completed their spring redetermination. But my sense is there's more information there. So this is going to go on for a while. We’re in the $40 context today, we were in the 30’s for a while. Some of these capital structures just need to be restructured. That will take some time. And my assumption is that we're going to be talking about this all year. I don't know that we'll continue to reserve at this pace all year. Because we feel great about a reserve at the end of the first quarter and it reflects everything that we know. But I'd be hesitant to tell you that this was the big quarter, or this was the quarter, things will unfold as they're going to unfold depending on what happens with what prices, both spot and forward and the pace of restructurings of services and E&P companies. 
John Shrewsberry: So our estimation is that we've gotten the full benefit of the December rate hike. The benefit on the asset side, the cost on the liability side, we talked about the impact on deposits which has been negligible. And so I think that's in the run rate at this point. 
John Shrewsberry: Sure. Well, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks in the consumer portfolios, all of them were growing, MSA by MSA and comparing the performance of our borrowers in the areas that are highly levered to energy. That the greater than 3% employment is one measure that we use but we've also included Houston for example to your point about Texas being hard hit even though it doesn't qualify with the 3% employment trigger. And what we've discovered is those areas have been performing better than average for a long time, no surprise, because that's where all the growth has been coming from and they're starting to look more average. So whether it's measures of delinquency, in some cases measures of LTV based on what's changing in asset values, they look a little bit more average. So it doesn't feel like it’s a at least at this point that it's another shoe to drop in the short term. But as you expect less employment, people will – loans will perform differently.  In commercial real estate, which is where we have a big presence, we've recently done a deep dive in Texas in particular. And office vacancies are somewhat higher in the Houston area, no surprise, I think about 20% including sublease space. Multifamily is a little bit weaker. And so we're looking at that first and foremost frankly with respect to what it means to our risk, to our own portfolio and we feel fine about what our exposures are there. But those are things that those regions are going to have to grapple with. So when it comes to growth rates or people who have more concentrated exposures than that, that probably is the first second order what people are going to have to look out for. More broadly speaking, I think we still feel we're in a 2% environment. There are obvious pockets of strength around the country but when you move out of oil and gas, we're in the same low growth, better consumer, strong employment environment that we've been operating in for a couple of years, not enough to make it feel like rates are going to move as a result of it but not enough to feel like we're stalling either. 
John Shrewsberry: So it will be informed week by week, quarter by quarter as we assess the likelihood of increases in both short and consequently long term rates. We won’t sit idly on continuous increases in cash forever. We're going to have to put some of it to work, we’re very cautious about what it means entering at these levels in terms of capital impact in the future, if a subsequent rate rise does occur that's obviously a big issue for us. And we'd like to be smart about our entry points. But if we're going to hover in the 170s, just to pick a number on the ten year and with mortgage rates where they are, then there will be some amount of redeployment. We’ll probably talk about it a little bit more at investor day. But it was really the abrupt market volatility that happened after the first of the year that caused us to say, let's take a pause here and figure out where this is going to settle out. It's happened to have settled out not much above the low points, at least again on a ten-year from January, early February. But that is an earnings lever when and if we redeploy.
John Shrewsberry: Sure, that's a good question, and of course we absolutely have to make estimates about what we think the exposure at default would be for any borrower who's got a remaining unfunded commitment, that's how the process works. In the quarter there were some of these, what you might characterize as defensive draws that we've observed, not that many of them. You can see the increase in the total outstandings in oil and gas rose by about $400 million and about half of that was from frankly leases that we picked up from GE that have a credit mark in them incidentally. So it really didn't amount to that much. But it is a phenomenon that we've seen, that we've read about. It isn't having that big of an impact today but we do think that we're capturing that risk as we assess what the appropriate size is of our allowance for both funded and unfunded commitments in the space. 
John Shrewsberry: So in the calculation of the allowance and the migration of credit that leads up to our – whether we consider a borrower relationship to be non-performing or what status we're marking at, we're imagining on a credit by credit basis what the exposure at default would be if it is meaning that it could be greater than the currently outstanding amount. That's part of the loan by loan process, analysis by analysis that we do when building it -- when rewriting loans every quarter and building up for the allowance. So there's some estimation of what today is currently unfunded will become funded in the future.
John Shrewsberry: Yeah. Let's see. $113 million of the combined second lien and mezzanine, it today is categorized as non-accrual.
John Shrewsberry: Yeah. It's 57% now. And that reflects the environment that we’re in, that reflects what's going on with the stress of the borrowers, that's what -- that migration is what leads us to provide more reserve. 
John Shrewsberry: Well, so I guess I'd start by saying that 50%, 60% have actually had a reduction in the borrowing base. A quarter had no change in the borrowing base. And the balance actually had an increase in the borrowing base because of more reserves that were included in the borrowing base. But without getting too specific on the amount of the reserve for people who had a reduction, it was relatively significant and frankly reflected the curve that we're using today versus where we would have been a quarter ago. 
John Shrewsberry: Yeah, it's not really incentive comp so much. It’s -- think about FICA resetting in the first quarter, contributions to our 401(k) happened in the first quarter. And then for people who are retirement eligible -- there's lots of people at Wells Fargo who get an annual equity incentive as part of their pay, for most people it vests over a few years and the impact bleeds in over the vesting period. If you're already retirement eligible it all hits in the quarter that is granted because it's immediately vested. And that's why the first quarter has that extra impact. It's not so much about -- commissions and incentives are piece of it but it's just -- it reflects the actual business activity that's happening.
John Shrewsberry: That’s just where we happen to be to date for the spring redetermination, the rest of them are underway. It's a borrower by borrower analysis. 
John Shrewsberry: What drives the reserve up is our categorization of the loan as -- generally speaking as non-accrual or non-performing, meaning that we think there's a chance that we won't get full and timely repayment of every dollar of principal and interest. That can certainly come about in connection with the redetermination but it can come about for other reasons as well just in terms of our review of the company's overall performance, the value of their collateral, what their prospects are. So it's not really a linear – but you can't really draw a line between the redetermination specifically and the change in reserves. 
John Shrewsberry: It would definitely have an impact, if we reduce somebody’s availability and if they were drawn above their availability and we actually had a moment of reckoning where they had to write a check, that will accelerate that analysis, because they will have something that they have to do right then and there. There aren't that many instances of that. 
John Shrewsberry: It could. I mean it could. We capture a lot of that in our general assessment in our risk rating before having the actual results of the redetermination. But it certainly could. 
John Shrewsberry: We’re up. We were $30 billion higher in cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter because we were less active in the bond market. 
John Shrewsberry: No, we are more asset sensitive as a result. We also have more long term debt that came under in the quarter. So there's a handful of things going on at the same time. But at the margin we're probably a little bit more asset sensitive. 
John Shrewsberry: Well, that is the discussion that we're having it regularly in our ALCO meetings with the board et cetera. My sense is that in this low rate environment we’d probably not go as far out in terms of duration so that we were taking less capital risk even though the dollar for dollar return would be a little bit lower. But it's the tradeoff between foregone earnings, capital sensitivity and a handful of other things that we're having to assess and we're doing it with our best estimate of where we think rates are going and what happens if they don't go there. And so the long and the short of it is I don't think that we're going to continue to build cash balances like we did in the first quarter. But we know we're reassessing every day to make a determination on at what entry point and at what point in the curve we’re interested in putting on more duration risk.
John Shrewsberry: So we're not breaking out what it added during the quarter. And what we're saying is we think it will be modestly accretive for the rest of the year. And it really is about what it costs to transition people, technology, premises etc. throughout the remainder of the year. We'll update that as we move along and we've got more information about how those costs are actually coming in and being spent. But I’ll tell you that the average asset yield for those assets reflects the same kind of loan mix that we have in wholesale banking in general and the expectation once it's -- once they're fully integrated and we've finished our process is that they will carry the same type of efficiency ratio as the average wholesale lending business. 
John Shrewsberry: Well, we're talking about $30-ish billion worth of assets and the same type of loan yields that we have on average in wholesale, which gets you to a revenue number. What we're not specifically breaking out is what the expense impact is until we understand what the full integration expenses are. But you'll see $350 million per quarter of NII from the loans and leases themselves. 
John Shrewsberry: Well, so as John said we had one month of the revenue side of it. We had not quite three months worth of the funding cost because we weren’t fully funded for those three months. But more than one month's worth of funding costs about that. 
John Shrewsberry: So Nancy, we went and looked at that report after that wacky headline hit the cave and. And it reported the same thing it reported a year ago which is that we're number seventeen among GSIBs in the lowest risk category among globally systemically important banks. So there's no basis for that story. We are a big bank, we are globally systemically important and we're used to being measured. But we ended up toward the bottom of that list. So that was a funny conclusion that was drawn.  With respect to the feedback that we got in the living wills. There are some actionable things that we're going to get right on. But there's nothing about size, about complexity, about the nature of our business model, about our capital, about our liquidity. And really it was much more around proper governance and maturation of the process et cetera which are things that are addressable. So frankly I don't think we're being criticized by our regulators for the types of things that work their way into the financial press. 
John Shrewsberry: Because of the starting point that Wells Fargo has had the numbers have really only been going in one direction, which is down, down, down. The product that we have today where we do sell it is an amortizing product right out of the gate, so it's very different than it was in the old days where it was more just incremental leverage, that frankly didn't come down until it might hit some amortization point in the future. So we certainly offer that amortizing product to our customers. But I don't think you'll see it make a difference in our reported consumer real estate assets. Really on our balance sheet it’s more about prime jumbo and non-conforming by balance types of loans to prime borrowers. 
John Shrewsberry: The big expenses it’s related are people expenses. The people join -- the bulk of the people joined on March 1, so in the last month of the quarter, there are some people in the rail business that joined at the beginning of the year. Another meaningful expense will be depreciation expense on the lease assets that we're picking up and they come out of that -- that begins when the assets are in place. But importantly one of the reasons that we're describing this as modestly accretive in the year, is there's a whole lot of integration expense that needs to occur, including what we're paying for transition services that we're still getting from GE that will shift over to Wells Fargo at some point in the future – or very different points in the future. And then there's technology work to do. There's some loan file work to do, some paperwork to do, there's a lot of things that it takes to make all of those assets Wells Fargo assets in a regulated environment that we’re operating in and we will pay incremental dollars in the near term to do that. So I’d be hesitant to offer you up a run rate from March that reflects what Q2 or the rest of the year is going to look like. 
John Shrewsberry: Yeah. Well, I expect that it will be between 55% and 59% in our efficiency ratio for the rest of the year on the high side of that. And that would capture the change in seasonal expenses, it's a good point that not all of that seasonal comp expense disappears and the whole net benefit doesn't come back, we call out in our deck. But there are some other things that are seasonally depressed in the first quarter that pick up in the second quarter. Not as big but that are seasonal in that way. And we'll see how material it is but if it becomes appropriate to provide clarity on the GE transition related expenses you might consider calling that out. But we haven't begun to yet because we're still developing those expenses, we’re still coming into -- we're the early stage of execution on some of the technology oriented things that I mentioned and some other chunky early expenses that will start to run off after a bit. 
John Shrewsberry: Investing in risk – in relatively risk free assets doesn't produce that much P&L in the quarter that we invest. So there really wasn't much of a trade off in the first quarter between the gain that reflects this business that we agreed to sell a few quarters ago, that closed this quarter. It's really -- the threshold issues on reinvestment are more around our capital sensitivity because we're going to be living with the valuation consequences of buying duration at a low yield entry point. And then that really is more where the trade off occurred. So thinking about the whole year impact maybe on interest income but also our OCI sensitivity if rates ultimately back up.  End of Q&A
John Stumpf: Ken, to remind you that, I mentioned that residential real estate losses were down 41% year over year. And I think that sometimes goes a bit unnoticed. When we went into the downturn, we had over $100 billion of pick-a-pay loans and over $100 billion of home equity loans and those were the two toughest residential portfolios. Today those portfolios are less than half of what we started with and the performance is really really good. So there is a lot of momentum on that side that has been – that’s happened over the last few years, but especially in the last year or two. 
John Stumpf: Yes, I think that the price tag for this cycle is -- the front month is more in the mid 30s context. And it's a curve that you're using not just the spot price but we’re probably 20% lower across our price deck curve in the spring versus where we were six months ago. And believe me that's not the only item that impacts the outcome. It's what's been going on with incremental exploration -- what are the reserves in terms of quantity and a variety of other things. But in terms of getting in front of it, as I said we're categorizing loans as non-performing. We're recognizing loss – these loss determinations, the $200 million that we've taken, that's our own credit folks determining that there is -- that there's something to be done, it’s not as a result of a final resolution or a workout or the completion of a bankruptcy plan. And we can do that even before we've completed redetermination. So from an impact to Wells Fargo point of view, we're always trying to stay out in front of it. 
John Stumpf: Sure. As you probably know and those who know us well, 97% of the revenue we produce is from U.S. based customers, consumers, small business men and women, middle market large customers. And while we love our international business, it’s mostly in support of our U.S. based businesses. And we have leadership positions in most of the businesses in which we do. And we don't set out to be number one, just to be number one. We work really hard and if we do really -- we provide great products and services and great value we grow because of that.  There's a couple of areas where we are sub-optimized that we are working hard to grow. One of those, I think the most attractive area would be the area that David Carroll runs in wealth investment management. You heard me say a number of times where we have 11% of the deposits or so in the country and just a fraction of that in terms of wealth assets here, even though we have a powerful wonderful group of leaders and advisors across the geography, we could still do a lot more business. There’s a lot of our customers who call us their bank who have their wealth away. So we're working hard organically. That business has been growing double digits. If there was an opportunity to add something in that area that would make sense terrific. If there's not, that's also terrific.  On the consumer side, we have leadership in terms of distribution of our online activity, of our checking activity, or debit activity but not a credit card activity even though we've grown that significantly internally, about over 43% of our customers who have their primary account here have a credit card. But that's an area that, that would be opportunistic. We've been doing a great job organically, if there’d be some opportunities along the line that would make sense we would surely consider that. But I would think of it this way, John. I would think of it that we have all that we need right now. And if something became available that we thought would be a bolt on, that would help us in those areas specifically but other areas generally, sure we’d look at that. But that's our focus right now, our best opportunity to grow long term shareholder values here, value creation is doing more or just doing it better. 
John Stumpf: Paul, if I can just give you an anecdotal. I lived in Texas for six years in the mid to late 90’s, so 20 years ago and there was a period of time there -- there was volatility in the oil and gas space. And there was some challenges. And I've been back, I was just in Houston last week. And I've been back a number of times in the last year and things do feel different 20 years later. It's a much more diverse economy. And if you take Texas generally but Houston specifically and it feels different this time around. Downturns are always heard. Volatile markets always have an impact. But this feels different this time because of what the state has done to diversify their economy.
John Stumpf: Erika, here's how I think about it. I think about Wells Fargo as an organic growth company. We have -- I've been here almost 35 years and I have probably been involved in – if there’s 250 acquisitions we've done with all different companies, as we come to the modern Wells Fargo, I’ve probably been involved in half of those, just because it happened during my career time. And they're hard to do. There is a lot of work in those things and we now have a company that is the best company I have ever worked for, the strongest brand, the best people, the furthest reach, the deepest relationship, the long enduring customer, thing so. So – and we are very very careful buyers. And I see us as has a lot of opportunity to grow, as I said organically. If something -- and what we've done in the last four or five years have been largely bolt on, I would say GE was a bigger, a little bigger bolt-on. But those are the kind of opportunistic things that make sense for our team, for our customers and ultimately for our shareholders. After all this is your money, our investors' money that we are the stewards of.  So it would be out of character for us to do something that would be -- have a high degree of risk and a low degree of shareholder reward on it. That's just not who we are. 
John Stumpf: There is a continuous drumbeat and a high level of vigilance around how we spend all of our business as usual types of dollars, we’re constantly trying to find levers and ways to be more efficient to streamline to make things consistent. We've provided some examples of that in the past in certain areas there. At the same time we've talked about the investment that we're making in technology, the investments that we’re making in product capability, the investments that we’re making in risk management compliance and being a better firm. Those are going to be elevated for some time and they have been for some time. We're still comfortable in our 55% to 59% range which is where we've guided that, I don't need to remind you but that is a very attractive level for a firm of our size. We think we're pretty lean overall. But it's because we take this seriously day in and day out looking for ways to be efficient. 
John Stumpf: Well, it's a combination of both. And they're highly correlated for E&P companies in particular. But if their sources of repayment both principal and interest in full and on time and we’re taking into account our projections of their cash flows, and we're taking into account our projections of the value of collateral that we might have to liquidate in order to get paid back or that they might have to liquidate in order to pay us back. 
John Stumpf: Sure. Well, we’ve – I think we've been pretty public with the fact that we're going to hold our ground with respect to what we think our quality loan terms and borrower profile, and we've actually seen our share slip a little bit as the overall size of the auto finance market has kept pace with the sale of autos, new cars in particular that has been at a record level now for a few years. And we were number one, I think we're number two right now and we’re bidding on buying the loans that we like at terms that we think are good risk reward and we're passing on those that we don’t. Some of the things that feel a little bit different right now, I mean seasonally obviously we're in a better place in Q1 than Q4 just because those loans behave that way, collections and losses are lower in the first quarter than they are in the fourth quarter. It's a little bit -- things are a little bit elevated first quarter to first quarter but we're still from a risk adjusted basis well within the bands to which we underwrite each level of credit risk in autos that we buy. Where we've always had our eye on the elevated level of used car auction prices, the Manheim Index in particular is evidence that we point to get a sense for whether loss given default is going to be worse in the future than it is today or in the recent past and that index has been down I think 3% linked quarter, 2% year over year. So all things being equal we'd expect severity to be a little bit worse when repossessions occur.  But having said that we're still not in a bad place. We've allowed our market leading position to slip a little bit, let other people buy the loans that don't make sense for us, it’s still a great business for us and has been for a long time. We work very closely with dealers, have a big floor plan business, we have a big commercial banking business with the dealership community. And we're in this for the long haul. One more thing I guess, we've observed is because the ABS market has been under pressure, some of the probably most aggressive players in the subprime space have a little bit of a funding challenge I think in this environment that may soften things up a little bit. Those are my current observations. 
John Stumpf: We've sort of held the line. Using our own approach to what a subprime borrower and sub-prime dealer is we've limited ourselves to at about 10% of our originations which is amounted to about 10% of our outstandings that we’d consider to be -- we consider to be subprime. There's often an opportunity to grow that if we wanted to, we've chosen not to. And we like the risk return that we get in where we choose to participate in that space. It's performed very well. It's priced for the risk and it frankly doesn't compete directly with some of the specialty finance companies that are in that space, they tend to be a little bit deeper and they're running a different business. 
John Stumpf: I’d say very little. And the exam came and went and it worked out fine, there weren’t a lot of disagreements on how we rate loans and also the guidance around leverage levels et cetera was introduced and that didn't have much of an impact on it. This is just – these are our folks using consistent methodology making determinations on when loans should be non-performing, when we should take loss et cetera. 
John Stumpf: I like the first part of the question better. But it is a big opportunity. So this is early stages, this is an important and big integration. So It'll take a full year or two to get where we need to go into transition all of the services away from GE and over to Wells Fargo and get things running. I'm happy to say that the early reports are that we're doing great with customers and team members. I think we imagine that there's a real opportunity with these customers. These are businesses where GE has been an absolute leader and they've done that with credit. So now we've got that credit capability and that credit willingness and the perfect business model for that but we also have all of the other. wholesale banking products and services, wealth management services et cetera to bring to bear on this client group. So it will take a while to work with each relationship and find out what they're doing that might be done at Wells Fargo in addition to their credit but my sense is it will be a great adoption over time and that's part of what makes it such a high value opportunity for Wells Fargo.
John Stumpf: Actually Mike, in the first quarter it was a little bit of -- couple moving parts here, we actually, if you will, pre-funded the liability side, meaning that we've raised the debt to fund this and that was on the books at the start of the quarter and most of the loans only came on March 1. So there's a lot of stuff going on in the first quarter. But there's one month worth of really revenue if you will.
John Stumpf: Yeah, I said -- since we're still a net importer of energy and what's interesting, Mike, is that much of that savings at the consumer level have been saved, if you will, and have not yet been spent. So not all the savings at the pump. What consumers have done and that not exclusively but they're saving more of that what's happening at the pump as opposed to spending it.
John Stumpf: I don't – I have long stopped trying to figure out the market and why bank stocks or stocks seem to move in concert with commodity prices especially oil prices but be that as it may, the consumer, much of this economy, 60%, 70% is consumer based and in retail and the consumers have never been in better shape. I mentioned in my comments just the debt service requirements is 15% of their earnings and wage is certain of up a little that and we're seeing savings rates go up. These are some of the strongest savings rates we've seen in some time. I don't know if that’s a statement about confidence or whatever but there is -- consumers are benefiting from filling your tank at the dollar something a gallon or two dollars a gallon versus three or four and not all of it has been spent.
John Stumpf: Well, thank you Mike for reminding everybody that Steve Sanger, our lead director showed up last time. Obviously we invite our directors and just give me a chance to invite all of you. It's on the 24th of next month, it’s a Tuesday. We have an exciting day to share with you. We will get very granular about how we think about distribution, how we think about our businesses. It will give us a chance to showcase next generation leaders in the company. So we're looking forward to it. We also will think about Guardrails around our three big metrics, we talk about ROA, ROE, and efficiency ratio, if I talk about that, so it's a bunch of things. And also everybody talks about FIN Tax and clearly there's a good reason for that. I think our company specifically and our industry generally have been innovators for a whole long time. So if we weren't we'd have stagecoaches on the freeway right now. So we’ll talk a little bit about that.
John Stumpf: Not really. The pattern has been the same since the merger of Wells and Wachovia to make sure that we've got the right level of capability for capital raising and advisory activity and hedging and risk management activity for our corporate and commercial customers and other customers of Well Fargo who need it. We think our risks are well sized, we think our capabilities are well sized. As always, as you point out there are things to add here and there but from a return point of view, from an ability to service our customers point of view, we like the trajectory we've taken. That's why it's so easy to respond pretty quickly when people speculate that we might be thinking about adding an investment bank to our mix or something. That's not what we need. What we need is what we have today and more great people like it to serve more customers but we're not thinking much differently about it. Our results frankly were -- we think they're pretty good in the first quarter. As you say we have been a leader in capital raising and advisory work for the energy industry for a while. There will be plenty more need for that as the industry repairs itself and being in a position to provide that is actually it's good for us.  We've got industry leading positions in a handful of other industries as well, energy is just one of them. But like others it's a cyclical business and while there is less capital raising going on there right now there's more going on in other spaces and a lot of advisory work to do. So it fits together very nicely with our wholesale bank. 
John Stumpf: Yes I think so. We're always -- we're always – as I say industries come and go with respect to their capital needs and advisory needs and so we want to make sure that we've got the right people in positions to do the right thing, where we become an employer of choice for a lots of those activities. Wells Fargo is a very nice place to work. We've got a great customer franchise who wouldn't want to work here in those businesses compared to some of the places that they might be coming from and we're always adding good people. 
John Stumpf: But surely we're disappointed in the resolve and all hands on deck here and we value the feedback we got from the Fed and FDIC and we are committed to have a great submission later this year. Nancy, one thing I would like just to share for a few minutes, even though our company has grown and grown significantly organically, principally organically over the last seven or eight years, we have continued to simplify our business and we're – and we've shed businesses quietly that either didn't have scale for us or provided or had a risk reward relationship that was not consistent. So just let me just check off a few, I was just thinking while John was talking. We're no longer in the wholesale mortgage business. We're not in the joint venture business. We're not in the reverse mortgage business. We're not in the mortgage consolidation business. We have FHA overlays. So we're not as deep in that business as we had been in the past. We just sold our RCIS insurance business. The direct deposit advance business is no longer here. We're not in the government student lending business. We use it at our Wells Fargo financial business, that it's very different today.  So yes we've grown in deposits. And we've grown in our corporate loans and all and wealth management and all other kind of things that we're involved in but a much simpler company, say, in many respects. 
John Stumpf: Okay, thank you all for joining us and also I want to say thank you to our 268,000 team members for serving our customers and producing a $5.5 billion of quarterly earnings that it’s just a wonderful result on their behalf. And one more shout out to all of you. Please join us on the 24th, Tuesday -- May 24 in San Francisco for our investor day. Thank you much. Bye bye.
