Charlie Scharf: Well, I mean, what I said was that the math, if you do the math, what it says is that when you look at their efficiency ratios versus ours, our expenses are at least $10 billion higher than they should be. And there's no reason why that should occur. And so we are doing the work to create a roadmap for a company which is significantly more efficient. Exactly what the timeframe is and where we ultimately get to I think, we will provide more information on when the future will play itself out. But we can do the same math that you can do. And there's no reason why as a management team, we don't have the ability to be as efficient as the rest.
Charlie Scharf: The only thing I would add is I think that when we think of the work that we did, we didn't our boards didn't approach this conversation around the dividend with an idea of at each quarter and making a determination. And so our hope is that, this does become a level which is sustainable as we go through this period of uncertainty and as the Fed decides how they want to treat capital return over the next series of quarters, we do have some items that impact our capital, our ability to return capital with this rule that doesn't reflect our earnings power going forward, right. We had a $3 billion settlement with the Department of Justice, which is in our historical numbers, that $3 billion, when you look at it as something like round numbers, $0.18 a share of a negative that ultimately will roll out and is already actually in our capital number. So we have these dynamics that the board thought about when we set the dividend level for the quarter that don't relate to the future earnings capacity of the company, even as we look out into 2021.
Charlie Scharf: No, John, I appreciate everyone being interested given the limitations of it and asking the question, it's going to be the same response every single quarter, which is we're focused on it. It is along with the other enforcement actions, the biggest priority that we have, we're doing our work. And the Fed will determine when the work is done to their satisfaction.
Charlie Scharf: And the only thing I would emphasize as John said is, most of the dollars do relate to those items. And there's valid, there's a lot of value in getting these things behind us. It's the work, it's the overhang. It's what our customers are going to do to think about us. And so we're obviously going to do what's right for the financial position of the company. But we want to treat people properly and we want to move on and move to the future. And so we made decisions around what we were willing to do certainly with that balanced lens.
Charlie Scharf: Yes and I think your point is actually a very important one, which is part of the reason why we've been, we're trying to be very careful about making it clear that we are going forward and actively going to start to take actions to reduce expenses but we don't want to back ourselves into a corner until all of our work is done because of those two things that you mentioned, which are very important. Having said that, and the reality is that the work that we have to do the foundational work to build the risk of strong infrastructure and ultimately satisfy the work that the regulators would like us to satisfy. It's clear, it's distinct. It is fairly broad across the company, but we know exactly what it is and what resources are decked against that. When we look elsewhere in the company and I think I use the words in the prepared remarks it is we just, we have spans and layers at the company which are well beyond what I've seen at other places and makes us a very, very inefficient company. When we just look at the work that's being generated, the things that are being done, we as a management team believe that we can change the priorities. So that we're being really clear on what has to get done and stop a bunch of work that has to get done. We have duplicative platforms, duplicative processes across the company. So as we think about a series of these things, they are extremely significant because these things exist just about every part of the company. In addition, I just also want to point out that we have stopped any reductions that were going to take place just given the environment. And so there is a series of actions that we’re ready to take. In fact, we have a series of employees who've been told that their jobs will ultimately go away, but we were going to let some time passes we got through the initial stages of the COVID crisis. So we do see a clear path to start making an impact on the expense base. And it's like an onion, the more we do, the more clear the next round will become.
Charlie Scharf: We are clearly going to take the actions in the second half of this year, and obviously, depending on what the economics of all that is and the accounting of it, not quite sure whether you'll see it in next year.
Charlie Scharf: I just want to add one thing which I just think is important, which is because I didn't say this in the prepared remarks. But I've certainly talked about this inside the company which is we don't look at a quarter like this and just say, okay, that is what it is. Losses are higher, our margins are narrow. We know we've got some work going on. And so we'll eventually get around to it. While we knew these things had to get done, and the work was getting done, it's not lost on us, our under performance relative to where we should be earning. And so while I think there was a sense of urgency towards both getting the regulatory work done, and improving our performance, whatever sense of urgency existed before is going to be small relative to what it is going forward.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, I think absolutely. As time goes on and we become clear on what has happened. It's clearly easier for us to put a broad understanding of what that takes. And again, just to be clear, when we go and part of the reason why it takes us a period of time to do this properly is we're going to have a very formal processes in place to ensure whatever reductions in our expense base we take that they do not impact any of that work. And so that'll be informal, and it will be very, very formal because that would be just a terrible, terrible mistake for everyone if we were not to do that properly. So beyond heightened consciousness on that issue.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, so I think on the deposit cost side, our anticipation is that between the reduction in pricing for interest bearing deposits and the growth or continuity of non-interest bearing deposits that our average deposit cost is back in the single digit basis points by the third or fourth quarter, that's the trajectory that we're on. That's where we were in 2015, 2016. On the asset side, depending on what happens to the LIBOR probably in particular there spreads are holding firm where we're lending hence there will be some, there could be some lower spread loan product that that is replaced with higher, you've heard about that in autos, it's true in some categories of C&I, but that's a piece of it. On the security front, we've been trying to stay invested but the level of prepayments that Betsy just referred to, I think at our securities portfolio down by almost $30 billion in the quarter and so how much more duration we want to add at these low yields is a separate issue, we haven't been adding much in credit related securities product. But as I mentioned, I think to John the outlook for NIM is relatively range bound through the rest of the year, we're sort of bumping along what we think the bottom could be. I mean, obviously things could change. But zero in the front end and 60, 70 basis points in the long end, this feels about like where we're likely to be with the things that I mentioned.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, it's good question. It's both so it's what choices we make on the asset side and what the market is offering, where loan demand comes from, I think will matter a lot. Slope of the curve, if things get a little steeper that obviously could be helpful because we're so exposed to the long-end. And then if there's an opportunity to have a bigger balance sheet, we're certainly not budgeting that, we're accounting on it. But that that would be a difference maker.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, I guess I don't think about it as a trade-off. And I don't think about it as something which is different for us versus other significant companies, whether you're a financial institution or not, I think it is very, very clear that our ability to be successful as a company for our shareholders includes the fact that we are broadly considering a much broader set of stakeholders, if we don't do that customers, whether they're consumers or companies ultimately won't want to be supportive of us will have issues in our local communities. It'll filter through to the legislators and likely the regulatory agenda. So I think we very much think that they are very much related and that there's no reason why the things that we should be doing to be more thoughtful of a broader set of stakeholders. They aren't a set of financial negatives. Ultimately, it should be something beyond that. The PPP fees were certainly something that was very unique. We’re in the middle of this really horrific time for small businesses and especially minority owned small businesses. The right thing for us as a significant company in this country is to be as helpful as we can with that community. It's also ultimately helpful for us if we can make a difference in the communities that we operate. And then we also looked at that relative to just the what we thought was fair for us in order to participate in the PPP program. And so I think, you put all those things together and there is alignment. And those that don't think about it that way will likely suffer over the long-term.
Charlie Scharf: And the only thing I would add to what John said is this isn't, the calculation of the $10 billion, that's a mathematical exercise. When the management team, the operating committee gets in a room, there is absolutely no disagreement in the room, not about the math, but about the inefficiencies that exist inside the company away from all of these risk related activities. And the work that we've been doing is to build the plans from the bottom up to identify where that is, and so whether that's the full $10 billion or not, we’ll see what we get to but there is we certainly have a clear belief that we can make a significant dent based upon what we know.
Charlie Scharf: Well, I guess let me I'll talk about a piece, John can talk about his, I guess the way I think about it is first of all, we do offer a personal lines in the company because we have a credit card business. And so for us, it's a question of making sure that we've got the right product in front of the customer. And so we think we have the ability to do that. The Home Equity product, as you rightfully mentioned has certainly declined in terms of the amount of production that was taking place. But we do have to make a determination in the uncertain environment as to what is a smart thing for us to participate in along with consumers as they add risk to their balance sheet. As time goes on, if we feel differently about the environment and about real estate values, those decisions could change as well.
Charlie Scharf: I think as we between the third and fourth quarter, we're looking at getting both done to share the complete or complete set of thoughts with you.
Charlie Scharf: Again, I think that's what we're targeting but we will have to see how it plays out and our work progresses.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, that's a good question, Vivek. I think and I think we've talked about this a little bit over the last couple of quarters. There absolutely are some things that we do which either we don't have scale in or it just might not be big enough to have an impact on the company going forward and it's not clear that it's integral to us being able to fulfill the primary banking relationships that we have from the consumer to the small business and middle market up to the corporate. So I think as we think about what the company should look like, we absolutely are looking at those things. And so we would certainly expect that we would continue to, I think John has used the word prune some of these, some of these things that exist inside the company as we've been doing. I don't think about them in terms of say differently. The five lines of business that we've determined we do believe are key to the future of the company. But when you go below that, there's certainly some activities which might not meet our criteria for continuing to be here.
Charlie Scharf: We'll see when we get closer level of detail that we go through with you. But certainly the work that we're doing contemplates the fact that we don't want to stand still in our businesses.
Charlie Scharf: A handful of things, of course and with the expectation that it's likely that the constraints on the calculation of allowable dividend hang around for a while, even though they may not but they certainly may, we found a level that we believe is something that gives us more of upside ability as the COVID environment clears up, as the medium term earnings power of the company becomes more known, both in terms of sources of revenue and what's happening with expense, et cetera. So that we wouldn't end up or have a low likelihood of ending up in an environment where we're making repeated changes to the dividend. So not so much about our capital levels are fine, we have $23-ish billion of excess on top of our regulatory capital requirements. And we feel it's gone up, as you may have observed, and that's even after building a $20 billion allowance. So not so much capital sufficiency, although, but in the future could turn out differently than we and others are planning right now, but really more about thinking about the core earnings power and resulting upward trajectory when the time is right.
Charlie Scharf: All right guys. Well listen, thank you very much for the time. We appreciate it and we will talk to you soon. Take care.
John Shrewsberry: Sure, this is John. We certainly have the ability to extend the current framework. And frankly, it even seems likely just given the way the calendar lines up in the resubmission process is going to work for the next CCAR, I think Charlie's point is we're going to do what's necessary to get as efficient as we can be. And to the extent that that kicks off one-time charges which you might expect, and if that has an influence on our dividend capacity as a result of the Fed keeping the current regime in place, then they will have to tolerate that. I don't think we're not going to do what's right economically, because of accounting consequences, we're going to do, we're going to follow GAAP, we're going to get as efficient as we can, the outcome is going to be the outcome, we in part, we set the current dividend or propose to set the current dividend where it is, so that it would buy us plenty of room to operate while we get through the next few quarters and chart the eventual path to greater profitability. But accounting consequences will be what they are, it wasn't a primary consideration in setting the number where we did.
John Shrewsberry: Sure, sure. So we were in compliance with it at the end of the second quarter. And the items that we did during the late first and early second quarter to maintain compliance, we're really focused on our wholesale funding footprint by shrinking the amount of external repo and other financing that we do and taking trading assets down and we had a focus on certain categories of non-operational deposits, the ones that have very low liquidity value. And it's really this is from this point forward. It's more of our liability management exercise to make sure that that we don't retain too much in the way of low liquidity value deposits that we're thoughtful about other liabilities. On the asset side, there's so much cash on the balance sheet right now that it gets plenty of flexibility having to do what we need to do with loans. You saw that our LCR is 129% for the quarter and deposits have grown nicely. So we're very thoughtful and cautious about how we price deposits, it's about those that have low liquidity value. We're thoughtful about maturities as they come up in non-deposit funding because with the inflow of deposits, we can rely more on that and less on notes and institutional CDs and other things. That's the work that we've been doing and that's the path that we have for the next quarter or two.
John Shrewsberry: I think it's going to be relatively flat from where it is today. We're sort of we're in that zone. As I said, $41 billion to $42 billion for the year still feels like the right number. So I think it'll be, we're not really carefully managing the NIM as we're looking for the dollars in net interest income. But it shouldn't deviate too much from where we’re right now.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, well as it relates to deferrals which generally speaking is the consumer side of the house. The fact that we are deferring definitely pushes out, rolls through delinquency buckets into charge-offs and so the actual charge-offs themselves will probably come later than they otherwise would, we believe that we've fully provided or captured that in the allowance. So we've taken the credit charge today that we think is the right one at the end of the quarter even if the charge-offs come somewhat later. We're also seeing, we saw pick-up in charge-offs in commercial but there also things do take a little bit before they roll, I think I guess I would expect charge-off rates and they'll be different by asset category to sort of move up slowly through the end of the year, even into the first couple of quarters and next year, and then start to flatten out after that just based on the way things progress through loss recognition.
John Shrewsberry: As Charlie said, it was his new leadership at the top of the organization in consumer lending and in the center capability that we have running customer remediation. I think they've gone, they've gone item by item and thought about how to be a little bit more expansive, a little bit more consumer friendly, many of these things aren't crystal clear. And you're always making a judgment as to who it applies to, how much should apply, and over what timeframe and really in an effort as Charlie said to speed it up and move it through. They were a little bit more expansive in order to, but think to accomplish that. But it's by and large, it's the same items that we've been talking about for the last couple of years. There are always new things that come in out of that bucket. But the bigger dollars relate to the same topics that we've been covering for a while.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, good question. So on mortgage speeds, and it shows up in the MSR, shows up in our investment portfolio, and it shows up in the runoff of book loans that are in our held for investment portfolio, in loan forum. The speed assumptions vary depending on the vintage the coupon, the debt to income, the LTV et cetera and the refinance ability of borrower by borrower. But I think we're as aware as anyone of how fast things have gotten. And we're seeing 30 handle CPR on various pools of loans. And so while we think we've captured that in our updated estimates on the MSR in particular, it does feed into this level of call it $500 million to $700 million per quarter of premium amortization for mortgage securities, which as I said is likely to remain for the rest of the year. On Ginnie buyouts, as what's happening there is that there are loans which have gone delinquent in part because of COVID. And as the servicer, we essentially have the accounting consequence of owning them whether we buy them out or not, they're deemed because of the option to purchase them is so deeply in the money we're deemed to have bought them. And so our calculus was either to have a giant pile of cash and that that consolidated asset, or to go ahead and buy them out and not have that asset, essentially that asset twice, but use the cash to buy the asset. And these are guaranteed loans, from our perspective, not a huge credit consequences just carrying the asset for a period of time before it either gets redelivered or sold or worked out in some way. So that's why we were a big buyer in the extra that was after the end of the quarter. And then with respect to whether it continues on, facts and circumstances, the same tension will apply if we're deemed to have them on our books because we have the option to buy them, then we may and if cash levels remain where they are, then we may go ahead and do it just so that we don't really double up besides of our balance sheet and that is an asset cap consideration.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, it's tricky. But so I think what we've said is we expect volumes on the production side to be a little bit higher and margins to be relatively constant. So if those two things hold true, the third quarter should be a great, relatively great production environment for mortgage and on the servicing side, we think we've captured the higher servicing costs for default servicing, modification servicing, et cetera. We now have faster speed expectations in the model. Although we said that a quarter ago or two, we were surprised on the downside. But if we've -- if both of those things are captured, then we will produce lower servicing fees because the book itself is getting smaller. But I'll take smaller servicing revenue to as long as we're not taking big writedowns on the assets that are offsetting the benefit that we're generating on the origination side, and hopefully the third quarter reflects that.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, the way we're calculating it's not aftertax but before preferred stock dividends which gets you to NII available to common.
John Shrewsberry: So, it’s John. If just as a data point using rough math if our balance sheet was expanded by call it $200 billion, or about 10% during this COVID timeframe and there is a question about whether there was ample opportunity to do that around several asset classes but in certain areas, it certainly was something like our average NIM. The impact that that would have had on us would have been and these are approximations. But to reduce the drawdown on NII by 50%. So half of how things have worsened would have been covered by that expansion of the balance sheet. That's one way to think about it. If there were more immediate opportunities to put loans on in particular I would say in March, as capital markets were closed, I think everybody knows that we saw customers drawing on available facilities in their requests for new facilities. The bigger probably more constant piece of an increased balance sheet, at least in the businesses that we serve today would probably be to have a bigger securities and securities financing portfolio in support of our Corporate and Investment Bank where we have drawn down as part of managing under the asset cap and there's a handful of benefits to that, including being able to do more business with the companies that were and the institutions that were financing in that realm. But you also end up with a big LIBOR funded book that is a little bit less asymmetric in a down rate scenario and we certainly suffered from that. And there's a real benefit to being substantially deposit funded in that it's very low cost to begin with. But in a down rate environment, it's a little bit more violent in terms of the outcome that it generates and to have a bigger component piece of LIBOR funded assets with LIBOR funded liabilities, it's a little bit less high producing in the best of times, but it maintains its margin in the down rate environment. So that would have been a benefit also. Charlie, you may have other thoughts.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, we don't put a number on it and call it core but rather talk about the component pieces of it. And so service charges on deposits, which is a big one for us, my assumption is that it's going to feel, at least for a while, like it does today, people are spending differently. They're maintaining cash balances at a higher level. And so there are whether it's waivers because of high balances or the absence of overdraft that puts pressure on that line item as our customers do what's right for them in this environment, you mentioned brokerage advisory, et cetera that should be stronger going into the second half of the year. Investment banking, we had a record high grade market in the first quarter, so while other activity may pick up a little bit, my sense is that that probably normalizes somewhat. Card fees have reflected what I mentioned in my prepared remarks which is at least in the debit card space, we've got balances or flows in dollar terms about equal to last year. But the number of transactions lower which has a negative impact in card fees and credit card fees have been improving, it haven't caught up so that, I don't think it's going to pop back up anytime really quickly. Mortgage, I mentioned on the production side should be very strong or should be strong. And hopefully we've accounted for faster speeds and higher costs in servicing. Trading, as you said probably gets a little bit softer. And other items are less material and there's nothing really noteworthy. So that's how I would think about the categories.
John Shrewsberry: It's definitely a combination of both, revenue particularly interest income, which doesn't carry a lot of expense load would be very helpful, I think what we're trying to do is assess where the company is today and what we can do about it. And we can do more about expense than we can about revenue in a balance sheet constrained environment in a recession and in a low rate environment. So it's actionable by the management team, but without a doubt, some amount of normalization of certain categories of revenue would be, would contribute to it. But having said that, I think we've sort of factored in a variety of different ways on the idea that all things being equal and I'm sure they won’t be. But at least we think about it today, that $10 billion is a reasonable amount to go after to put Wells Fargo on a level playing field with the large cap peers.
John Shrewsberry: I think of 54-ish is more of the normalized starting point without the excess expenses that are loaded into this quarter for the items that we mentioned.
John Shrewsberry: But we didn't open a can of worms because I don't look at it like we open a can of worms, I think we look at, you look at like we're acknowledging what the facts are, which is the facts are is we compete with other companies that are investing tremendously. And with that those set of investments, the math says the following. And so what we’ve been purposely having said, we're going to reduce our expenses by a certain point in time because we’re doing the work to figure out what the timing looks like with our reductions versus our investments. But I think what's important is not just that we acknowledge that that gap exists, but we are proactively working to get to a place which makes sense, both from an efficiency standpoint knowing that we should be investing in the business.
John Shrewsberry: Thanks, thanks for the question. So we're, we do the math to compare our own estimations to the DFAST outcomes, but we don't think of them as necessarily better informed about our loans and our portfolios and our risk profile and our collection activity, et cetera. So it's a useful data point. It's an external one that people can judge against, but we think more about our own experience and the scenarios that we believe are the likely ones in the world that we live in. And so that's how we focused it. With the build that we made in the allowance, I think we're at almost 2.2% coverage of the outstanding loan portfolio and of course, it's very different by loan category like it is for every other bank. I think we believe that if the world unfolds in the way that we've got it modeled and assumed in our both modeled loss estimations, and in our bottoms up portfolio by portfolio work that we will have captured, the loss content in the portfolio as of the end of the quarter, and as a result less things really lag in a worse direction that this would be this would have accounted for those losses.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, the first distinguishing point, I would make is that and I know you know this but for everybody's benefit CMBS structures are non-recourse loans. And so there's no, there's no alternative other than realizing on the collateral, there's no mechanism for extra cash flow to enter into a structure unless somebody does something that they're not contractually obligated to do to try and shore things up. And I think as I've seen most recently, the June numbers in CMBS are about 13% of loans are not current. Conversely, on a bank's balance sheet, most of the loans that we have real sponsorship and recourse and generally speaking are lower LTV than CMBS to begin with, so our actual performance is quite different. And then, I think we talked about this last quarter too, but the variation in how deep we'll go from an LTV perspective is as you'd hope with a more stable property types, we might have higher leverage and with the least stable property types we'd have lower leverage which helps a lot in a downdraft. So we have in round numbers roughly $150 billion worth of commercial real estate loans outstanding at the end of the quarter. The biggest pieces, a quarter of that is office, 20% of that is apartments, 12% is industrial, 10% is retail excluding shopping centers and then 9% is shopping centers and everything else is below 9%. Actually hotels is about 8%, which is a volatile property type. And then among non-accrual loans, the shopping centers are 32%, hotels 14% and retail excluding shopping centers is another 14% and everything else is below 14%. There's about $1.3 billion of non-accruals overall. So that's what it feels like, we're working through these things borrower by borrower, sometimes the concessions that we're making are just covenant related. Sometimes they are real forbearance and we allow people to take a little bit more time to pay our borrowers have been generally calm and constructive. It's not a lot of panic. At this point in the cycle, the problem loans have skewed towards retail projects, many of which were already struggling and then also the hotel owners with lower capitalization. So I hope that's helpful.
John Shrewsberry: For how we understand the world at the end of the second quarter, yes and we think that's relatively, we think it's very realistic. I should also add that in commercial real estate and elsewhere our teams have gone loan by loan, borrower by borrower and made an assessment of where we think we are and where we think things are going. So it's not just a model set of expectations, but real, a real careful review of every borrower, every property and their circumstances.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, forgive me if I don't, if I don't start response by saying we take exception with the Fed’s results in the following way, because that's not really that will be helpful. But they draw from different models and have different approaches. And we draw from our own, as I said bottoms up, our own modeled outcomes or historical outcomes, changing the composition of the portfolio, changing the underwriting standards, since whatever we're comparing it to and we end up with the numbers that we end up with, I'm happy to note that I think in general, the Fed applies in general a lower loss rate for a variety of loan categories to Wells Fargo than they have for some other lenders, it's not universally true based on the composition of portfolios. But where we like our numbers a lot of work with a lot of very close inside knowledge of borrowers properties, et cetera goes into it and it's being compared to something that's more statistically driven from a model that we don't have access to.
John Shrewsberry: I think you should go back and listen to the words that we used to describe what the $10 billion is and how we're thinking about this. Listen, there's no question in our minds that we should have the ability to generate higher revenues in the future. No question that will help when it comes to an efficiency ratio. What we're talking about is, if you go back and look at where we were as a company versus the others, the others that the big companies that we compete with have been working on this for five to 10 years. And there is again, I think we're being very factual about it, which you should, you should go back and check yourself, which is there is this meaningful difference between what our expense base looks like and theirs. And then I recognize on the outside, but what we're telling you is from one on the inside, that we as a management team continue to believe that the opportunities are substantial to improve the efficiency of the organization because we see it day in and day out. And we're going through a process to identify exactly what it is, where it is. It's not just people, it's the third-party spend here is extraordinary. The things that we rely on outside people to do is beyond anything that I've ever seen. Our ability to reduce facilities is substantial. And so there's this long list of things that we will actively be working on. Whether that gets to $10 billion, whether it gets to more, whether it gets to less, we'll see we're going to share more as we develop the plans. But I think it's just important for us as a management team to be very objective at what things look like for this company, before we wound up in today's environment and those efficiencies clearly exist in the company.
John Shrewsberry: And so I would just add, I know, we certainly appreciate the multiple calls that are going on today and it's a busy day for you all, I would encourage you to go back and look at the prepared remarks because we did walk through the thinking.
John Shrewsberry: I don't know that we have an opinion on what actions we'd like to see them take. I do think that as between the risk owners and CMBS transactions and servicers and borrowers people should be looking to maximize recovery value. But the contracts are pretty thoughtful. This isn't the first downturn that those market participants have been through and my expectation is that that a lot of decision making power is going to end-up in the hands of special servicers and I don't know how to, I don't know why it would be a good idea to impose some other regime on top of that, that changes those contracts. But I don't have a careful thoughtful review of what's being proposed.
John Shrewsberry: Well, it's different by loan category. And yes, it's true that the people initially asking that was sort of a high point. We peaked -- Our peak was the second week in April, I think on average, we had about 60,000 to 70,000 accounts per day, who were asking, we've dropped almost entirely. I think we're at 4,000 a day for the week of late June. So if that's helpful, and then of course the extension question is related to how long was the initial deferral to begin with, and in general, I would say that, that more people are getting comfortable with coming out the other side. But yes we still have a good base of folks who are in deferral.
John Shrewsberry: I don't think we've got a specific conclusion on that. Although, we do assume that there's going to be some point in time after which, whether it's the regulators not only the Fed and/or our accounting convention is going to cause us to have to consider these as something other than a performing loan might be different by category, it might be different by regulator, but the longer we go on the greater the risk of that.
