Mike Santomassimo: Hey John, thanks for the question. Yes. At this point, that’s where we are. We’ve got a little -- probably a little over $8 billion that we’re sort of working on as we speak and we’ll get $3.7 billion in the year. And as I said in commentary, those savings get bigger as you go throughout the year. So, that implies the exit rate’s better than the $53 billion.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. You have to sort of think about it that you don’t get the benefit all day one. These things sort of take -- get executed throughout the year. So, that ratio of $8 billion to $3.7 billion, you can’t really look at it -- or I’m sorry, the ratio of 8 to the sort of net that you’re seeing, you sort of have to look at that over a couple year period as you get the full annualized benefit of all the saves coming into the P&L.
Mike Santomassimo: Hey Betsy, it’s Mike. Yes. It bumps around a little bit based on earnings and what’s in the quarter. But I think the simple way to think about why it’s lower than kind of the past is we’ve got a significant amount of investments that are multiyear investments in -- whether it’s low income housing, other renewable energy that create tax credits. And those tax credits are what’s driving -- what’s offsetting sort of the normal statutory tax rates that we’d have. It’s no more complicated than that. And so, as you’ve seen over the last couple of years, those have increased a bit over time. And so, as we sort of look for -- look at 2021, that’s the big driver.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I think, -- hey Ken, how are you. I think, the way we’re trying to describe it is that is where we have clear line of sight. So, when we look at the impact of expenses, these are actions that we are actively taking. But, we’re also -- in order to get to 10% without any changes to the revenue equation at this point, we also have optimized capital levels, which means that the Fed would have to relax restrictions. And so, the reason why we’re not talking about the time frame is because we don’t know when that will happen. But, the amount of excess capital that we have, as you know, is extraordinarily significant. And we’re also in the position of not being able to use it because we have the balance sheet limit. And so, the timing is dependent on that. But again, in our minds, very clear line of sight when that occurs to be able to get there in a relatively short time frame. And then, on the longer term piece, which you didn’t ask about, again there are two, I think there’s some words off on the right hand side. But again, I would not describe this as a -- as just something that we’re dreaming about. When we look at what is possible with modest balance sheet growth, really moderate increases in the rate curve or steepening and efficiencies that we believe we can get, we really do believe that that is what we will achieve. It’s just -- we’re just not in a position to put timing around it because we don’t control the timing on most of those items. But when those things become clear, we should be in a position to be clear with you about timing.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I think, a couple of things. So, it’s Mike, Ken. Thanks for the question. I think, we’ll give you more detail as sort of we announce plans for each of the businesses. But think of the revenue impacted by the four things Charlie sort of outlined as very low single digits, around a few percent of revenue. And we’ll sort of give you more clarity as sort of they come -- the plans come into focus with the timing. And I think, you’re right. As we -- if we book gains, as we sort of divest of items, that’s helpful from a capital perspective that can either get redeployed in the business or through buyback capacity.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Hey Steven, it’s Mike. Look, I think, as you sort of think about the top end of the range, we’re assuming roughly the implied forward curve, even though that’s bumping around day by day, week by week here over the last couple of weeks. So, assume -- we’re not assuming much improvement from where it is relative to get to the top of the range. We’re assuming loan balances are, in total, roughly flat. We’ll see some declines we think on the consumer side, particularly in the mortgage book, as we go into this year. But we will -- and so, we’ll need to see a little bit of growth in commercial and corporate side to get there. And then, we’re assuming spreads are about where they are relative to the other asset classes that we would invest in, and then, a very modest expansion of the securities portfolio, but not very big. So further steepening of the curve kind of increases overall sort of are positive relative to our assumptions. I think, the biggest sort of downside risk is what happens to loans, loan growth, particularly on the commercial and corporate side. But, a lot of the activity we’re seeing from stimulus and what the potential could be in terms of the recovery, particularly in the latter part of the year should be constructive for that. So, I think it’s not a Herculean task to sort of get to the top end of the range, but it does require a little bit of growth from -- in the loan book from where we are today. And then, maybe just, I guess related, I’ll give you a little sense of how mortgage -- the mortgage market is sort of doing in the first quarter. We are -- we did have -- the last couple of quarters have been pretty strong for origination -- in the mortgage origination market. And as we sort of see the first couple of weeks of January, it’s still pretty strong relative to both volume and margin on that balance. So, that should be also constructive as we sort of look into Q1.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I mean that’s certainly something we think about a lot, Steve, in terms of what’s the optimal level to run. I think, publicly, we said it’s around 10%. And as you noted, we’re running well above that target. So, that’s something we’ll keep in mind. But, as you know, we’ve been restricted from returning a lot of that back to shareholders at this point. And we always start the conversation first with ensuring that we’re allocating enough capital to grow the underlying businesses and invest in them with inside the Company. And at this point, we’re just restricted from returning. So hope that that will change over time.
Mike Santomassimo: No. I think that’s right. And just to kind of underline what Charlie said on the consumer side is that we’re not putting any kind of restrictions there. And I think that we’re seeing almost a 20% increase in deposit -- in consumer deposits. And I think that’s a good a good sign of how people feel about us and doing more with us. And so, I think that’s encouraging to see on the consumer business.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I mean, Brian, I think, as you sort of think about the reserve levels, I think for anybody, given the way the accounting standard works, you’re not necessarily reserved just for a base case, right? You reserved for a whole number of scenarios that could potentially play out that are far worse potentially than a base case scenario. And so, -- and that’s kind of where we are today. As you sort of look forward -- I think, as we sort of see the path of the recovery, I think we’re hopeful that all the stimulus and support that the government has been putting in, in its many different ways and potential for more of that should help provide a good bridge to the other side. And as Charlie said, I think if that’s the case, I think we’re -- we feel that we’re very conservatively accrued for that kind of positive outcome. But I think -- and we’ll see how it plays out over the next couple of quarters.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I would bring it back to page 17 in the presentation. On the right hand side, we’ve dimensioned the percentage that each of the categories contribute to the $8 billion, Brian. So, I think that will probably give you a good sense of where the most impact is coming from. And really, the things that we’re doing across the Company in terms of really streamlining the structure and finding ways to optimize are the biggest single piece, but it impacts many of -- most groups across the Company. And then, as you sort of look at the other categories, it’s -- they’re somewhat comparable relative -- on a relative basis in terms of their contribution. So, you can see what that looks like.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. No, it’s a good question. Look, as we sort of look forward, I think, the -- as you think about the different components of what you walked through, I think, the -- as we said it for 2021, the tax rate is going to be sort of in mid-single-digits. And so, you get a sense of how we think -- how sustainable that is for a little while. And really, the big drivers here though are going to be driving the expense down as we sort of outlined and really getting the annualized benefits of all the stuff we’re doing today and the stuff that will have more impact in 2022. And then, obviously, we’ve got the restrictions lifted on the buyback. So, I wouldn’t over-index on sort of the one-timers that you see in the quarter because the reserve releases are offset by some of the restructuring charges and other things that you sort of look that are embedded in that 8%.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I think we’ll give you better guidance on 2022 as we get towards the end of the year. But it’s something, as you -- it’s something that will take a few years to sort of work our way through that list. And as Charlie said, we’re not done. There’s a long list of other items that are being bedded as we speak that sort of add to that list, so.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, sure. And Gerard, I may take you up on that idea by the way of limiting the call, maybe next quarter. Look, I think, as you sort of look at the MSR asset, obviously there’s a bunch of things that sort of impact what’s happening, which sort of drives the servicing income in there. And I think a couple of things you saw was the higher prepays and sort of the velocity in the mortgage market impacting that. And then you also saw servicing cost as modeled. So, as you probably know, with these assets, like you’re modeling your future costs, which then reduces or increases your income in the current period. And you look at the -- that servicing income going up a little bit as you sort of look at the cost that you might have to incur, given some of the forbearance programs and the extensions of those. And so, there wasn’t anything outside of those items that was really driving the results.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Look, as I said earlier, to get to the top end of that range, we’re using sort of the implicit, the implied forward curve as it stands over the last week or so. And so, I think as you think about all else equal, any steepening from here or just overall increase from here, I think, would be helpful and additive to that.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Vivek, we’ll give you more color as we sort of announce those and we get to the closing of some of those transactions. But, it’s probably not that different I think relative to the revenue contribution.
Charlie Scharf: John, this is Charlie. How are you doing? I would also just add to that in that -- the $1.6 billion of investments that’s broken out on slide 19, that does include a significant continued increase in expenses related to the risk and infrastructure build-out that we have. And so, as we continue to move forward, there is a point at which that -- the increase certainly slows.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. Yes. I think the answer is yes. You should look at this as the complete list with the one aside that all companies should always relook at this on a regular basis to make sure that whatever assumptions you made are accurate. But, we’ve gone through an exhaustive review of everything that we do business by business at a level of detail well beyond the level that we report publicly. We’ve come up with these activities. We’ve thought about a whole bunch of other things. And so, this is the list that we’re actively working on, and we feel very good about everything else. As we think about the lens that we use, it starts with -- we look at the core customer base that we want to serve. And is it part of our capabilities that we have either targeted towards that customer base, or are they part of a package that’s logically offered to customers as one? Also look at risk returns. I would just make a comment on risk returns because I’ve heard a little -- people talking about this a little bit. It’s -- we’re not looking at the risk return of a given quarter. We’re looking at the risk return over a much longer life cycle of these businesses. And so, you add that together and the businesses that we’re exiting, they are perfectly good businesses and the things that we’re thinking about, there’s certainly -- the question is are they best housed within Wells Fargo? And so, we think the answer is probably best housed someplace else. There are different ways to get there and different arrangements that we can have with folks in terms of what that means. But again, I do feel very good at this point that we’ve looked across the enterprise.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. I guess, I would start with we did not approach this exercise with we have to sell businesses to create room under the asset cap. It was really the view was driven by what we think actually belongs within Wells Fargo for the long term. To the extent that it helps us with the asset cap, that’s certainly a benefit. But that was not the lens with which we view this. When you look at what we’ve done, the education finance business is roughly $10 billion or so in assets. The things that we’ve announced, that is the most significant piece. And so, sure, there’s no -- over time, creates the ability for us to redeploy that capacity elsewhere.
Charlie Scharf: I was going to say, so the dollar impact of those is up a little bit, but obviously has a much bigger impact on the rate when you’re earning less.
Charlie Scharf: And this is Charlie. Let me just add. Given what we’ve announced, those are announced transactions, not closed. So, it will take a period of time for these things to close. So, once you factor into certainly what will impact 2021, it’s a smaller amount. And we’re working hard at making sure that when we exit businesses, we get the expenses out. It obviously frees up capital that we have invested in those businesses as well as the games. And so, you put those things together. And that’s why we don’t think of the impact of these things as being material to either a plus or minus on what it means for our ratios. But, it cleans up the Company, it gets us focused on making sure that we’re putting resources towards the right things, and we’ve just got the Company set up properly going forward.
Charlie Scharf: And then, this is Charlie. If I could just add, when we think about the conservative capital position that we completely agree with and as we look at our performance over time, as CCAR does, that does allow us to rethink about what you’re talking about. You also -- we also think about just the position that we have with our allowance for credit losses. And so, we’re seeing what everyone else is seeing, which is that the performance is substantially better than we would have thought when we went into this, and when a lot of those CECL reserves were established. But we’ve also -- when asked -- we’ve been very clear in terms of what it takes to start to use that, which is we’d like to see something, which we really do believe is more sustained and more equitable recovery because so many uncertainties exist. So, everything that we see is extremely positive. But, we think the right thing to do is to be prudent there. And so, overall, the only -- really the only meaningful reserves that we reversed were because of the student loan sale, which we had to do. But that positions us from just a quality of balance sheet perspective even stronger going into 2021.
Charlie Scharf: Sure. This is Charlie. Thanks for the question. I think, we’re actually talking about slightly different things. And so, let me just try and walk through what I mean by that. The $10 billion that I referenced on the call was just the very simple math of our efficiency ratio versus our competitors, to say that that is the difference in efficiency between -- with which we run the company and they run the company. And when we look at what Wells is, we don’t believe that there’s any meaningful difference why that should be different. That doesn’t mean that we’re going to get to that number in a short period of time because these efficiencies take a long time to build in. They’re based upon both expense levels, but also the revenue levels that other people have. And so, that was what the math is. But it certainly served as a guidepost for us to sit and say, hey, why are others where they are versus where we are? And we didn’t look at it just overall. We looked at it by business. And again, as I mentioned in my comments, now you’ve got the ability to do more direct comparisons by business, so you can see a little bit more of what we’ve seen. So, the $8 billion reference is what we have -- are the list of initiatives that we have that are in progress of moving forward with. It’s a -- as these slides mentioned, it says they’re 250 and plus, there really are a list of 250 initiatives that we go through as an operating committee and each operating committee member is in the process of executing on which we believe we will be able to reduce on a gross basis, the expense base by $8 billion. Away from that, we’re not done. We still -- first of all, it’s like peeling an onion back. And so, once you get a series of efficiencies, it helps you look at everything else that’s left as well. And so, we’re confident that there’ll be more after that, which will help continue this multiyear drive to get to what we think is a reasonable efficiency level. Over a period of time to be comparable with our competitors, first of all, it took them years to get there. And so, that’s why it will take us a fair amount of time as well. We’ll accomplish a lot of it through expenses. But, we certainly need a higher net interest income, and some growth in our noninterest income expenses would certainly help us there. So, I still think of efficiency as something longer term that as we focus on just getting the expenses out and focusing on returns, our efficiency ratio will naturally become more competitive as opposed to a specific target in a specific year.
Charlie Scharf: And the only thing I’d add, I mean, it’s just when you wind up quarter-over-quarter, our allowance to loans is -- as a percentage basis is the same. And we sit here today and we say the performance continues to be better than expected, which would suggest we feel even better about the level of reserving. But again, we’re just -- given the unknowns, we think it’s a good position to be in and a prudent thing to do, but we certainly feel better off quarter-by-quarter.
Charlie Scharf: The only thing I would add is just being very thoughtful about it is, as Mike said, I think, there are lots of pluses and minuses, we could go through each of them, and we think -- and we do think it is a reasonable starting point. But, the thing I would add is, we obviously at this point have really detailed plans as we look into 2021 by quarter and for the full year and do feel very good about that as a starting point.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Matt, listen, It’s a very, very tactful way of asking the question of when we think the asset cap will be lifted, which you know that I’m not in a position to answer. And so, I think, your sentiments are right about what it takes, it takes time, it takes a management team. I think what I’ll say, if you look at the remarks that we made in the prepared part of the call, the words are very carefully chosen. And so, we do believe that we’re making progress. As I even work broadly, I feel great about the team we have in place, our understanding of what has to get done for this consent order and for the others. As I said, I made the statement, I do believe that we’re making progress. But, if you look at the words that are required in the consent order, they’re really clear, which is execute and implement that, and we’ve got significant work to do. And I can’t share with you. I wish -- I believe and I understand why you’re asking. I said this last quarter, too. I really do. I wish I could share with you the specifics of what the plan is. I can’t do that. And ultimately, it’s up to the FRB anyway. So, I really -- I’m just not in a position to put the time frame around it, other than I feel very confident that we know what has to get done and we’re moving forward. And I wish I could be more specific than that.
Charlie Scharf: I really can’t. I’m just -- again, we’re not in a position because of CSI to be able to talk about where we stand, the progress, where we are along that continuum. Again, I just -- I go back -- I wish I could say more, I go back to the words. I do believe that we’re making progress. As I said, it’s really clear what we have to do. I think, we have people that don’t just understand what needs to be done but are capable of adopting and implementing, which is what’s required for the third-party review once -- at the point at which the Fed ultimately accepts the -- or just chooses to accept. And that’s really all I could say at this point.
Charlie Scharf: And let me just add to it, just so we’re not trying to be coy in any way, shape or form. What we’re trying to do is do what we said we would do, which is, we said last quarter that we would give you what we thought was our clearest line of sight to our expenses for 2021, which is what we’ve done. As we look beyond that, we do believe there are significant additional gross cost saves to take out. But, we’re also making sure that we’ve got the ability as we go through the year to understand what continuing investments need to get made, which include doing everything that we need to do on the risk and regulatory front. So, we don’t want to give a net number and box ourselves in and then believe we need to spend a different amount on the risk and regulatory stuff because that’s going to be what it ever needs -- what it needs to be. And so, what the prepared remarks laid out was the gross saves are significant. We expect to -- what we’re targeting is to continue to show net reductions year-over-year. So, we continue on this path to increasing efficiency, acknowledging that we’re not giving you the specificity beyond 2021 at this point.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Well, so just -- first of all, our number one priority is getting the risk and regulatory work done, which will ultimately resolve these consent orders that we have. The management -- building the management team is one of the key enablers in getting there. Yes, listen, I feel great about the management team that we have. I think that this is -- these are -- it is always an ongoing process where we’re always looking at once one level gets filled, everyone is looking to make sure that they’ve got the right members of the team behind them. And there’s no question that with all of the talent we brought in from the outside, given where we are, that enables us to leverage more of the talent inside the Company and put them in the right roles. So, I don’t foresee the pace and the dramatic changes that we’ve made. I think, most of that is done at this point, and then it’s just continuing to build the lower levels and recognizing that there are always some changes that happen here and there for different reasons.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. I mean, so, when we look at that -- what page is it? It’s the page 19 that shows the -- where we break out from the $54 billion going to $53 billion, and then we break out the net $1.5 billion reduction and we show you the gross versus the investments. Embedded in that $1.6 billion is a series of things. Roughly a third of it or so are specific adds that we’re doing to continue the work on building out the risk and control infrastructure. Those are everything from continued adds in compliance, independent risk and all the functions that are necessary to, for the most part, build the operational and compliance, infrastructure that’s required in Fed and OCC consent orders, but is the right foundational work to do. We have a series of increases embedded in there, which are investments in technology. Some of the expenses relate to things we need to build to get the efficiencies out, but we also have some net increases there, also to continue building out some product capabilities and things like that. So, I’ll just point you back to that $1.6 billion is on a gross basis, what’s embedded in our numbers this year, 2021 that is.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. So just to be clear, because I don’t want to -- of the $1.6 billion that’s in the investment line, again, roughly a third of that is very clearly the risk and control build-out. But, the reality is there could be other things that we’re doing that’s in the remainder. Another big chunk of what’s in that increase are things that we’re doing to drive efficiency in the Company. And then, there are obviously things that we’re doing to build the future of the business. Your question of how to think about gross and net and the level of investments for the future, I think that is -- that’s quite frankly -- that’s one of the reasons why we’re just being very careful not to commit to anything beyond 2021. For 2021, we’ve been very, very thoughtful about what we believe we need to do, what we want to do and what do we actually have the capacity to do. And that’s what’s reflected in these numbers here. We’ve hired a series of new people, both from the business side as well as Ather on the digital side. And as we think through what the expense base could be in ‘22 and beyond, we don’t know at this point what we want that increase to be, which over time hopefully becomes more about building products and services that could beat more effectively in the marketplace. And so, I’m not sure again how to answer the question other than we expect to be doing that. We do have some of it embedded in the numbers today. But, we want to make sure that we understand what we might want to do. At the same time that we’re saying we believe based on everything we know today, that we still should be able to do best and drive the expense base down on a net basis. Just not sure what the net number is sitting here today.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Listen, CRE, I mean, as you can see in our disclosures is an extremely important business for us. We think we have a great franchise, which is made up of -- it’s the customer base, but it’s also the people that we have. We’re not -- our portfolio is not immune to losses that will inevitably be taken because of this environment, separate that out from we believe that we are hopefully more than appropriately reserve for that, but time will tell. The devil is in the detail when you talk about commercial real estate, in terms of -- it’s a very broad caption. But, when you look at who you’re lending to, what the structures are, obviously a big difference between hotels, retail, office space, the level of security you have. And so, I -- we continue to believe that done properly, it will continue to be a really important part of what we do. And we’ve got a team that reacts appropriately and actions they’ve taken certainly going even into COVID will serve us well. Trading, listen, I think, as I said before, Vivek, I think, you’re expanding the impact a little bit. I think, there’s no question that when we look at our corporate investment bank in addition to our commercial bank, when we’ve asked people to take actions to reduce balance sheet, that’s a place where we’ve gone. And it’s true on the deposit side, but it’s also true on the trading side as well, both in terms of customer financing as well as trading assets where possible. Again, I would say the same thing here. I think, our customers understand what we’re doing and why we’re doing it. They understand the position that we’re in. And I think when we’ve looked at where we’ve had to make reductions, it’s been with an eye towards when the asset cap does eventually go away, and we have a latitude to continue building as we were building in the past. We would expect to see more resources put there, certainly to bring us back in line where we were and then to build the business like we want to build the rest of our businesses at Wells.
Charlie Scharf: No. Listen, I think, it’s -- home lending is a really important business for us to be in. I don’t -- when we look at what we want to do to serve consumers across Wells Fargo, home lending -- when I say consumers, I mean, both in our consumer and small business bank as well as customers that they deal with directly through their own channels as well as our wealth segment. Home lending products are extremely important to that relationship. We’ve got a great team there. As you know, Mike Weinbach runs all of home lending. Kristy Fercho joined us as the CEO of our Home Lending business. And I think, for us it’s going to be going to that next level of detail, which is really understanding on the origination side by channel, what does profitability look like, how do we continue to drive more profitability, how do we compete more effectively in digital originations where the banks generally have not done a great job versus what others have done. And on the servicing side being more thoughtful probably than we’ve been about portfolio by portfolio, what are the servicing economics, where do we think it makes sense for us to service, where does it not make sense for us to service. And so, I think what you’ll see is, us becoming -- putting a finer point on what that looks like from a service perspective and driving more profitability on the origination side, but it’s important for us.
Charlie Scharf: Okay. Listen, thank you very much. Certainly, we appreciate all the time that you’ve put in, not just on this call, but we know the revised disclosures create a bunch of work for you all. But hopefully, it helps us have a better conversation going forward as we talk about what the future of the Company is. And as I said, I think, we’ve got a lot of work still to do. I believe we’re making great progress. And when these headwinds abate and the actions that we’re taking are reflected in our performance, I continue to feel really good about what the opportunity holds for us. So, thanks again for the time, and look forward to talking to you some more. Take care.
