Tim Sloan: Sure. So let me start and John jump in and let’s talk about the revenue line first. You are absolutely right, the net interest income was down from the fourth quarter, but that was because there were two fewer days in the quarter. And as John pointed out, net interest income year-over-year was up about 5%. So we feel comfortable that we are going to see continued net interest income growth over the rest of the year. We can talk about that more latter if you would like. In terms of efficiency, as I highlighted and as you know, the first quarter tends to be a bit higher because of the compensation related activities that are concentrated in that first quarter. Even when you strip those out, and that’s one of the reasons why we wanted to provide the detail about our expenses, not only year-over-year, but also sequential quarter, you will see an increase in our expenses. And so even without that first quarter seasonality, we would have been operating outside the range that we have talked about historically of between 55% and 59%. And as I have said and as John said, operating outside that range from our perspective is just not acceptable. Now, as it relates to the $2 billion of reductions that we have talked about previously, again as you highlighted, all those are going to be reinvested in growing the company and making the necessary investments for our success over the long-term. In addition to that, we appreciate that we need to improve the efficiencies of this company. And we are going to provide more detail about how we are going to make those improvements at Investor Day. So imagine on Investor Day, we are talking – we will be talking about additional efficiencies that would fall to the bottom line beyond that $2 billion.
Tim Sloan: Erika, I think it’s going to be a challenge to do that in terms of averaging that for the year. My guess is we will be at the high end of that range. But as you have pointed out in your questions and as John’s pointed out, there is a lot of puts and takes to get to what an efficiency ratio looks like. It’s not only a function of expense level, but it’s also revenue level. But I think that operating at an elevated level, as we’ve said, is something that you should expect. But again long-term, that’s not our goal and that’s not our expectation.
Tim Sloan: Yes. John, my suggestion is we will provide you with more detail on that at Investor Day. I think there is – that’s not a significant part of this $2 billion. We really came up with this $2 billion initiative prior to the beginning of the reduction in branches that we have talked about for this year. And as you know that you generally don’t get the benefit of any sort of reduction or the expense reduction for branches in that first year. It tends to lag just a little bit. But we will provide some more detail in that in John’s presentation and in Mary’s presentation at Investor Day.
Tim Sloan: Yes, John, I would look forward to that at Investor Day. I mean, just to reinforce, right, 62.7% efficiency ratio, even taking out the seasonality in the first quarter is too high. We’ve got a $2 billion expense initiative that we have talked about a little over the last few quarters that is primarily focused on reinvesting for the long-term. In addition to that, we appreciate that we have got to improve our operating efficiency – our expense efficiency ratio and you will see more about that in Investor Day and you should expect a bigger number.
Tim Sloan: Matt, it’s a very fair question. I think it’s difficult to pinpoint an exact number, though again, I understand why you are interested. I think the way that I would maybe try to categorize things is that the sale – retail sales practices issues primarily impacted our retail banking business. So when you look at the progress that we have made in terms of customer experience scores, customer loyalty, you have seen the increase in the number of primarily checking accounts and so on. You would see progress from the lows of the fourth quarter. And you are – in many of the metrics, you are seeing progress throughout the first quarter. But they are certainly not back to pre-settlement levels, right. And so my expectation is that over time, we will continue to make progress. I think Mary and her team in community banking are doing a great job, we talked about the success with Mary and David’s team in terms of the wealth and community banking partnership. And so I think that that’s where I would focus on. Clearly, we have seen a reduction in new account openings, in credit card. And my guess is that when you look at the annualized numbers, we will – you will continue to see some deterioration in the second quarter and then we will begin to rebound from that. But that’s where I would focus on the retail side. For the rest of the company, I know you look at wholesale banking year-over-year, up 10%, if you look at wealth and investment management year-over-year, up 22%. I mean both of those businesses had some of the best quarters in their history. So we have got some challenges on the retail side. We are very focused on that. But I think the rest of the bank is continuing to perform well and the retail bank business is really performing better than the lowest points in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Tim Sloan: Yes. I understand Matt. I mean look, we always think we are under-earning, right. So it’s not – we don’t want to get away from that, the fact that we think that we can continue to grow this company. Clearly, we have had a difficult period in our history, right. But another one to highlight for example would be you look at credit card balance growth and fee growth, they are in the high single-digits over the last few years. And now, we have drifted down a bit. Can we get that back up, of course we can. Is it going to happen in the next month, no. But it’s going to happen over time. And again, I would look at the detailed metrics that we provided as it relates to the retail business. Look at where we were historically, where we are now, the pace of recovery and then step back and make some educated guesses. And my guess is that you will probably be right.
Tim Sloan: So let me start. And then John jump in. I was in Arizona this week and in a few of our branches. I will tell you, for our team and our branches, they haven’t turned the page. They are in a different book. They are out there serving our customers every day and they are making progress. And you see it in the numbers. I think that one of the keys to the progress that we have made over the last six months and we have accomplished a lot in a difficult environment. It’s not to say we are not through it is that we task individuals to spend 100% of their time on some of the regulatory issues. For example, we talked about the fact publicly that we established the rebuilding trust office, meaning that we didn’t want lots of people to be spending 10% and 15% of their time on some of these issues. We wanted them to spend 100% of their time. So we have created a new group and they are spending 100% of their time on some of the issues in and around their consent orders and some of the other remediation that were done. As it relates to senior management, it really depends on the business. It depends on the activity and it depends on the day. It’s episodic. I would have to say some days, I am probably spending 100% of my time on some of these issues. And you know what, that’s a great long-term investment. Because if we believe what we say, which is that rebuilding trust is the most important activity we can, I would better – I’d spend 150% of my day on that. So, it’s episodic, but I think everyday, we are continuing to make progress. I couldn’t be more proud of the progress that our team has made. I think they have made 9 months of progress in 6 months and they should be congratulated.
Tim Sloan: Yes, it’s a very good question. And the short answer is of course it’s having an impact on the performance of the company. I mean I think that when you step back and you look at the – how serious the retail sales practice issues were and the reputational impact on the company, you can only reach that conclusion, right. Having said that, I also step back and appreciate that we have been in business for 165 years and we have had periods in our history where we have hit some rough patches. And I think what we have been able to demonstrate historically and that what our team has been able to demonstrate over the last few months, is we can work through those challenges and we will work through those challenges. But in the short-term, it’s had an impact. It’s had an impact in reference to Matt’s question about the time that we are spending in various activities, but I think it’s making us a better company. I have seen the management team of this company step up and accomplish things that I wouldn’t have imagined. I think we have asked a lot more of ourselves. It’s increased the pace at which change that we are making in the company. And all the while, right, we just had our 18th consecutive quarter of generating more than $5 billion of earnings. And we have achieved industry leading, where we are near the highs, ROA and ROE, right. And that’s a reflection of the quality of the team that we have and that’s the reflection of this diversified business model, which is incredibly valuable. So, it’s a big picture question. That was a big picture answer. But there is no question in my mind that we are going to continue to improve from here.
Tim Sloan: Yes, Vivek, I would prefer on this call not to spend a lot of time dissecting the board’s report. I think that the board’s report was a very tough and comprehensive review of the issues over a long timeframe. It dealt with some very serious historical challenges. Having said that, hindsight is incredibly valuable when you look back at the reputational risk, reputational impact on the company and I think that based on the information that we had at the time, I think we made the appropriate decisions in terms of our disclosures. And I would – and I think that the report reinforced that. But again, knowing what we know now, would we have made different decisions, not necessarily in terms of disclosure, but in terms of actions that we took and changes we took? Absolutely.
Tim Sloan: Yes. I think that’s fair. And frankly, that isn’t necessary a widely programmatic pricing change, but it’s for different categories of customers based on relationship, based on value of the deposit, etcetera. So it’s been somewhat sort of by appointment as we have navigated through these rate increases.
Tim Sloan: Yes, because we need to adjust our earnings credit rate, the ECR rate that we pay to those customers. So I think that’s fair.
Tim Sloan: And there is – all kidding aside, there is a difference I think between the impact on treasuries and also the impact on MBS at the same time, it’s hard to say if all other things were equal, because when you think about the impact on MBS at the same time that, that could be happening, we would be having a restructuring in terms of Fannie and Freddie in the mortgage market. And so I think we have got to make sure that we are taking that into consideration.
Tim Sloan: But I think if you, to John’s point, I think if you assume kind of a high double-digit range, 60 basis points to 70 basis points to 80 basis points, that’s as good as we can imagine right now.
Tim Sloan: Well, that certainly could happen, but that’s not where we are focused on in terms of improving the efficiency of the company. And I am glad you pointed that out. I mean that would be – I mean if revenues grew at 2x what we have talked about and the efficiency ratio very quickly would fall within our ranges. We are not going to declare victory because of that. We are going to focus on improving the efficiency of the company. We will measure it by the efficiency ratio. But we will certainly not take credit for the benefits that occur because revenues are up. We want to stay with the risk discipline that we have as an overlay to all of this. There is no question about that. But we want to improve the operating efficiency of the company.
Tim Sloan: Sure and I am glad you asked that question. So one of the areas that the Board focused on was the historical structure of the company, which I would describe is very siloed [ph] in terms of each business having its own compliance function, credit function, finance function, HR function. And just think about all the enterprise activities, technology, all the enterprise activities that you would need to operate a business like that. And I think the report appropriately highlighted that that structure didn’t allow for the appropriate escalation, the timely escalation of the underlying issues, number one. And number two, it didn’t allow for as strong as of checking balance that we would have had hoped for. We fundamentally changed that. And what does that mean, that means that we have moved the folks that were in risk within the community banking business to our enterprise risk function. So they now report to our Chief Risk Officer, Mike Loughlin. We have moved to the human resources team that was in the community banking business and they now report up through our Chief Administrative Officer, Hope Hardison. And I could go on and on with each one of the activities. So we centralized our enterprise activities. That’s going to create some efficiencies over time. But the primary reason we did that was so that we had the – a more appropriate escalation of risk and a more timely escalation of risk. And I can see that working now in the company today. And that’s some of the hard work and effort that the team has been focused on over the last few months and that’s completed.
Tim Sloan: I think that you should imagine the cost of compliance being elevated right now. And the reason it’s elevated right now is the things as you pointed out – or the reason – or you pointed out, there is a lot of change going on and we want to make sure we do it right. We have two consent orders that we need to comply with. And we have invited third-parties to look at our practices in our culture across the company. So I would say that they are elevated right now. And once we comply with the consent orders and we make sure that there are no other issues that we need to deal with then you can imagine those going down over time. But right now, the most important job of this company is rebuilding trust. We can’t sacrifice short-term efficiency for doing that. Over the long-term, we are going to do that and that’s what we will – we will talk about that efficiency more at Investor Day.
Tim Sloan: Sure. So Nancy, I might just push back a little bit on the bogus comment, because that would indicate that our statements were materially inaccurate and they weren’t, okay. Having said that, you make a really fair point and it’s one that we’re wrestling with. Because some of the metrics that we’re seeing and that we’ll talk about in Investor Day for example, would tell us that the average value of the new checking customer that we are bringing on is more valuable than maybe 1, 2 years ago or 3 years ago. And so we certainly could imagine an environment where, let’s say, the rate of new primary checking growth in Community Banking may be lower than pre-settlement levels, but the value and therefore the revenue impact over time might be higher. And so we are working through all that right now, but I take your point. I didn’t mean to suggest and I appreciate the correction that I didn’t mean to suggest that we think we are going to get to exactly to those numbers. But clearly, primary checking account growth at less than 2% is below what our aspirations are. And we can do better than that over time delivering product, service and advice and products in the right way.
Tim Sloan: You know, Nancy, the short answer is I hope so. But one of the things that I’ve learned painfully, and I think we’ve all learned painfully, over the last 6 months is that regardless of how well we perform or how dramatic the changes are, we don’t control the headlines. I could wish we did. I wish that the media would cover the fact that we’re one of the most generous, not the most generous firm and financial services. I wish the media would cover the fact that we’ve now had our 18th consecutive quarter of earnings over $5 billion. I wish the media would highlight all the changes that we made in headlines in this company over the last 6 months, but the new business is different. It changes. They are under more pressure. I respect that. We respect it. So we are going to work very hard as we continue to rebuild trust and do everything we can to put the headline risk behind it. But I don’t control it, and we don’t.
Tim Sloan: Thank you. Well, I want to thank all of you for your time this morning. I know it’s been a very busy morning for all of you. I want to thank you for the depth and breadth of your questions. As we’ve mentioned, our number one priority here is rebuilding trust in all of our shareholders. And clearly, you are all very important stakeholders for our company. And we are doing that with the overlay of making good, long-term decisions to provide the best long-term returns to our shareholders. I couldn’t be more proud of our team in terms of the progress that they have made over the last 6 months, in terms of how we are delivering on the vision to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them to succeed financially. We look forward to seeing all of you at our Investor Day in about a month. So thank you and have a great day.
John Shrewsberry: One thing I would add, I think we will provide some more clarity at Investor Day that the $2 billion that we are talking about reinvesting, we are essentially reinvesting it today, and so there is a little bit of– there needs to be more clarity I think on the – on just the time element of what happens to the $2 billion to the extent that we are already in an elevated situation. And from point, it would be contributing to the bottom line at that point, if not from – from the more efficient place that we were recently. So it’s not as if we operate outside our range today for example and then we came up with $2 billion of efficiency, we would spend another $2 billion. It’s contributing to paying for what was – is elevated today.
John Shrewsberry: No. I think that’s right. So where short-term rates are and are going is a big part of it, where long-term rates are matters a lot, because we generate interest income by investing at the longer end of the curve. And to the extent that, that outlook is lower than it was earlier in the quarter, then it will be harder to generate incremental growth net interest income from that activity. We have to have a good handle on where both deposits and loans are going to be growing, and there is nothing to suggest that we feel comfortable in the mid--to-high single-digits frankly in the ongoing deposit growth and loans are probably in the low-single digits. So that has to be factored in. And then the deposit response, the realized betas that the market is offering and that we are taking will be the big swing factor. And we will observe that over time. I think as we have said and I think have heard already this morning, it feels like there hasn’t been much of a move on consumer and small business deposit pricing from the last couple of moves. To the extent that we got a couple of more moves and realized betas begin to pick up and what feels like out-performance today could be tougher later in the cycle. All that will matter.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So in terms of keeping more mortgages, we have – keeping conforming mortgages on the books really hasn’t been a tool that we have talked about. We have got – we are adding what we think is plenty in the way of that asset category on the non-conforming side. So for the moment anyway, that hasn’t been a strategy that we have considered. With respect to the – to OCI sensitivity, the big topic since the election has been what’s going to happen with long rates, are they going to make a move and I think the market was discounting for a while what the possibility was of meaningful tax reform, some form of infrastructure stimulus. And if both of those things get dropped on an economy with relatively full employment, that’s inflationary. And if that happens, there is a very reasonably expectation of higher long-term rates. And with that as a backdrop, of course until it didn’t happen at least in the short-term, preparing ourselves for a meaningful move up at the longer end of the curve both in terms of the capital impact of our existing stock of AFS securities as well as the decision around dry powder and whether you reinvest in the first quarter or the second quarter or the third quarter depending on where your entry points are, that has been a consistent topic. So, because that stimulus hasn’t occurred, it still may, but certainly is lower probability today than it was in November and December. They were back down in lower 10-year rates, lower mortgage rates than we were there for a while. And now we have to ask ourselves again, are we going to be lower for a while, lower for longer or are we still awaiting for a shoe to drop in for there to be a big backup in rates? Sensitizing what that means to capital, for every 50, 75 or 100 basis point move in the 10-year and mortgage yields, that’s the risk that we are trying to manage as we navigate. And the trade-off of course is carry in the short-term. We had positioned ourselves very heavily invested lower for longer in an outspoken way before the election. And now we are contemplating what profile to maintain going forward. We want to have – we want to retain or frankly maybe even increase our asset sensitivity which is – which we have talked about sort of 5% to 15% at the lower end of the range. And every incremental decision we make to get invested to turn cash into HQLA reduces that asset sensitivity. So if we are in the rising rate environment, one way for us to preserve that – one way, there are others – is to delay investments in the fixed rate securities we would otherwise make. That’s what we are talking about.
John Shrewsberry: Well, it’s hard to parse each piece. We sort of outperformed our expectation in the first quarter, because deposit prices didn’t react the way that we had originally modeled them. But we have to imagine how the market pricing will react for each subsequent move. When you put all the pieces in, a few moves, loan growth, deposit growth, investment activity, I think that sort of mid single-digit NII growth over the course of the year is a reasonable expectation. There are other things in there as well. But looking at the first quarter, looking at where we are and maybe with room to miss on the upside, that’s how I would think about it right now.
John Shrewsberry: It’s a little early, but we will be updating our approach with each passing quarter. So even though we said 200 a year for 2 years, we will learn from the process that we are going through. And I think the presentation that Mary will give at Investor Day will very specifically describe the criteria that we are using, why these and why these now and what we will be looking forward to make decisions around incremental ones going forward. And I think that should be pretty transparent and helpful. And just I think I mentioned it earlier, but we have closed about 40 in the first quarter and are on track for the 200 for this year.
John Shrewsberry: I would expect them to be elevated for a while, because the board review was certainly part of it. It was conducted by an outside firm and that cost rolls through that line item. Recall that in connection with the consent orders, we have – there are a couple of outside firms that are doing major reviews internally. And then separately, we did something similar outside or in addition to the consent order to look at every part of the sales practices of our firm with actually another third-party. We have got programs around cyber, programs around data, programs in a handful of areas that are all at least in part relying on some combination of outside professional services firms and/or contract services firms, contract labor. So, some of those will be around for several quarters, even though the board report is done.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. Well, so in the first quarter, with outside professional services firms, some of that is sort of their billing cycle, etcetera. So, we estimated I think 50 to 60 a quarter ago. In the quarter or I’d say now at least for the next couple of quarters, it looks more like 70 to 80. We will give a quarterly update on that to provide transparency and try and be as accurate as we can.
John Shrewsberry: We are feeling thorough, helpful and cooperative as it relates to CCAR this year. A big part of CCAR is the expectation that firms do a great job at identifying their own risks and addressing their risks in their forecasting and they are laying their capital plan on top of that with that realistic assessment. We think we have done a very good job of that. Of course it’s early in the review cycle. So we will know as time passes. But we are very self-aware of the possibilities of the areas for criticism or skepticism based on our own peculiar specific circumstances. And we think we have accounted for that. We’ve been transparent, cooperative and had a lot of discussion with our regulators. But now we are in the process. We have done a good job of this before. We think we are doing a good job at it now. We think we have positioned ourselves for it, but now we are in the review.
John Shrewsberry: We have persisted in that this quarter. We did that just as a cautionary approach, because if you recall the feedback that we got around resolution planning, it said that if we didn’t appropriately remediate the identified deficiencies with the passage of time that one of the next step remedies that the regulators maintain and could take was to ask us to roll back our balance sheet size to September 30 of last year. So just because we wouldn’t want to put ourselves in a position of having to make an abrupt change for something that was out of our control, we decided to leave things at that level and they are still operating there today.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. So I think we mentioned that in part, our net interest income was impacted to about $100 million for our average trading assets being lower. In part, that would have related to keeping them at a level that was underneath the cap that we put in place. So I think that, that could be a placeholder for the impact. I don’t think that it’s preventing us from conducting the business that we want to conduct. And what it would take us for to change of course is there – the acceptance of our remediation approach to the deficiencies that we filed on 3/31. And then also frankly the review of our 7/1 plan, right we are all on a new resolution planning cycle. And we all, meaning the banking community, we need to get feedback on that plan to make sure that it’s well understood what the profile of our non-bank activity means to our preferred approach to resolution. So my expectation is that we will probably be around where we are today or maybe somewhat higher until we go through this full resolution planning cycle.
John Shrewsberry: We file on 7/1. It’s hard to say what the response time is for that. We could get more information or have a better understanding between now and then or during the process afterwards. But on the one hand, there isn’t a pent-up demand for an excessive amount of incremental assets in that business. So it’s not – well, we want to be able to serve all of our customers and have flexibility there. That’s valuable, but it’s not something that is waiting to happen. And then on the other hand, the timeframes are uncertain because this is – we are not in control of that process.
John Shrewsberry: I think its excess capacity in the industry of mortgage market is going to shrink to $1.5 trillion, $1.7 trillion worth of volume. And there was more last year than there are people who are going to try and price down to utilize as much capacity as they can. So, it may not be down a ton, but that’s I think at the margin will be a difference maker.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, we are a significant user of that category. There are liquidity limitations when you move a lot of assets into held-to-maturity. They are not as readily available in model terms, in regulatory terms as ready liquidity. So, you have to be cautious about how you do that. But we are a heavier user of that for that these days, for that very reason.
John Shrewsberry: Right. We have begun to use held-to-maturity in a more significant way for the very reason that you are describing. But nonetheless, we have got – we have a lot of interest rate sensitivity in that portfolio. And that is – that’s probably the chief driver of volatility around our capital levels. And we are cautious about it. And of course if you believe, like it was reasonable to believe during last quarter that a significantly more attractive entry point might be in the relatively near future than you would pause or slowdown anyway. And that’s what we are wrestling with, especially now that rates have rallied back and it looks less likely that sort of the investable part of the curve that we are talking about is going to be substantially higher in the future. We have to have an opinion about that and then suffer the consequences once we have made our choices.
John Shrewsberry: I don’t think it will have an impact on our earnings, but it is an observation that consumer unsecured credit is probably the weak spot in our overall credit portfolios. They are a little bit worse than they were. We also have our own – we slowed down the growth of the size of the portfolios. So it was a little bit less of a new customer phenomenon, a little bit more of a seasoned customer phenomenon. So it was going to behave a little bit differently, if it’s growing at a different pace than it used to. I think we have got some fanning of the performance of different cohorts of origination from year-to-year. I think at the margins, it’s a little bit worse, not – it’s not a big enough contributor to our performance overall where it’s going to make a big difference. I think it’s priced for the risk that we have, but the losses are a little bit worse. I think as we had historically been a – originated primarily through our branches, which is well understood. And we have been experimenting with other channels of origination and as we do that, I think there is an expectation that on average those other channels will perform a little bit worse than people who are already are deposit customers. We think we can price for that risk. We think that’s how the industry works. It’s a reasonable approach. But when comparing history with present, we should display some difference in performance.
John Shrewsberry: Well, so it’s correct that our deposit pricing changed in commercial almost entirely versus consumer or small business. And so really, the full move in average deposit costs for the company is coming from commercial. So we will do some quick weighted average math here and describe it. It’s roughly half of the deposits of the company. The impact on commercial was roughly double what the average was for the company as a whole.
John Shrewsberry: There are a variety of academic studies that we have processed, because as you are accurately pointing out, that is sort of a key risk in our OCI analysis, especially as the talk’s been heating up about them being more explicit about a QE reversal. And I think as you weighted average or look through those studies and see what they mean – and of course, this is going to feel different on different days as the market reacts to the notion of selling. But in terms of that supply ending up having distributed back throughout the investing community, the market would suggest you are in sort of the 60 basis points range in terms of yield differential. I mean there is a lot of assumptions that are baked into that. But that would be a sort of a consensus of the academic work that’s been done on the topic.
John Shrewsberry: There could be wild volatility on any given day or week. But once all is settled, that’s the estimate of the full absorption of that overhang of supply.
John Shrewsberry: No, but in fact, we haven’t. We have sort of stuck with our approach and the value proposition of being a retail customer of Wells Fargo with a whole bundle of capability, functionality, etcetera and the relationships that we have had. So, we haven’t been competing in retail banking on price.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. Well, it depends on what the calculations are for outflows under LCR, because our combination of cash in HQLA, which for LCR purposes are indistinguishable is a function of those possible outflows under stress. So it’s going to move around. It’s probably in the $200 billion range. But the decision to whether to have a little more than that or a lot more than that plays back into this question of what you are going to do with the rest of it. Is there meaningful loan demand in that period? Is there an attractive entry point for adding to our investment portfolio that period? And how is that influenced by our OCI sensitivity at that point in time given where rates are and where they are likely to go on a probabilistic basis. All of those things fit together. But at least with the balance sheet structure the way that it currently is, our commitments or other sort of calls on liquidity the way they currently are, $200 billion is probably not too far off of a reasonable level.
John Shrewsberry: If we begin to get either a rate move up or more certainty that the bigger stimulus, which might cause a big rate move up, is it going to happen one way or another, my sense is that we’re probably get more invested in the course of the year or of course, if there are big moves in loan growth beyond what we would reasonably imagine, which is the first call on all of our liquidity.
