Tim Sloan: Sure. Both really good questions Erika, and thanks Erika. Thank you for asking them. Let me just level set right, in that a lot of the dialogue that we have with the Fed is covered by a confidential supervisory information, so I want to be very careful in the feedback I’m providing. But, I want to reiterate that we continue to have very frequent and constructive dialogue with the Fed, and we’re both working towards the same goal, which is that we want to have best-in-class risk management period. As you would recall, the consent order has two main topics. One is corporate governance. And the second is compliance and operational risk management. And each of these have multiple work streams behind them. The plans that we provided are very comprehensive, involve extensive documentation, which takes time to review and to process. So the feedback that we’re getting from the Fed is very detailed and the outlook we’re providing uses the best judgment that we have in terms of how long the process will take. But at the same time, we’re continuing to actively work and implement the new risk management framework, as I mentioned, we detailed that in our third quarter 10-Q and as well as incorporating the input that we’re getting back from the Fed along the way. And from my perspective, we’re making good progress. It’s just taking a little bit longer than what we had originally anticipated. But, to your second question, I think the fourth quarter results reinforce our ability particularly when you look at loan growth, and you net out the impact of the legacy loan portfolios for example, in Pick-a-Pay from the asset sales or the decline in pre 2009 home equity portfolio. But when we factor that out, what you saw is our ability to serve our customers by providing them credit. You saw our deposit growth continue. And so our view is that we’re going to be able to operate under the asset cap, meet and exceed the expectations of the Federal Reserve as it relates to our requirements under the asset cap and serve our customers, because again, we’re in complete agreement with the Fed about what needs to be done and we’re in the midst of implementing that. So we’re making progress. It’s just happening a little bit slower than we had originally anticipated, but we’ll get there.
Tim Sloan: Sure. So let me start and then John can jump in. I think first, we were really pleased to be able to achieve the expense targets that were promised to all last summer at Investor Day, right. And we want to reiterate today, and I hope you appreciated hearing that from both John and me, and I’ll say it a third time that our goal is to hit and achieve the expense targets that we provided you not only for this year, but through 2020. Having said that, we certainly appreciate that the market is dynamic, the economy is dynamic, there’s lots of change that are going on, and to the extent that, that we see opportunities to take additional or make additional expense saves, we’re going to go ahead and do that. That may be generated by the fact that we see the opportunities or if revenues might be a little bit lower. But when we look at the economy today, and we look at our performance for the fourth quarter, we feel cautiously optimistic about 2019. So again, I think that our goal is to meet the expectations that we set for you as it relates to expenses for 2019, and 2020. If we do need to do more, of course, we’ll go ahead and do that. John, I don’t know if you want to provide any more…
Tim Sloan: Hey, John. Just to reemphasize a point and that is I think we feel very good about our ability to impact net interest income in terms of what we can control, which is our ability to grow deposits. Our ability to provide good service to grow the number of primary checking account relationships our ability to grow loans, and as John pointed out, the lessening impact of the legacy portfolios or for example the credit decisions and the transformation that we made in our auto business, which John pointed out it’s -- it's what we don’t control, which is where the short end of the curve is going to be and the long end of the curve, and what the slope is going to be that is more of a question mark. But in terms of our ability to serve our customers, and to provide them credit and grow deposits we feel good about that.
Tim Sloan: Well you can. I mean, when you’re buying back that number of shares you can never really buy the bottom tech right. You have to be methodically maybe in the market every day. And, and so it’s a – it’s a math exercise to get it done.
Tim Sloan: Well I’ll start and then John can jump in. I think to the extent that we had an impact from the capital markets shutting down in December. It happened obviously in the C&I book, and there was some portion of that. I think it’s hard to say that it was exactly a billion dollars or exactly two billion dollars. But -- but there’s no question there a portion of that was related to the market that the other another portion of it candidly was related to the fact that we saw some high quality deal activity that we were involved in. Now I recall the first quarter tends to be a little bit seasonally lower for the entire industry. That may not happen this year. We don’t know, but I think that’s important to recognize. On the consumer side, obviously there was no impact, so that the consumer growth that we saw really across the board when you think about it with the exception of the slight pullback we had in an auto because of the sale of reliable, was actually pretty good. So I think we continue to be optimistic about our ability to grow loans in throughout all of next year. But, if it was a few billion dollars, I think that’s probably a reasonable estimate. John, I don’t know if you have any more detail on that.
Tim Sloan: So in terms of the first part of your question, no, we’re looking for signs of really being in the late cycle. I think we’ve been all assuming and we’ve -- I think we’ve had this conversation now for the last four years that we’ve been right in the cycle. And that hasn’t changed. But we’re really not seeing any significant evidence of significant increase in delinquencies, an increase in criticized classified. You saw non-performing numbers continue to go down, you know our commercial and residential real estate continues to be in a net recovery position.
Tim Sloan: Exactly right. But having said that, I think one of the hallmarks of the risk management of this company is that we are very disciplined in terms of how we make credit risk decisions, period. We’re not going to do anything that’s going to put this company at risk regardless of where we think we are in the cycle. It means that we sometimes, we miss some of the highs, but we’re absolutely there for the lows, for our customers just like in the quarter when the capital markets seized up, we were there providing credit to all of our customers that needed it. I don’t have the total exposure to the utility industry that we have, clearly there’s an idiosyncratic event that’s going on with one of our customers PG&E, because of the horrific fires that occurred in Northern California in the last year. But that, that exposure is absolutely manageable for the company. I mean, don’t forget we’ve got a $950 billion loan portfolio and anyone credit is not going to drive the results of the company.
Tim Sloan: Yes, Matt, the big question mark is mortgage. And it’s about capacity, and the size of the market. We’ve seen ups and downs in the mortgage business for the decades that we’ve been a leader in it. We’ll get through this. There’s no question about it. But I just want to re-emphasize John’s point, and that is that we have got to operate that business and I think Michael DeVito and Mary Mack are doing a great job in doing that. We’ve got to operate that business for the environment we’re in. So given the environment we’re in, as John mentioned in his comments, we’ve got to continue to grow our share with our customer base by providing better service, which their folks are really focused on. And then by reducing costs period, right. And, and we believe, we’re going to make progress in that environment. But again, as it relates to gain on sale margins, that’s really going to be a function of capacity in the market.
Tim Sloan: Well I think it would go beyond just CCAR. Gerard, I mean, I think, I think the entire regulatory environment post the great recession has fundamentally changed the quality of assets on the balance sheets of the entire industry. I’d love to tell you it’s idiosyncratic to Wells Fargo, which by the way I still think it is. But in addition to that, I think the balance sheets of the banks today are stronger than they’ve ever been. Not just only as it relates to credit, but certainly as it relates to liquidity. And there’s no question that we take into consideration the new regulatory environment we are in, the rules, the regulations, whether it’s CCAR or not in terms of how we think about operating the company, but in terms of how we fundamentally manage credit it really hasn’t impacted how we fundamentally manage credit, which is in a very disciplined way. But overall, there’s no question it has.
Tim Sloan: I think the short answer is yes, but it's to your point, it really is a function of which business that you're referring to. So for example the bread and butter middle market and a commercial banking business that we’re a leader in, we saw some nice growth in the quarter which we highlighted the small business loan growth year-over-year, it was in the mid-teens…
Tim Sloan: Originations, I’m sorry. Good point. Originations. I think -- now to some extent that’s a bit idiosyncratic to us just because we’re seeing an improvement in referrals from the branches based upon all the work that we’ve done with the team there. But again that’s, I think that’s indicative that was pretty strong. Having said that, as John pointed out, we saw some seasonality in our equipment finance business. We saw some seasonality in the businesses where we finance dealers or retailers in the growth in the expectation of what’s going to happen over the holidays and alike. But, but I would say overall, we’re seeing steady growth in the areas that you’re referring to.
Tim Sloan: It’s still competitive out there. I mean there’s no question about that. I think that it’s most competitive when you have a transaction size in which you have not only a large bank competing, you have a medium sized -- bank competing and you have a small bank and then throw in a non-bank just for docs and all of a sudden it can be pretty competitive. I think in particular it’s very competitive where any of us are trying to work to maintain a long term relationship. So I wouldn’t say that the dislocation that occurred in the fourth quarter while it increased volume a bid for our large corporate customers it didn’t necessarily have a big impact on pricing.
Tim Sloan: Yes. And so importantly my comments were hopeful not real not being realized. We would expect if capacity comes out of the system because smaller players are less efficient players are not making any money then there would be a I’m not sure if it’s a return to what gains used to be that people in the industry that seem to believe that thinks you know snap back to some equilibrium level over and over again but this could be different. We haven’t seen actual capacity come out we’ve heard lots of stories about people who are closer to capitulating, but it hasn't seemed to happen. And so we’re as we said we’re focusing on the customer experience focusing on taking cost out and trying to figure out how to make an attractive return in the environment that we’re in. And then to the extent that the future unfolds the way I just described and that would be a upsized, but we’re not there yet.
Tim Sloan: Well, a big driver of those results is it going to be – what’s the cause of the downturn, right. And how deep a downturn we might experience. So some of it’s a little bit beyond our control, but I sure would agree with John when you look at the quality of our loan portfolio today versus where we are five years ago and 10 years ago, it's markedly better.
Tim Sloan: And Vivek, the other point I would make on that portfolio are a couple of other points. One, the under -- that their the exposure that we have is in industries that we’re comfortable with. So we’ve got experience, that’s number one. Number two to emphasize John’s point, we’ve got approval rights going in to the facilities and then kick out rights in many of the facilities on the way out if there’s an underlying loan that we’re concerned about. So, we look very comfortable with the underlying risk in that portfolio.
Tim Sloan: Yes. It worked with less than flat revenue but the point that we made in that presentation was don’t assume any revenue growth, we don’t require you to assume any revenue growth because we would have just turned to focusing on that. So it works with revenue at a lower level than 2017 revenue which was the -- what was on the slide for the basis of that discussion.
Tim Sloan: Great. Hey, I want to thank all of you for spending time with us today. And I also want to thank our team members as I mentioned at the beginning of my remarks, there’s been a tremendous amount of hard work and effort to achieve not only the financial results, but from a long term standpoint the fundamental transformation that’s going on at the company. So I want to thank them and also want to thank you for your time and your interest in the company. Have a great rest of the day.
John Shrewsberry: And if there are specific areas of the business that because of something that’s happening more broadly, are not living up to expectations that we would we would focus in on that and take the appropriate action to make sure that we were right sized for what the medium to long term opportunity is. But, there is a -- as you’ll appreciate there is a list of literally hundreds of items that are underway to deliver the results that were, that were promising, and people are working hard to deliver that. Everything should be on the table. But there’s -- there’s a lot to do just to deliver against what we’ve promised. If as you described there is a certain business or a certain area, a certain sector of our business that’s incrementally underperforming because of something is different in 2019 and 2020 than what we anticipated, and then we would take the appropriate action.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, so Fed on pause if it’s true is part of it. I think every dealer I’ve looked at, has two rate increases built into their forecasts for 2019. So we’ll see whether that happens or not. But, just as important from my perspective is what happened to the long end of the curve, because it’s come rallying back down, and that is critical, just because of the magnitude of our collective investment portfolios and reinvestment requirements that will make a difference. What happens with deposit flows will matter, what happens especially in the retail space with deposit pricing among larger banks, which as we’ve pointed out has sort of outperformed historical benchmarks. And then what the appetite is for loan growth. We saw great loan growth in the fourth quarter some of that I think was either seasonal or reflecting what was going on in markets in the fourth quarter, which caused people to turn to their banks even more than they otherwise would have. But if we have -- if we have strongest loan growth that will be supportive, but if deposit prices start on the retail side start picking up, then that will -- that will run in the other direction. So I think we’ll be, we’ll be thrilled to see some, some measurable or even meaningful interest rate interest income growth in 2019. But a lot has to happen for that to work out.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So we’re still – we’re still in the middle of our – we’ve actually taken some actions to remain in the middle of our -- of our forecast and guidance for interest rate sensitivity. And to the extent that there are no hikes, in my mind the big question is, well what happens with the catch up from prior hikes and deposit costs? So if we -- if the market -- if big banks in particular, but if the market starts edging up what they’re paying for deposits with Fed funds not moving, with new assets not repricing up at the same time. Then that would have a compressing outcome. We haven’t seen as much of that, but there was a belief that we were going to keep on this trajectory for a little bit longer in terms of rate hikes. I’ll be interested to see what where things settle out. If the Fed funds target is not moving. And then as you say, loan growth will be a part of it in what’s happening. If the absence of hikes is a reflection of things slowing down, then you might expect to see that in a loan growth as well although we didn’t see it in the fourth quarter. And then as I mentioned to Erika don’t just kind of the importance of what’s going on with loan rates, because the curve has been flattening well, short rates have been coming up especially in the fourth quarter when we -- when we came crashing down well below 3%, and that really contributes on all of this incremental liquidity that keeps getting reinvested. If it’s getting reinvested, 50 basis points below where it might have been, or where you might have thought it was, at the beginning of December, then that has an impact also. But we’re still asset sensitive. An increase in the Fed funds target would have a predictable upward impact. The absence of it worried a little bit, but again, it depends on then what happens with deposit pricing.
John Shrewsberry: I think we can. But it’s the puts and takes as the things that as mentioned are all going to bear on that. I agree. We suffered a little bit of an interest income in 2018 by selling higher yielding assets, as part of this migration to higher credit quality profile overall. And so, there’s some amount of that excess or extra interest income that is in 2018. It’s a tough comp over 2017 and will be less of a -- we won’t be comping over that in 2019. But, but I think, it has more to do with what happens with the general level of asset credit of loan growth and what happens to deposit pricing.
John Shrewsberry: Yes actually, there’s been a couple of opportunities over the last year as CECL’s been coming into clearer focus as well as the what the stress capital buffer will mean when it’s fully implemented. And it’s caused us to say that the 10% which is our -- which is our current stated target probably has a bias slightly to the upside when those two things are fully understood especially in the stressed context. You know sort of CECL and business as usual and then there’s the impact of CECL and stress testing which is not fully understood yet. But it’s our – it’s our guess that before we get to 10% there’s a likelihood that we readjust that target to be slightly higher than 10%. I’m not sure if that’s 10.25, or 10.375 [ph] or whatever the right number is. But, we’ll know more as stress capital buffer is really finally understood. And as CECL on its own, and CECL in stress are fully understood. At the moment in business as usual, the impact of CECL would not require any massive reallocation of our capital, it may cause us to think a little bit differently about loan structures or loan pricing for certain types of particularly longer dated things, and maybe even more particularly on the consumer side. But, but from a capital allocation process, outside of its impact and stress, which is not yet fully understood, it’s hard to be more specific than that.
John Shrewsberry: I’d be cautious about that. We mentioned when we had our capital plan not objected to that we were intentionally front end loading our share buybacks or more of it would happen in the first two quarters, which were Q3 and Q4 of 2018, and less of it would happen in the second two quarters, which is Q1 and Q2 of 2019 just to get the share count down, now that now because of what’s happened to the market, to banks etcetera, our shares are even more attractive today. But there isn’t the capacity under our capital plan in Q1 and Q2 to take the countdown or to deploy the amount of capital that we were deploying in Q3 and Q4. That will be -- as I mentioned in my remarks we’re now in the process of thinking about what our 2019 capital plan will be. And to the extent that that RWA growth rates are relatively constrained, we’re predicting ample levels of organic capital generation etcetera, it’s likely but it’s not unlikely that our capital plan for next year looks something like what it did last year. And so if we roll the tape forward, you might anticipate something like that. All other things being equal subject and not objection etcetera to get ahead of myself.
John Shrewsberry: So I do some of it was investment grade companies choosing not to pay up in the bond market and turning to the banks and using facilities, those I would assume would abate over a period of time, as high grade markets open up and people have easy and inexpensive access. Some of it’s seasonal. We’ve on the commercial side, we had deal or types of financing where people were building inventory and that will be a seasonal effect on the consumer side. Card tends to have a seasonal run up in the fourth quarter as people borrow for holiday related activities, so that might that might just naturally seasonally roll down. But we’re just moving forward into the first quarter. We’re seeing more interesting M&A activity happening among our clients, than we saw in the fourth quarter. Some of that’s going to lead to interesting on balance sheet financing opportunities for us. And so I wouldn’t consider that to be as transitory as you might imagine.
John Shrewsberry: So there’s a couple of things at work. One is, the actions taken during 2018 that that have a cost takeout happened throughout the course of the year. So the impact to them is felt partially in 2018 and more completely in 2019. Incidentally, the same thing is true in 2019 where we’ve got activity happening every month that contributes to the -- to the forecasted number for 2019 and is a stepping off point for the forecasted number in 2020. And there as I mentioned, hundreds of line items that contribute to that. The countervailing activity is the amount that we’re continuing to invest in compliance risk management technology etcetera, some of which is some of which will create a permanent baseline and some of which is temporarily elevated to the extent that it’s very project oriented or supplemented by people from the outside etcetera. All of those are captured in the full year hard dollar targets. But you can’t you, can’t see the ins and outs of what’s sort of the permanent cost takeout versus what’s the 2018 or 2019 investment that’s being made to build capability where we need it. So, so in our forecast for 2019 you’ll see this, but we see the component pieces of these costs running off being based on actions that were taken previously and the impact of net new capability, new people we mentioned there were 1800 new risk personnel I think Tim mentioned that were added during the course of 2018, but all of those contribute to the, to the target for 2018, the target for 2019 and the target for 2020.
John Shrewsberry: You wouldn’t expect a -- I mean we shouldn’t expect a big, another 10% correction downtick in the market, which drove this particular outcome. On the other hand, you probably wouldn’t expect, we wouldn’t expect a full reversal and a commensurate rally on the other side. So I think it’s harder to imagine it gapping upward, it’s easy to imagine it gapping downwards, but it’ll always – it’s always been an adjustment that we, that we end up talking about, to the extent that it becomes the swing item in the quarter or for the year that we’re pointing to say, but for that we would have hit our target or we won’t, we certainly won’t take credit for what you did, what we all know as a P&L neutral outcome to achieve a goal that is designed to be achieved the hard way, which is by managing expenses.
John Shrewsberry: So as you mentioned and for the reasons you mentioned, I think in service charges, we should be lapping over the periods that where we introduced these customer friendly items. So I would expect that to represent the fact that we’re adding more customers all the time and customers are doing more with us all the time. Same with card fees. I -- just based on the way this year is beginning, I think there’s an opportunity in investment banking. I think the market linked advisory type of revenue on both in wealth and asset management are going to reflect the S&P environment as you said those are market sensitive. Mortgage personnel, of course now we’re because of the seasonality and this low gain on sale environment representing excess capacity will improve either because we do more volume or will and/or will improve because capacity comes out of the system, and we can control to some extent the volume that we do we can’t control the market clearing price for it. But we’re always working hard to gain share. Lease on the income, I would expect to grow because we continue to put more assets on the books and to grow that business. So those are some of the bits and pieces is obviously the other fees, loan charges, cash network fees, wire transfers things like that, that should continue to represent us doing more business with customers.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So I think Perry, at the last Investor Day, had a particular slide that to demonstrate where our -- where we stand in terms of leadership positions in the most leverage LBO transactions in particular which just was to make the point that it’s not really a core business of wholesale banking. It’s a little tricky, because our bread and butter middle market customer often gets tagged under leveraged lending guidance as the leverage loan even though it doesn’t exhibit the same either leverage characteristics or structural or governance or other characteristics of a -- of a sponsor owned LBO borrower. We -- we don’t have huge exposure, but particularly at the end of the year to two most recent LBO financings. We I think it was mentioned, it’s been noteworthy that in the quarter we were on a ranger on -- on one deal that ended up getting hung because it was in the energy sector. We don’t, we don’t have much of a pipeline going into the fourth quarter for that. We don’t consider it to be. It wasn’t a contributor to loan growth in the fourth quarter and it’s not a, it’s not a core activity. So that’s how I would describe it.
John Shrewsberry: I would -- I would be specific, because the leverage lending guidance has changed the behavior of large banks. And frankly, it’s that’s, that’s good for us. It’s brought the industry closer to where we were already operating in. And on the consumer side, if you give credence to the notion that putting low quality mortgages on the books of banks was approximate cause of their of their demise, or at least their credit woes, we’ve seen plenty of examples of that. Those loans don’t exist any longer. And that’s why it’s more Dodd-Frank I would say than it is CCAR. But there’s a complex web of incremental regulation has really strengthened the balance sheets of banks asset quality is better, capital levels are better. Liquidity is better, and the system benefits I think from that without a doubt.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So there’s sort of two, at least two ways. One is, we are a participant in and financing some non banks. This has been a topic of conversation on our calls before, and so thinking about that we did it before. The last crisis, and we’ve done it since, and we’re very cautious about how we how we select customers, how we underwrite the credit that they’re extending and the magnitude of the haircut that we require to protect our own advances. So we were very familiar with what’s going on. We’re also an investor, a CLO triple investor and we’re before the last crisis and have been today. And we think with the way loans are being originated, the way those deals are structured, and our understanding and stressing of them that that’s good, that’s good risk return for Wells Fargo. With respect to the impact that it has on customers, we don’t have as customers a lot of middle market LBO candidates. We do have sponsors as customers and other asset managers, and as it relates to our core, the core wholesale middle market customer they tend not to be a borrower of those other, those other entities. And so I think that our, as Tim said, our willingness to stand ready to lend directly to people with whom we have a relationship that we understand, when to use other sources of liquidity, go away be something that we’re probably taking advantage of in the event that we hit the end of the cycle. This was certainly true 10 years ago, and it might look similar this time.
John Shrewsberry: There’s some piece of it is probably unsalable. But if market conditions persist, it’s my -- my sense is that will probably continue to do a little bit more. It’s opportunistic, it’s discretionary, it doesn’t have to happen, but those are loans with loan structures and even borrowers who are a click riskier than the loans that we’re making today in the ordinary course. And when this cycle does end, those are the loans that are probably going to have a higher default rate, and to the extent that we can find the right, the right buyer for those at prices that makes sense that will de-risk us from an operational risk perspective when that time comes, because there will be more will be more defaults.
John Shrewsberry: Not so much. I mean what we’re seeing from portfolios of NEP and NVP is still that it is a better time to be a seller than an investor notwithstanding. I don’t think there’s that many and certainly not on NVP and not even that many deals on any NEP side where things are getting sold to people who require high yield financing in order to make it work know like another sponsor for example it’s more often that they're selling something to a strategic who’s got their other sources of financing. So I think that the -- if we continue in this elevated level of asset prices generally with scarcity of interesting assets and then you know not to over promise. But I -- my sense is that we'll still be a realizer of gains throughout the course of 2019.
John Shrewsberry: Well that’s an excellent question, but the jump -- the stepping off point is the some of the stories in each of the lines and we really don’t sort of wrap that up and put a single growth rate on it because there’s so many things that are driven by different forces, whether it’s, as you said the S&P in the case of certain fee income lines, what’s going on, in the mortgage market, what are competitive positioning is? What the growth rate of customer growth is? Account growth is? All of those things matter. For some of the reasons we describe the valuation adjustment to the MSR and then the deferred comp hedging program I guess, I would say that those are unlikely to recur in that way as we roll forward. And then I would adjust as for what’s happened in the S&P just as a proxy for the line items that are keyed on that not some of those have repriced right through the fourth quarter and some as I mentioned reprice after the fourth quarter and so the impact of what happened in the fourth quarter will be felt until the first quarter there. And then its reasonable people will take different approaches to the trending of other things that just represents sort of the ongoing everyday accumulation of millions and millions of transactions etcetera or interactions with customers. And I think we’ll arrive at a slightly different starting off point. Definitely committed to working on each individual line and the drivers of it to be as growth oriented and frankly even expense oriented as we can and contributing to it, but there is no elegant way to just put a number.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So it’s -- it is the number that we have out there from our last Investor Day and we’d probably update it again at our next Investor Day. So in the meantime, I think that’s good guidance. As we’ve described in a couple of areas, at the margin that many of the things that we’ve done in the last year have increased the average credit quality not that averages account for everything but have increased credit quality on the balance sheet, both in commercial and in consumer. We’ve been operating in this 25 to 30 basis point range now for a while in terms of losses some of that is influenced by the fact that we have line items that have been in net recovery and so they don’t really reflect what's going on with the loans – today’s loans that are getting charged off. So if you zeroed out net recovery, you probably end up a few basis points higher than the recent run rate. So I would stick with the guidance that we gave. Unfortunately also, we never actually through the cycle, right. We’re either better than the average or we’re worse than the average and we’re either building maybe especially under seasonal building, building, building. And so our results will reflect that even if the charge offs are measured a little bit differently. But I do think the next time that we update that guidance based on what that mix is in our portfolio and what the risk rating is in each of the categories, my sense is we’re its safer overall portfolio than it was the last time we measured it and it’s not unlikely that we’d reflect that in the average, which we haven’t updated it since last Investor Day.
John Shrewsberry: It’s a good question. So there’s a variety of different underlying loans in those books of business, there’s consumer, there’s commercial, there’s secured, there’s unsecured, and each of them are structured to reflect what we think the lost content is of the underlying portfolio. So I want to – I’m estimating though, I haven’t looked that at all, but on average it would be call it 30% to 40% in terms of a haircut, and on average the credit quality of that portfolio would correspond to a to a single A or single A minus, our exposure. So it’s -- the loans there on their probability of default and loss given default terms are substantially higher credit quality than the average loan on our books overall. They do tend to be a little bit bigger and does a little bit more concentrated there, they’re actively managed because there are loans going in and loans coming out etcetera, but as a result we’ve taken these extra precautions. And that’s how they would pencil out from an agency equivalency point of view.
John Shrewsberry: Well, we’re still working toward 15 and 17, I’m more of an ROE guy than a ROTCE guy, but they work together. The combination of the range of revenue expectations that we have the specific expense guidance that we’ve given, and the capital plan, last year’s capital plan that we’ve enacted and our expectation for the next capital plan etcetera, and where we where we might be, we’ve had to put an estimate in that process for where we’d be in credit at the time because I think we estimated it would be somewhat more normal than the better than normal environment we’ve been in for the last couple of years, all work together to drive to that outcome and we’re continuing to drive to that outcome.
