John Shrewsberry: Yes. So I would use $17 billion as outstandings for energy loans. And for securities, call it $2.5 billion which is the sum of AFS securities and nonmarketable securities.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. I would -- of the $17 billion -- actually the first cut I would give you is upstream, midstream services, because I think that's germane. And I'd tell you that's about one-half upstream and one quarter services and one quarter midstream. And I think for that cut, we've separated out our investment grade component. So that what we're focused on are really the -- call it the BB and down, middle market, private clients.
John Shrewsberry: Well, we're focused on the whole thing. Half of those customers -- one-half of those balances represent E&P companies, upstream companies. One quarter of them represent oilfield services companies and one quarter of them represent pipelines and storage and other midstream activity. And it excludes, what I would describe as investment grade -- diversified, the larger cap companies where we don't view their credit exposure as quite the same.
John Shrewsberry: Well, I mean, our outlook for housing in 2016 is actually pretty strong. We've got a little bit more supply coming in. You've got more household formation. We're going to have a four handle on unemployment before you know it and we've got low rates. So if that continues to be true, that's probably a continued tailwind, in terms of some of the drivers of the estimation of embedded loss on the consumer real estate side of the loan portfolio. And without putting a number on it, because you only know it when you get there, I think that's supportive.
John Shrewsberry: Over 90% of nonperforming oil and gas loans are performing. All of the other ones are performing. In terms of rate of change, when we think about the allowance that we have today, frankly, we could imagine prices not improving from where they are today. And so, the rate of change of how loans actually move to loss, reflects a lot of things and it's not just price. And we just described for Matt, the distribution of upstream, midstream services and each of them behave differently. We've got customers that are oil or gas heavy, depending on what their business model. It looks a little bit different, basin by basin around the country and by method of extraction as well. So there's a lot more to what losses are going to look like in 2016 than just the spot price or the expected near forward price of crude. Having said that, we've sensitized it such that we're sitting here at -- in the $30 area a year from now and believe that our allowance accurately or appropriately reflects the loss content that we may have.
John Shrewsberry: That's correct. We're using the idiosyncratic, customer by customer circumstances, including the things that I mentioned. And their individual leverage activity, what's going on customer by customer.
John Shrewsberry: We think it's appropriate for the risk that we have embedded in the portfolio, the prices that we're living with today and can imagine into the future and as I've said, the sum of the circumstances of each one of our borrowers. And when you add it up, it's a little -- it would appear to be a little bit heavier than some of the others who have reported.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. So criticized assets today or at the end of the quarter in that portfolio are about 38% of outstandings. And there isn't a simple way to dimension what the change would be in losses, based on some other future price income. As I mentioned to Betsy, we're sensitizing our portfolio based on a continuation of very, very, very low oil prices, the context of where we're today, rather than an upward sloping curve, in addition to scenarios that include an upward sloping curve and we're comfortable with the amount of coverage that we have today. That's how I'd think about it.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So we've got a one hike, two hike, three hike and four hike scenario that we're operating with, because like you, we can't say for sure what's going to happen. We've done a -- we worked very hard to produce the type of net interest income growth that we have in a no hike environment for the last several years. So we'll see what the future holds, because it feels a little bit different every day. But if we got three or four hikes, could we end up in mid to high single-digit percentage growth rates for net interest income? That math would pencil out. But it's going to be a function of organic loan growth, closing on our GE portfolios that we've been talking about and then the number of hikes that come and when they come.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, well, it begins to expand. Another way of thinking about it is, I wouldn't expect it to begin to expand, until continued hikes begin to layer in. Particularly as we've said, while we're -- we've pre-funded a little bit of debt, so that we're in a great position to close on these assets that we're acquiring. So that's a little bit of a margin headwind. That has to -- those loans have to hit the books, so that that burns off. And then, we need to have -- first, a 25 basis point move, while important and symbolic, doesn't really do much. Even though we've been very slow to react or appropriately slow to react, in terms of our own deposit pricing activity, it's the subsequent ones that would have a meaningful impact on margin. And having said all that, what we're really focused on is growing dollars of net interest income and the balance sheet structural issues, as we have rapid deposit growth or funding activity, etcetera, have an impact on the margin, but it's about dollars for us.
John Shrewsberry: So in terms of puts and takes and 2015 versus 2016, we're still in an elevated time for what I would describe as compliance risk management, technology including cyber-related spend. We're still in an elevated time of product development and sort of offensive related spend. And so, I think that that's part of what guides us to this higher end for the time being. One notable difference in 2016 versus 2015, I'm not sure if anybody else has focused on this in their calls, but we also have this new incremental FDIC insurance surcharge, every bank over $10 billion in assets. And that's worth $480 million pre-tax to Wells Fargo for its partial year impact in 2016. So we're all going to have something like that for the next year or two, while that works its way through. So I would think about that. And that begins I think in Q2 of 2016. And then, if it's enacted in its current form which it's anticipated to be. So if we have two or three moves in 2016 by the Fed and if they happen ratably throughout the course of the year, that incremental revenue will have a beneficial impact on efficiency ratio. But it -- I don't know that it drives us below the middle of the range. So I think the range is still appropriate. We'll probably focus more on that and the other targets that we give you in our May Investor Day. There's a little bit of time between now and then to really set the course for the next couple of years, that reflect the environment, that reflect the balance sheet structure that we have, that reflect our expense profile. But I still feel like it's appropriate to think about the higher end of the range, so the 57% to 59% for this year, unless it rates really, really begin to move which seems hard to imagine sitting here at this moment.
John Shrewsberry: It's certainly possible. We haven't gotten those instructions for that specific scenario analysis yet. Separately, it won't surprise you that we're very transparent, spend a lot of time talking with the regulatory community about what's going on in energy. They are fully aware of how our portfolio works. But as you mentioned, at the beginning of that statement, it's important to remember that we're talking about 2% of a $920 billion loan portfolio. So they know that. We know that and the math benefits from that.
John Shrewsberry: So it depends. I mean, our wholesale teams -- and there are -- each of the different customer segment relationship teams provides a different set of insight onto what their competitive set is doing. There are some banks who I think, sounds like anyway, are being a little quicker to raise deposit rates. And in the wholesale space, there we're competing on -- we're competing on service, we're competing on product. We're competing on a lot of things. And at the margin, there's also the impact of price for certain balances. Some deposits are worth more than others, from a liquidity point of view. Some relationships are worth more than others. And I'd say we're very in tune with what we think we need to do to maintain relationships and to reward customers where we have a big relationship and a lot going on.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. And one observation that I would have -- and this is very early days in this -- is that some of the feedback I've seen are the -- that the customers who seem to be the most price-sensitive on the deposits are the customers whose deposits have the lowest liquidity value to Wells Fargo. So sometimes, it's easy to see those go.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. Well, we certainly hope that it does. And I'd say, that in Vendor in particular -- I think we mentioned this one we announced the deal. But as you described GE has this great business, that's close to the OEMs that helps them finance their sales to their customers. Now from a Wells Fargo perspective, most of those OEMs are already customers of Wells Fargo in one way or another and most of their customers are already -- or many of their customers are already customers of Wells Fargo in one way or another. So it's a way for us to really enrich the relationship, get closer to the manufacturer. And in some cases, expand a program that we may already have been a smaller player in and in other -- in many other cases, to create a program or to step into a program that is working well. But I'd say overall, customer reception has been great, as our leaders have reached out and traveled around with our new GE teammates and talked to the customers of the GE businesses. I don't think customer retention has not surfaced as an issue. It's just a question of how quickly and how well we can expand the product penetration, given all that Wells Fargo has to offer a wholesale customer in each of those instances.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. I mean, it's made a little bit more complicated by what's going on -- in these couple of weeks, in terms of just with respect to the impact of asset-based fund or fee type arrangements. So it's hard to ballpark at the moment. But we have good, strong growth of inflows of both accounts and account assets. And if we were in a more normalized S&P environment, then we'd be talking about the continuity of call it, the single-digit percentage growth that has been working for us for the last few years. But when you overlay this market instability, it depends, A, on what levels we end up at, because that'll influence what we're multiplying times a fee schedule. And, B, we customers do, whether customers are -- stay invested, get more invested or back away as volatility increases. I think it's David's expectation to continue to grow the business by adding new customers, to encourage customers to stay invested, if that's appropriate for where they are in their investing life cycle, to use these as entry points for people who have more money to put to work and longer term goals. So it's going to come and go, move a little bit as equity markets move up and down. But I think what we're talking about in revenue terms, even with the type of pullback that we've had in the first quarter is call it, hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of net income sensitivity, if we weren't to recover from here and if we didn't have meaningful new customer -- new client growth over the course of the year, so.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So I think the MBA is calling for a $1.5 trillion or $1.6 trillion, down to $1.4 trillion mortgage market in 2016 versus 2015 and our folks seem to be in sync with that. In terms of servicing retrenching, it's -- we'll get to a more normalized level of defaulted loan workout activity over the course of the next couple of years, as that -- the full crisis era inventory works it's way off. And then, we'll find out what the stabilized run rate is for productivity, for how many people it takes to service a portfolio of our size that's behaving more normally. And so, there is incremental benefit to take out but we're not in a hurry to do it. It's more important about the loans are serviced properly and customers are dealt with in a way that they require. But so, there's some upside there. And unreimbursed servicing costs, I'd say are -- as we look out, they start to improve quarter by quarter, over the course of the next several. So that's one benefit. But we'll see. But in terms of the market overall, we're very, very big in conforming with Fannie and Freddie and there's more to do there. We think of it more as more of a purchase market as we go forward, especially if rates increase, although they're going the other way right now. And as I mentioned a little bit earlier, some of the early indicators for purchase activity look really good, more jobs, more available housing to buy and more people moving into prime first-time home buyer and second-time homebuyer age cohorts. Those are all very supportive and so--
John Shrewsberry: Current on interest is what I said. Yes. So in terms of pullback and credit availability, I would expand the description to say, not just bank credit, but capital markets were actually, as you know, were quite open for energy companies very early in this. And that has gone away. My understanding is that smaller banks, regional banks, have only recently begun to really pull back from a willingness to provide credit. Maybe it's this incremental leg down to where we're on crude prices that has people generally believing that this could be where we're for a longer time. I wouldn't say that there is a tremendous demand for incremental credit right now. It's more about how quickly you're asking or requiring your customers to come into conformance under their borrowing base. What you're doing with their excess cash, what they're doing with their CapEx program. And I'd say, we're all being as appropriately tough, to make sure that we protect the interests of the bank. We're very -- we're working with each customer to help them work through this. It doesn't do us any good to accelerate an issue or two, to end up as the holder of a number of oil leases as a bank. And so, that dictates some of the cadence. Services companies I think are different than E&P companies, because for some of them it's really not about a $5 band of oil prices or a $10 band of oil prices. They're either in business or they're not in business. And if they're not in business, you have got to figure out how to maximize the recovery as quickly as possible, because some of their inventory which is security for the loan may be very single-purpose. And I'd say that's a little bit of a different workout. I don't know if that's helpful, but that's how we're seeing it.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So we spent a lot of time preparing ourselves for it technology-wise, data management-wise, so that we could flip a switch and collect the right data and have the right disclosures, etcetera. We've not seen a meaningful impact to our results in our retail channel or from our work with correspondents. There are probably some lower volume programs that we or others would have deemphasized, while we emphasize preparing ourselves for the new requirements in our bigger programs. So as those -- or as those have come online, etcetera, maybe we see a little bit of a snapback, but you wouldn't even notice that in the numbers. So for the most part, the impact I'd say, has been immaterial.
John Shrewsberry: Well, you have to seasonally adjust that analysis, but I think it's our take that it didn't really interrupt it.
John Shrewsberry: It's the latter. It's refining the estimate of the expenses that we're going to consume to properly transition all the team members, to do data work around the customers, etcetera. Although it's just important to say, the big emphasis here is on the lifetime relationship we're going to have these customers. I know that it's important to you guys to get what the first few months mean, but we're much more concerned on an orderly transition and a nice integration and a good feeling for both customers and team members. And that's expensive.
John Shrewsberry: So the estimate is still the same. We did do a little bit in the fourth quarter, $6 billion to $7 billion I think in the fourth quarter of what would be TLAC eligible. This is a little bit of a subtlety, but now that the NPR is out and while the NPR is out, there is a little ambiguity about what's eligible and what's not. And so, that will slowdown issuance during the NPR period, so that none of us issue something that turns out not to be either conforming or grandfathered. So it'll be slow here for a quarter or two probably, but it's our goal to get our full requirement, whatever it ultimately is in place with plenty of room before the actual -- the final phase-in date of 1/1/2022. So we will update folks as we go along, to let them know where we're on that journey and what the impact is.
John Shrewsberry: So I think it's going on -- as David would describe it, as planned, in terms of number of people who have or will be joining Wells Fargo. I don't think they've actually disclosed a hard number on that, but it's a good outcome. And I assume it'll take one to two quarters after people join for them begin to migrate their customer accounts over to Wells Fargo. That's probably more of a second half impact. And, frankly, even with the maximum number of people, the total people that were originally referred to in that arrangement that we had with Credit Suisse, what it looks like is three, four or five months' worth of organic financial advisor recruitment. It's not a huge game-changer in terms of the numbers. It's great. We've got the exact right people for our platform. They add a lot of capability. They have a lot of great customer relationships that we're excited to have. But I would think of that more as a modest acceleration of what would have been organic activity, rather than a game-changing activity in this segment.
John Shrewsberry: So my observation would be, for certainly for folks who are selling into the energy extraction or processing businesses, it's been a tough year and will continue to be. And I'd be surprised if those orders were only down 25%. But I think more broadly, at least as it reveals itself in our own customer activity, people who are more reliant on exports have been -- were hit early and hit hard by how strong the dollar has become over the course of the last couple of years. And but more broadly, it's as John described, right? It's not robust. People aren't super enthusiastic. But you've seen the growth in our commercial loan portfolios which reflects people doing business. And some -- a lot of that is us taking business from other people, but in a significant portion of those cases, that's folks borrowing money to do things, to buy things. And it doesn't feel like a manufacturing recession to me. Although, I'm sensitive to manufacturers who ship everything overseas and who are trying to sell it in dollars, because that's a more expensive proposition.
John Shrewsberry: So the bigger categories would be deposit service charges which are both consumer and commercial. And I would say there's a nice trajectory there and we were impacted in a way that call it, in the immediate post-merger time frame where things were cut back and then growing. And they have been growing nicely and continue to, both by adding new customers and adding new capability. So that's a strength and something that will continue to grow. Card fees, the big emphasis there, both debit and credit and are moving down the path to really grow our credit card business I think will help there. In the wealth and investment management business, as we've talked about, a big portion of it will be a function of what happens with equity markets. But we're growing the customer base. We're growing assets under management and that may be more volatile, given what's going on with the S&P, but that certainly a source of growth over any reasonable time frame. Those categories are our bread-and-butter, fundamental banking activity that we feel really good about. At the margin, we also have as we've mentioned, this step down to a more normalized level of equity gains. That's something that has to be grown through, in your analysis, the mortgage market as we've said, even if we're doing more, if that market isn't growing much, then we'll be impacted one way or the other by that. So it's our goal to work to grow the aggregation of those line items in the way that you're describing. But each of them has their own character. That diversification has worked for us over the past several years as you mentioned. But there is a lot to do to grow them.
John Shrewsberry: Not material. No. There is a little bit in a business that we call energy capital, but in the context of the numbers that we've been talking about, it's not material.
John Shrewsberry: The math works out to 7% on that allocation, but I'd point out that we have a $12 billion allowance for loan losses, all of which is available for losses wherever they occur in the portfolio, but yes. Our own internal allocation of what's applied to that portfolio would get you to 7%.
John Shrewsberry: As I mentioned, everyone of these portfolios is different, based on who their customers are, what their business mix looks like, what basins, what extraction method, what their corporate leverage looks like. So it's hard to compare. I do agree that 7% is winning though, in terms of the reported numbers.
John Shrewsberry: One thing I would add is, certainly plenty of opportunity for a market-related contagion when one industry is suffering and other industries are starting -- are trying to borrow. But in this instance, cheap oil is a net stimulative impact on U.S. growth. A WorldCom fraud was not beneficial for everybody else in the U.S. Telecom didn't get cheaper. But fuel has gotten cheaper which is good for consumers and good for other--
John Shrewsberry: So it depends on the existing and changing distribution between one-month, three-month LIBOR-based loans, prime-based loans, fixed loans, LIBOR loans that we swap to fixed rate and there's a lot that goes into it. So it's hard to isolate it. I'd say that, when we think back to the way that we separated our interest rate sensitive categories for illustrative purposes at the last Investor Day, we would have said that 20%ish and this is both asset and liability side, so it's a different answer than what you're asking -- but that we would've gotten, call it 20% of a change flowing through and the range was 10% to 30%. And I think we're probably at the low end of that range right now, but that's picking up both assets and liabilities. I can tell you also that LIBOR resets seem to have occurred the way we would've expected them after the Fed moved in December. So the asset side is behaving as we expected and a 25 basis point move is not a giant needle mover, in terms of dollars and cents for Wells Fargo. On a net basis, you're talking about $100 million to $200 million a quarter or something like that. So all things being equal which they never are, but that's the order of magnitude.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So I wouldn't describe anything as a disruption. There is sort of two ways that on the sell side that we might be impacted. One is, how do net long credit are we in our trading businesses? And I think we managed that really, really well and it wasn't really disruptive. And then, are the markets open and are we representing clients and helping them raise money in the high yield market? And that's been harder to do, given the volatility that we've seen. Our share is still about the same. We're between 4% and 5% of U.S. investment banking fees. That's capital markets activity, advisory activity, etcetera, but it didn't have a big impact. We were up in the fourth quarter over the third quarter in investment banking fees overall which you'd expect. The fourth quarter is seasonally, usually a busier time, M&A activity, etcetera, but no disruption.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. So criticized oil and gas assets -- I can tell you what they -- how they changed year-over-year. They're at, call it $6.6 billion at the end of the quarter, up $5.5 billion from -- so substantially, all migrated during the course of 2015. And in terms of second lien, it's a small number. We have a small business called Energy Capital that does some -- they're deeper in the capital stack investing and in our clients and in their properties. And I want to say the total portfolio is in the hundreds of millions of dollars. So it's modest.
John Shrewsberry: So we have an ongoing analysis to look at it -- this is a related, but indirect response to that question. We have an ongoing analysis of all of the MSAs where we've got more than 5% -- well, there's two versions of it, so the 3% to 5% and then greater 5% employment in the energy industry and we're looking at all of our consumer and commercial exposures in those geographical areas to measure impact and to think about how we lend money, A, what our balance sheet exposure is and, B, what our new origination exposure looks like. And it might surprise you that places like Houston, because of their relative diversity of their overall economy are actually performing relatively stronger than some counties that represent other basins in the Dakotas, in the West, etcetera. But we really haven't seen any second order big impact yet among any of them, in terms of our balance sheet exposure and we're on the lookout. The entire credit organization here is focused on how that might change, but it really hasn't yet. And then, as John mentioned earlier, for most of our customers, 98% of our loans and most of our retail consumer customers and our wholesale customers, lower fuel costs mean lower transportation costs, mean lower heating costs, mean lower power costs. It's not bad for their business. They're impacted if their customers are employed in the business. They're impacted if they're selling into the business. But it's got a net stimulative effect. And so, we haven't seen a big spillover yet.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So we'll probably talk about this in some depth at our Investor Day and there are a couple important things and one of them is the mix of the assets on our balance sheet today, compared to where it used to be. So, home equity is sort of a going away business, because we've got a portfolio that's been shrinking for a long time. It's been improving in performance and it just is not being added for a variety of reasons on a net basis and that's unlikely to change. That was a big source of our absolute dollars of loss in the weighted average charge-off rate through the -- leading up to and through the crisis. When you think about the residential real estate portfolio here, what we're adding is all high-grade -- it's prime jumbo origination. They are very safe loans. I think we've got 4 basis points of loss, something like that coming through that portfolio. It feels very good. And while I'm sure it'll change a little bit over time, it's not going to behave like balance sheet first mortgage loans did pre-crisis, because there was just a different appetite for the types of loans that banks might hold. So I think that's important. Also the percentage of our portfolio and card business, we're trying to grow the credit card business. We like it a lot. It's obviously got a much more volatile charge-off profile to it, but at $30 billion, $40 billion or even $50 billion worth of assets at Wells Fargo, it's going to have -- if you are comparing us against other banks for example, that's going to have an impact. And I think those are a couple of the -- that contribution to mix is something that you need to have a sense for. And I think what you'll hear from us when we revisit this at Investor Day, is that our current expectation for our normalized through the cycle loss rate will be lower than the last time that we talked about it. But probably higher than 33 basis points, but lower than the 75 or whatever we signaled to you two years ago.
John Stumpf: And Betsy, just to add, we have some of the most skilled people, 250 or so folks who have been in this industry a long time, have seen changes and we're big time focused on this. But as Matt just asked a few minutes ago, we also should step back and look at the entire portfolio. And when you have 36% of your loans as John mentioned in residential real estate, a small improvements there is huge for this company. All portfolios are important, but I just want to make sure we look at this in perspective.
John Stumpf: And Erika, how we think about expenses around here is, that we're pretty tight-fisted when it comes to making sure that the expenses, the investments we do make have shareholder benefits to them. As John mentioned, defensive, offensive, we're spending a lot of money in compliance, cyber and on the other hand, we're spending also a lot of money on items and issues and things that create convenience for customers, mobile payments and a whole bunch of other things. And we always try to take a long term view. But there's a lot of discussion that takes place about managing expenses and making sure that the investments we're making do have a long term pay off for us.
John Stumpf: We've been through this before. And we try to stay really focused, Bill, on customer and providing them great value. And I think what John is saying and what we're all saying is, there is value to the entire relationship. There is value to the products we have and services and surely deposit pricing is one of those value items. But it's not a standalone item.
John Stumpf: It just adds a week, Paul. It really does. And it turns out to be in many cases, a bit of an inconvenience to a customer. But it's what it is -- but I don't think it's really had an impact.
John Stumpf: So far, Joe, with respect to consumers, they have not spent a lot of their gas savings so far. I think you'll start to spend some more -- and the thing for Wells Fargo is 97% of what we do is in the U.S.. And virtually everything we do in the U.S. is involved in the real economy. And there are pockets of strengths. You think of autos, you think of commercial real estate, you think of residential real estate, parts of ag, some middle market. And I don't -- I'm not going to say it's robust, but we're really happy we're all-in in the U.S.. Let's put it that way.
John Stumpf: Yes. As John mentioned, we're a very diversified company. We lend to all sectors of the economy, farmers, ranchers, 2% of our loans in oil and gas, commercial real estate, middle market. And so, you're going to have some companies because of what they are doing are going to be impacted more than others. And I can surely see where Fastenal, who -- it's a Midwestern company, I know that company, it's a great company -- will have some issues or would be saying the things they're saying. That makes sense to me, given their product mix.
John Stumpf: Actually, Mike, it's a great question. I go back to 1985 or the early 1980s, when I ran the workout group. In fact, I got to see our Denver-based energy business up close at that time. So I -- and then we saw, of course, there has been a couple cycles since that time. And this one is different in a couple of respects. First of all, the economy in the U.S. is more diversified, so the communities in which energy plays a role is more diversified. Not true in every community but and we look at that. Secondly, companies this time around reacted much more quickly. I think in past recessions -- in past corrections, there was more hope and prayer going on, for higher prices or a rebound. And so, they reacted quickly. And I would also say this time around, the way companies finance themselves, there is more private equity and other debt that would be subordinate to the bank debt. So there are differences. And I would say the final thing is, the mismatch between supply and demand at the world level is fairly narrow. So there's about 93 million barrels produced a day and about 92 consumed. So it's a very narrow mismatch and demand seems to still be increasing. So I am not suggesting that's going to make this problem go away anytime soon. The Saudis are pumping like crazy. So are the Russians and of course, with what happened with tight oil here in the U.S., but there are differences. And our people who run this portfolio for us have seen many or most of those cycles. So everyone is different.
John Stumpf: And Mike, I'll give you one other example. I was with a large builder in the Texas market not long ago. And they were talking about the fact that some of what's happening in oil and gas in the field services is making cement more available and workers and so forth that are important to housing. So I'm not suggesting it happens everywhere, everyone's different.
John Stumpf: Sure. So how that works is, we take total product holdings divided by total customers. And we're actually seeing the denominator grow faster now than we've seen it in some time and first-year customers don't have an average of six products. They are more in the four range, so that has a bit of a dilutive impact on that. And also, as you get to the higher value products, the sales cycle or solutions cycle tends to be a bit longer. So this is actually a good problem I think, in that when you're growing net new primary checking accounts by 5.6%, the goal is not necessarily a ratio. The goal is to have long term mutually beneficial relationships with customers where we help them succeed financially. So I'm happy with where we're in that. But thank you for the question. It's a good question.
John Stumpf: And Kevin, I'll make one final comment. Virtually everything we do on the consumer side is prime. I mean, we have some near prime, 10% or so or less in auto and that's a bit of a difference from before. We had a Wells Fargo Financial in the past for example.
John Stumpf: Well, thank you for joining us. I want to thank all of our team members who serve one in three customers across the United States and so much appreciate all they do. Thank you for joining us and we'll see you in 90 days, three months from now. Bye, bye.
