Mike Santomassimo: Yes. John, thanks for the question. So just as you know, and I think it's implicit in what you asked, but the constraint for us on the asset cap is really on the deposit side. And so that's the part where we're actively taking action to make sure we've got the room we need particularly for our retail clients, and we're continuing to do that. On the loan side, we still have -- we're not constrained on growth on the loan side, so we still have plenty of room to continue to grow with our clients.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, sure. Embedded in -- on Slide 16, we've assumed kind of low to mid-single-digit growth when you compare fourth quarter '21 to fourth quarter '22. And so hopefully, we're optimistic that we'll be able to get there and maybe there's certainly some scenarios where it could be -- it could grow faster than that, but that's the assumption that we use there. Embedded in that column too on the chart in the loan growth and other balance sheet stuff is some modest redeployment into the securities portfolio, I'd say modest so sort of single -- kind of mid- to low-single digit sort of increases in the securities portfolio as well. And so, those are the assumptions embedded there. And I think as we look at where the curve is today, we're still being, overall, pretty prudent and patient, but we are in a very kind of small way, beginning to buy some securities in the portfolio.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. No. And Ken, what we're really trying to do is make sure we embed this in the DNA of how we operate the place, and so that's ultimately what's going to be really important for us over the long run. And I think you're seeing that. The portfolio grew from 8 billion to 10 billion in terms of the initiatives that we've either executed on or in the process of executing. And so, I think you're seeing sort of that progress and growth there. So, you can sort of do the math of what we've accomplished so far, what we've identified for this year and what's left for next year. And I continue to believe that we've got more to do that we haven't sort of built into that portfolio yet. And so, the team continues to work on that every day. As you look at our confidence level on the $3.3 billion that we put into the forecast, we feel good. We've got really good line of sight. And I think given what the team was able to do last year, we have confidence that we'll be able to execute on that.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, I think -- Betsy, think of the NSF fees as when you don't pay something into overdraft like a check and you return it, then historically, you would have charged a fee for that returned item. That's an NSF fee. The overdraft fees come into play when you actually pay something in overdraft.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I mean, we've started that shift already as you would imagine, right? And we started -- we stopped offering new -- effectively stopped offering new LIBOR-based loan products in the -- at some point in the fourth quarter. We've probably done, in the wholesale side, maybe including WIM, so take out the consumer mortgage business, we've done something like 4,500 or just under that new facilities based on SOFR, with the large majority -- and obviously, there's different ways to calculate SOFR, the large majority of those are using sort of a daily simple rate. So if SOFR moves, obviously, that will adjust. And so I think we're seeing clients start to get used to it and start to use it. Complementing what we're doing on the wholesale side is we've got -- we've stopped offering LIBOR-based ARMs last year. And so we've got, I don't know, tens of thousands -- a couple of tens of thousands at this point in terms of ARMs on the books using using SOFR there as well. And so I think it's starting to take hold.
Mike Santomassimo: I don't see that having a huge impact on loan growth but maybe we'll be surprised a little bit, but I don't see that happening.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I guess I don't see that happening. I think there are starting to be some CLOs and SOFR, but like I don't see that happen being a big driver.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. No, thanks, Erika. Look, as you can guess, like we're in a bit of a different spot than others, right, given our asset cap. And so, we're already constrained on deposits and so we're pushing away deposits every week now. And so, I don't expect this year to have much of a runoff in deposits. And if we start to see deposit levels going down, we'll stop pushing others off. And so I don't see that going to be a big driver for 2022. As you think about betas and deposit pricing assumptions, it's largely similar to what we saw the last rate cycle. But I would say that over the last three, four, five years, our deposit base has changed quite a bit. If you look at just based on the segments we are in, as a shorthand, where 57% of our deposits are in our consumer and small business banking business today. If you go back a number of years, that was probably closer to 43% or 45%. And so the remixing of sort of our deposits as a result of some of the actions we've had to take will kind of lower the overall beta for the first number of rate hikes. But I think it will look pretty similar to what we saw. And as you can imagine, since we're constrained on growing deposits, we're not going to be the leader on pricing likely as we go over the next number of quarters.
Mike Santomassimo: For sure. And the betas might be similar on the CIB deposits. We just have less of them as a percentage of the overall book, which lowers our overall beta.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, so -- but we'll see. And a lot of that will be driven by what we see in the competitive environment, right? So particularly on those wholesale deposits, but it will have a smaller impact on us than it did in the past, just given the mix.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. And to state the obvious, probably the short end of the curve is most meaningful, right? So when you look at just the whole curve shifting up, something like 2/3 of the benefit ends up being on the short end. And so that's going to be by far the most meaningful piece of it. I think for the first number of rate rises, it's hard to say exactly how many. I think the first three or four, though, it's pretty linear. And you can use our disclosures as a way to sort of model that. You get it earlier in the -- you get it in March, it's worth a quarter or more than if you get it in June and so forth. And so it's a pretty good guide at this point to use it that way.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. And I would just add a little color. We've been happy at what we've been able to recruit in places like the investment bank. We've hired almost a few like two to three dozen sort of relatively senior investment bankers. We've hired a bunch of people in the commercial bank on the front line. And so I think as Charlie said, it's definitely competitive. And you could always find an anecdotal story of where somebody left to go do a bigger job at a smaller place or so forth. But we feel -- I think the teams feel good about being able to attract good people into the roles. And so obviously, we've got to be competitive on pay. We've got to be -- but I think people are attracted to the franchise and attracted to the sort of direction. And so far, it's been constructive there.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Look, it's a little bit of growth really across the board, John. And I think we're seeing opportunity really everywhere. And I think if you look at -- on the card side, we are expecting to see some growth in the card side. Some of that will be like through revolve balances. Some of that will be some of the intro balances coming off the new products, which will start to really pay off at the end of next year into the year after. We've been really happy with what we've seen in the auto space, which in this environment are pretty good assets, pretty short-lived assets and high quality in terms of what we've seen there. So we see some continued opportunity to grow there. And then on the consumer side, you have to go a little bit -- I'm sorry, on the mortgage side, you have to go a little bit below the covers. And if you look at the nonconforming space, we are seeing some growth there, which we think will continue as we go into the year. That's offset by these EPBO loans going away. But nonetheless, we see some growth there. So it's really -- and I gave some color on the Commercial Banking stuff in my comments. And we do expect some more opportunity in the multifamily and apartments and asset classes like that in commercial real estate. So in places like commercial real estate, we're being really targeted about it. And even where you see a little limited growth in places like office in the quarter, and even in places like that, cash to equity ratios are up, structures are better, spreads are better, given sort of what we've -- the way we're managing that. So we're being really cautious in that space. But I do think it will be a little bit of growth across the board if we're successful.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Look, I think we've talked about this before, and we're maybe in a different spot than others, just given some of the constraints we have on the asset cap. But we still feel like we've got excess capital. You can see that in the numbers yourself. We do expect that we'll continue to see some loan growth. So that will drive some RWA and so that -- we've got to be thoughtful about that. And so, as we laid out earlier last year, we said we would do at least $18 billion of buybacks through the four-quarter period ending next -- in the second quarter. That still is achievable and we potentially have the opportunity to go above that if we decide that's the right path either this quarter or next quarter. So we'll look at sort of how we feel with all the things we got to think about and make that decision. As you sort of think about the dividend, I think Charlie covered this a couple of times last year is, you think about a payout ratio that we hope to get to on a normalized basis to take out some of the onetime things that you see in the results, it's really kind of a 30% to 40% payout ratio is what we target over time. And that just takes some time to get there. And so I think we'll -- ultimately, that's a Board decision in terms of when and how much we increase the dividend. But we'll -- we're still marching down that path and -- but it takes some time to get there.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Look, at this point, as we think about it, our goal would be to see a net reduction next year. I think we'll obviously give you more guidance on how that's progressing as we get towards the end of the year. And that will be a function of what we think we can invest properly and what inflation looks like and a whole bunch of factors. But we're certainly given what our view on the efficiency side is targeting that, but we'll give you more guidance on that later in the year. I don't know if you have anything to add.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Look, I think there is some savings there, but that's -- our focus now is getting the work done and getting all the stuff in place and making sure it's operating properly. And so we're focused a little bit -- we're being thoughtful about how we implement that stuff, but our focus is a little bit less on making it the most efficient and optimized process. So we will get there when that stuff is all done and running for a while, but it -- that's a few years off, I think, in terms of really optimizing the risk and compliance.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I think you just outlined it, to be honest. I think you just have to take the lines, right? And I know we've talked about this on calls before. Like if you look at one of the biggest fee lines, you take the investment advisory and other asset-based fees, that's a function of our client assets and what the equity market is doing primarily. And so that's probably something that you can model. And we've got -- that grew a bit as we went through the year last year. And then I think as you said, we're in the mortgage space, we'll see some -- the fourth quarter number in the consumer side is probably a good place to start your jumping-off point and modeling. And as I think others have spoken about too is we all expect the mortgage market to be down with refinancings really driving that. And how well we do will be a function of how well we're able to sort of penetrate on the purchase side. So hopefully, we're down a little less than what the market is, but that will be a function of what we can deliver. And so I think you just got to take each of those lines and sort of model it forward.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I mean, the first thing we'll be looking at is how fast loans are growing, right? So obviously, that's like the place you'd want to -- you'd see that liquidity get deployed first to support customers. And so that will be a function of what we think is going to happen over a series of quarters. But -- and I think when you look at the securities portfolio, we have done a lot in the last year, both in increasing our mortgage exposure, increasing our structured product CLO exposure. The place that you saw the decline was really in the treasury side. And so given sort of what's happening in the rate environment. And so I think you will see us start deploying more. And as I mentioned earlier, we've started in a very small way already given sort of what we've seen over the last couple of weeks. And I think really how much -- how fast we go or how much we go will be both a function of what we think is going to happen with rates but also how fast we think loans will grow. And so those two things, I think, will drive sort of the pace. And at this point, embedded in our outlook or considerations there, we do expect a modest increase in the portfolio. And so we'll see how -- but we'll make that determination based on all the factors there that I mentioned.
Charles Scharf: Let me just add to something that Mike said, which is I'm always -- I'm a firm believer on these efficiency initiatives, especially in a company like this. Even if you go back over a decade, one of the strengths of this company was never efficiency. It was far more on the revenue side. And so, as we get the efficiencies that we're starting to see, it is like peeling the onion back, where then the next set of opportunities become even clearer. And so, we're ginning up the same process that we did at the beginning of this venture where we came up with initial $8 billion to back and say, okay, now what's next in a very methodical way across the Company. So we feel -- I feel really good about what's in our numbers for next year. And we're going to continue to pursue this. And I think it's, just as you've seen in our numbers, it gives us the ability to spend our investments and to become more efficient overall as a company. So, I personally don't feel like we're close to done.
Charles Scharf: Yes, it's a good question. I think we do I think what most good companies do, which is they sit around tables and they ask everyone to come back with what you want to spend money on and then figure out what you can actually do. I think we've accomplished a tremendous amount on the technology side since Saul Van Beurden, who runs technology for us, was brought in. And I think we're going to try and spend as much as we physically can get done. But I think we're always asking the question of what's next. But I think the different position that we're in versus others is we're still in the ramping-up stage, which I also look at as opportunity because we have moved slower historically investing in some of these areas. And to the extent that we find more efficiency money, it gives us the opportunity to spend more broadly. But I do feel -- I think we as a company, we as a management team do feel good about what we're investing next year relative to where we stand as a company.
Charles Scharf: Well, first of all, I mean, we're not eliminating overdraft fees. We're making a series of changes that we think makes sense for the consumer. We have an account that doesn't allow overdraft but we have an account that does allow overdraft. And so we think it's got -- it's more consumer-friendly than it was in the past, but we do continue to believe that there are a substantial number of customers out there that want us to pay overdraft on their behalf after they've worked through a bunch of the buffers and benefits we're giving them, and they're willing to pay for that.
Charles Scharf: Well, no, it's the same -- NSF fees will be eliminated entirely. Our overdraft fee will stay, but we've added a series of things such as we'll give you availability on direct deposits two days in advance. We'll give you an additional 24 hours after you otherwise would have been charged for an overdraft to cure it. So our overdraft fees will go down, but we're still going to be providing the overdraft product and we'll still be charging for it.
Charles Scharf: I don't think -- I guess the way I'd put it is we don't think about it relative to what the rate scenario is or how much we're making in NII. I think, again, just think about where we are in the stage of our evolution, which is we're limiting our investments based upon just what can physically be done, not based upon how much we actually want to spend. I mean, there are always a couple of small places around the place where people want to spend and you do have to prioritize. I think a lot of the answer to your question will have to do, as we continue to do our work strategically, to determine where we want to create additional capabilities across the Company, we would expect the investment number to grow for sure. But also, as you know, we're spending a lot of money on infrastructure. And I'm not talking about the risk build-out. I'm just talking about the basic infrastructure of the Company. So I think as we sit here today, we still think that we have an opportunity to both become much more efficient and to continue to grow the level of investments that are going to drive business results inside the Company. And that's I would say, is focused upon where we think we need to get to relative to how much money we should be spending as a company as opposed to any upside that we had because of just the change in rates at this point.
Charles Scharf: And no reason I would add, I just think for us, that just -- it takes the pressure off of us to think that if we were to think that way. If we were to say, okay, because if nothing we've done, rates have gone up, we then start spending a lot more money. We're still in this -- as I said earlier, we're still in this phase of challenging ourselves to become as efficient as we should be. And that -- having that pressure across the Company at this stage for us is still a good thing, just as it is to challenge people to come up with where we should be investing.
Charles Scharf: Matt, I understand you're very consistent in wanting to know the answer and I certainly appreciate that. We have, across all of this regulatory work. We still have a substantial amount to do. It's really not right for me to talk about under any specific consent order where we think we are in the process because, again, what I said ultimately is what's going to matter is whether our regulators believe it's done to their satisfaction. And it's really unhealthy to get into the game of do we think we're done? Do we think they're making the right conclusions? I think it's on us to continue to do all that's necessary. And when they're comfortable that we've satisfied those obligations, they will make that determination. And so I just -- again, I'm sorry. I understand why you seek more detail, but it's just a difficult thing and probably not the right thing for us to get to that level of specificity.
Charles Scharf: I think it's fair that I think I would speak for most big banks that the level of dialogue with both local staff and with D.C. is substantial and meaningful. I mean, I can just tell you, even from my last role, it's the right thing to do. Again, we certainly have increased, I think, the level of dialogue that we have since the new team has gotten here. And it's hard to put specific how often we do it. But it's very, very regular. And I think it's true that all of the big banks, both the local staff as well as the staff in D.C. are both extremely important in their monitoring and the way they draw conclusions about the Company. And we worked hard to treat both extremely respectfully. There's a very direct and open communication on their side as far as I can tell. And as I said, we say the same to the local people as we do to the D.C. staff. But again, they're a very, very important part of the journey that we're on. And we want them to be as knowledgeable about what's going on here on all of these important issues. And we're always available and willing to have those conversations with them.
Charles Scharf: Yes. Listen, I feel -- we feel great about the people that we have here. And I've listened to that for quite a while since I've been here. And when I ask people for specifics, very little seems to come back. Listen, it's a very, very competitive workplace. We lose people to competition. We hire people from competition of all sizes. I think I would say, as I've said before, when you look at the team that we have in place, both at a senior level all the way down to people that we cover customers, I feel great about it. And I can honestly tell you, we -- I'm trying to remember, Mike, keep me honest here, if we sat around a room and talked about, "Gee. Oh my God, look at all the people that we're losing to these smaller competitors and what are we going to do about it?" That conversation hasn't happened. And we're very knowledgeable about attrition that's happening at the Company. So if a small company hires a banker, it might be a big deal for them. We're lucky enough to have a very broad set of coverage officers. But that's not to say it's not competitive. So maybe they're right, but we feel good about the people that are here, and we're going to work hard to keep the people that are here.
Charles Scharf: Yes. And I just want to say one other thing, which is especially when you get down into places like the Commercial Bank and different businesses that cover consumers. As we've talked about having to improve the talent in some parts of the Company, the talent that we have in those areas is really exceptional and it's really deep. And it's a huge strength of the Company. It's been a strength of the Company for a very long time. So again, I think that might tell you just how we think about the people that we have. And again, we never want to lose good people, but it happens. But it's not something that we worry about hurting the franchise at this point.
Charles Scharf: Listen, I think it's a great question. I think it's the question that everyone is asking. And I think the whole point about joining these alliances is to ensure that we're all benefiting from each other's experiences, and those that have experienced this in other parts of the world to understand how to actually think about that. What we're doing is we're going through how we think the impact of climate on a much longer-term basis can impact all of the different businesses from a risk perspective but also understanding where the opportunities for us are. And so whenever we talk about where we're going on climate with our goal to get to net zero, I think people too often jump to that means we're going to stop doing things. First of all, what we're trying to do is to assure that we're doing everything we can to help all of our clients transition. And that doesn't mean walking away from clients. It means helping them invest in areas, whether it is -- and we can do that in lots of different ways across the Company with our own balance sheet or the public markets to invest in very, very different ways. And I think what you'll start to see from us and others is a lot more disclosure on what the embedded risks are, but also all the different things that we're doing to play our part in reducing emissions more broadly. So I just think it's a question that I think we should continue to ask as we all continue to provide more significant disclosures than we've all done in the past on the topic.
Charles Scharf: Well, let me start, Mike, and then you just pick up. I think the one thing I obviously, I think you guys all know this is not everyone starts at the same position when you look across what people have done with reserving across the industry. I think we feel very good about where we are relative to what we're seeing. We all have to make determinations. Remember, on a forward-looking basis as to what the embedded losses are. And I think everyone's got a different point of view on that on the way that looks. And I think we're at the -- we're doing the right thing, but I still think it's our assumptions are appropriate and conservative. And beyond that, remember, the idea of looking forward in terms of what's going to change in addition to just loan growth and making sure that we provide for growth in the balance sheet. It's going to depend on the ultimate outcome of the performance of the economy. And so as we sit here today, we feel very, very good about it. But it can take lots of different turns. And hopefully, we're still insulated from some level of downturn from where we sit today, given the assumptions that we've made because of the uncertainty that exists in the environment. So I'm not worried about where we are in 2022 personally, but I think as we look beyond that, it's a living breathing calculation.
Charles Scharf: Listen, thank you very much, everyone, for the time, and we appreciate it, and we will talk to you over the next quarter. Take care. Bye-bye.
