Tim Sloan: Yeah. Erika, I think that's a fair description of what could happen. I think one of the big impacts to that could be what revenues look like in 2020, but I think that's fair. 
Tim Sloan: So, Erika good question. I think let me respond in a couple of ways. First, I think it's absolutely fair and the feedback that we've been getting from our customers is that we should all be cautiously optimistic on the impact of the tax reform act on consumers. There have been millions of employed folks across the country that have gotten pay races and bonuses and the like, and I think that’s a net positive for economic growth.  As it relates to cyclically to our consumer loan growth, we believe that we will grow mortgage loans this year. We believe that we will grow credit cards this year. But we believe that it’s likely that the home equity book will continue to decline, not -- if you look at the home equity book and you divide it in the kind of the post crisis and pre-crisis book, pre-crisis book just continues to decline as we’ve been talking about for years. But we expect the post crisis book to grow. But I don’t think that growth will offset the decline in the home equity book for 2018.  And then likewise as John mentioned at it relates to auto, we believe that with all the changes that are going on in the auto portfolio, notwithstanding the underlying credit improvement and new originations, that we will see a continued decline in that portfolio throughout 2018 and in our current estimates this maybe, the lines will start to cross the fourth quarter this year may be first quarter 2019, it’s -- we will find out. But I would think about our consumer portfolio, we are optimistic about -- again about the impact of the tax act on consumers.
Tim Sloan: Yes, we don’t anticipate making any changes to our underwriting. Our underwriting, as it relates to mortgage, that we look at those every day and we are going to be competitive from a market standpoint. We are also going to take the long-term view and not get too aggressive at any one point in time.
Tim Sloan: Well Matt it’s a very fair question, particularly with the accrual that we took this quarter. And my answer continues to be very consistent and that is I think we’ve made a lot of progress in terms of looking at the operations of the company. But I can’t provide you with a guarantee or absolute assurance that we won’t be making additional changes in the future to anything that we might find. But again, we’ve made a lot of progress.
Tim Sloan: Look this is very reasonable question and I love to live in a world where I can give you an absolute guarantee and certainty, but it’s just not the world we live in. I mean we’ve been working very hard and looking at operations across the company. We have invested a significant amount of money in doing that, we’ve been very transparent when we have issues for all of you. I know that sometimes it’s disappointing, but that was the promise that we made and when we find that we’ve made any sort of mistakes we fix them and if there is a customer on the other end that’s been harmed, we will remediate them. But I just can’t provide you with that absolute guarantee at this moment in time, maybe someday I will, but I think it’s going to be something we look at the rare view mirror over a longer period of time as opposed to having some inflection point today or tomorrow or the week after that. 
Tim Sloan: Yeah. again, it’s a fair question. I would say that we’re continuing to look across the entire company as opposed to in any specific area. Again, we’ve made a lot of progress, but as I reflect on my first year and a quarter in this role, I think it’s fair to say that one of the mistakes that we’ve made at this company was that we didn’t have a thorough enough review of the businesses on an ongoing basis. So, our review will be continuing, we’re never going to declare victory, we’re going to always make sure that we’ve got the right checks and balances from a corporate risk standpoint and an audit standpoint and we’re making even more investments in the infrastructure and collecting data in a different way. So, we want to continue to make improvements. So, again the punch line matters that we’ve made a lot of progress and we’ve been very disclosive, but I can’t provide you with absolute certainty. 
Tim Sloan: Well we’re optimistic and we’ve seen growth in that business for the last few years, we’ve had a nice transition [Multiple Speakers] that’s a good point John, we’ve had a nice transition in the senior leadership from David Carol who did a terrific job to John Wise. I think John mentioned in the fourth quarter that he thought we'd see 4% to 5% type revenue growth this year. And so, we continue to be optimistic. A large part of the increase in the fourth quarter to your point was related to higher underlying values, but again that tends to drive revenues in future too. But we continue to be optimistic about that business and to reinforce John's point about the improvement in referrals from community banking to wealth and investment management. 
Tim Sloan: Well, your point is fair. Because there have been some changes in the business that attracted the entire market because of the DOL rule and implementation last year. And it's a competitive business, but again, I think John was clear that he, John Jon Weiss clear that he thought that he would see 4%, 5% not even say 6% growth on the top-line. So, we're comfortable with that. 
Tim Sloan: Yeah. So, I think the NBA is calling for the overall mortgage market size to be down a little bit. They can't factor in what might happen with more economic expansion as a result of the tax act. But call the size of the market unchanged to down, it's probably going to continue to be a little bit more of a purchase market from a reify market or trending more in that direction, which is a more competitive market for us to operate in. As a big servicer, we have an advantage in the reify market. As a result, our retail share may end up being a little bit lower, but we do a lot of correspondent lending and servicing. And so, our volumes represent the aggregate of what we originate directly and what we fund and service for correspondents.  So that's part of why margin is down because that mix from retail to correspondent means our costs are less but our revenue opportunities is less too. So, I think it's our expectation that the market is flat to down a little bit. Again, unless tax reform does something remarkable which will be great. I think it's our expectations that gets, it stays competitive. I mentioned in my comments. We think the first quarter is going to be a lower margin quarter than the fourth quarter based on what we can see. Some of that is specific behavior and a part of the agencies, because of programs that they run in the fourth quarter to get things done. And as it relates to our competitiveness, whether it's our feet on the street or our technological innovation that's rolling out right now, we anticipate being as competitive as we can possibly be in every market and maintaining our leading share. And so, it's a big point of emphasis for Michael DeVito and the folks who manage that team, but we don't want to cede that position. 
Tim Sloan: We don’t want to wind down this book. I mean we are the largest commercial real estate lender by far in not only in total but in almost every product type and we have the most diverse and broadest commercial real estate platform in the market. We are committed to this business long-term. But to be committed to the real estate business long-term you need to also make important and disciplined decisions when you see that you are at a period in the cycle that doesn’t last forever but a period in a cycle where, things that that -- underwriting standard or pricing might be a little bit out of balance. That’s how you get to stay in this business through cycles because you made good decisions. So, we want to grow this book but we want to grow it in a way that makes the right decisions for our shareholders.  So, what we have seen this year is an increase in competition, slightly lower in credit spread -- standards excuse me, and a little bit more aggressive pricing and that's meant that our book has declined a little bit. But again, we’ve got a balanced business here and so our real estate capital markets business has absolutely been on fire and you can see that other parts of revenue in the company. So, I wouldn’t look at this as we’re purposely rolling down this book because we don’t like the business, we love the business. We want to grow it so that we are ready for next year and the next cycle. 
Tim Sloan: I don’t think we saw acceleration. I think that Mary Mack and team are doing a terrific job in terms of fundamentally changing that platform. It takes time to make changes in a business that has 5,800 branches and call centers and tens of thousands of team members who are working very hard. We made changes in terms of incentive plan. We made changes in terms of the management team to streamline that. We’ve improved training and we’ve also delegated responsibility so that our folks in branches can address customer opportunities and needs more quickly, that takes time. But I am pleased with the progress and our expectation for 2018 as we are going to see checking account growth, I would also say -- primary checking account growth, I would also say an improvement over what you saw in the fourth quarter but I would also say that underlying value of those accounts has increased, and we’ve talked about that at Investor Day last year. And we are continuing to see that trend.
Tim Sloan: Yeah. Hope so, our plan is to do that, John. I think the wild card is just the pace of underlying economic growth, and we’re the largest lender in this country and so we’re dependent not only on the hard work and effort of the great team of relationship managers, but it’s also a function of economic growth. So, if we see an increase in economic growth that should be a net positive. Just anecdotally I would tell you that I’ve spent a lot of money in the last week and a half with our commercial and corporate customers and there is a lot of optimism out there. 
Tim Sloan: So, fair question given the media coverage. We can’t comment on confidential supervisory information from our regulators and so we won’t. But as it relates to capital return, I think that I said it early in the call and John repeated it that we’re pleased to have increased the amount of capital returned to our shareholders by 16% year-over-year and our expectation is that we will continue to increase capital return because we have excess capital at the company to fund our growth. And so, our goal is to reduce our 11.9% Tier 1 common equity number over the next few years to something closer to 10%. I don’t know exactly what that means in terms of what our submission for C-CAR is this year or next year for that matter. But, we’re certainly going in that direction. John, I don’t know if you have any other comment.
Tim Sloan: I'll pick that. That's a goal that I hold myself too as well as the senior management team. So, you're spot on there John. 
Tim Sloan: As we said, our expectation is to get -- by the end of this year to get down to 59 handle and then continue to make progress year after year after year. We should be within the 55% to 59%, that’s a goal to get in there. And then once we are in that range, we are going to continue to make progress. We’ve got to improve the efficiency of this company. 
Tim Sloan: Actually, my reference there is more to the market. I don’t think people appreciate how much the industry is holding the line of retail and small business deposit prices. It might be as a result of the fact that there’s been a lackluster on demand. And if the economy heats up because of tax reform and everybody has got higher loan growth, then somebody is going to -- may very well begin to defend their deposit franchise in order to fund it, or to attract deposits in order to fund it. So that’s more of an industry comment than a Wells Fargo comment specifically.
Tim Sloan: And Betsy just on deposit pricing for a minute, I would just also make an observation separate from John’s point which I completely agree with on loan demand and the potential impact is that when I think about the interaction and the relationship that we have with consumers, it’s not just about deposit pricing, it’s about how much firms are expanding from a marketing standpoint which doesn’t go into deposit pricing line and I think there’s been a lot of discussion about that this year, that’s maybe ramped up for some firms more than others. It’s also about the massive investment that we’ve been making in technology to improve innovation so that we’re not at the margin just competing on price, we’re competing upon the value of the relationship and the convenience in the service that we can provide. And we look at the pace of innovation particularly for us, I think that’s been one of the drivers and some of the reasons why we’ve been able to continue to attract deposits. We’re providing real value to all of our customers because of the massive increase in innovation and we’re going to continue to do that. So, we’re not just competing on price. 
Tim Sloan: Good morning. Thank you very much for those comments on CNBC this morning, my mother thinks -- you’re now her favorite analyst. 
Tim Sloan: So, it was $19 million in the quarter although it came in during the quarter. And so, it will be -- it will probably be more in the first quarter. And we’ll see how customers adapt to that capability overtime.  And just for anybody, who isn't familiar with the product, essentially if you overdraft payments tonight and your direct deposit hits in the morning, we don't charge you for the overdraft, it happened the night before, that's where the Rewind comes from. So, we'll see a full quarter of it in Q1, we'll call it out at the end of the quarter and make it transparent so the people can model it in. But we think it's a very useful capability to help folks who are generally speaking right at the end of the pay cycle when they have an overdraft situation and then rectify it the next day. 
Tim Sloan: Yeah, Nancy it's a very fair question. I don't think our view particularly as it relates to retail consumer customers has really changed. And what you have seen in our deposit pricing so far, this year is that we're one of the lowest if not the lowest in the industry. And our expectation is that we will continue to be able to do that because of the franchise that we have, not only the physical franchise but also the digital franchise that we’ve continued to invest in, based upon the innovation and the convenience that we are providing to our customers. I think when you move from traditional retail deposit customers to wealth customers, it’s more competitive and you’ve seen the higher weighted there and we’re kind of in the middle, and that’s fine with us. I think we’re comfortable there. And then as you move to larger corporate customers or financial institutions and the like, it’s very competitive, where your deposit days are close to 100 percentage you can get. And I think that’s been pretty consistent through cycles for us as well as the rest of the industry. So that’s how I would break it down.
Tim Sloan: Well Nancy again it’s a fair question. I think that when we look at our branch network, we included a number of factors beyond just a P&L for the branch as a likely expectation for growth or quality of customers. There is also CRA type requirements and other reasons that we want to keep branches open in certain markets.  But to your specific question about regulatory interaction, we haven’t had any increase in regulatory interaction related to a significant increase of -- regulatory interaction related to rural branches as of this point. 
Tim Sloan: Well, you can see the range that we’re talking about for expenses for the year and while that’s an annual number and other quarterly number. We showed some sensitivity around our 2017 on our revenue items. So, right now we’re very focused on specific actions that are being taken on the expense side. And we have to make some assumptions about what’s happening in the revenues estimate, what the handle range will be on efficiency later in the year.  And very importantly, I’d remind everybody that Q1 is a very -- is high for seasonal expense I think you know that, it is your business. But that’s something to account for. So, John asked the question earlier about what’s going to happen -- or I forgot who asked the question about NII in 2018, there is a range of estimates depending on the drivers that I mentioned similarly on the noninterest income front. We’ve got a lot of things that are core and easy -- easier to forecast but there’ll be other just as well. So, we’re trying to grow revenue. We have control over expense and it’s the expense that we’re through specifically pointing to in terms of what’s driving the outcome. 
Tim Sloan: So, right now I’d say credit card is probably the easiest one to point to. I think 43% of card originations in 2017 were digital. Now, to be fair we -- it’s not so important to us what that percentage is, we want more of our customers to have our card in their wallet and if they get it digitally or they get it in-person either will work. But, 43% are trending towards half of our card openings were digitally transacted in 2017. That’s an interesting metric and that’s up from a very small percentage in prior years.  Mortgage will be -- this will be the year to see to see what the trend is there as we fully roll out the digital mortgage applications, people who aren’t -- including people who aren’t already customers in Wells Fargo. And while we have the digital account opening process for two of the investor which is something that we’ll be measuring all year and figure out how much benefit our customers and prospects drive from interacting with us in that way.
Tim Sloan: Well, it’s live now for a people who are already customers of Wells Fargo. You can enter through -- I know you all are customers at Wells Fargo, you can log on to our online banking or digital banking platform you can see it there. But it will be available for all comers in the first quarter. 
Tim Sloan: As you said to reinforce John's point. I think what we saw in fourth quarter was more leverage buyout type transactions and kind of this because of our underlying credit discipline. We tend to have a lower percent market share in those types of deals. And so that would at the margin probably have driven most of that decline. 
Tim Sloan: Again, thank you all for joining us this morning. I know it's always a busy morning the first day of earnings for the industry. I want to reiterate the fact that 2017 was a very transformational year for Wells Fargo. And I also want to emphasize the hard work, dedication and resiliency of our team members, who made the company a better bank today than it was a year ago. And again, notwithstanding the challenges that we have ahead, I'm optimistic that Wells Fargo will be a better bank a year from now. So again, thank you for your support. 
John Shrewsberry: The one thing I'd add that will be, we've been talking about, we'll talk about more at Investor Day as you mentioned, is the arc of the ongoing reinvestment or investment in the various programs that we have to transform Wells Fargo. Some of them are regulatory in nature, some of them are [probation] in nature, but there are variety of them, each of them has their own arc. They're in place today and so how they come off the total is going to be the missing link for what happens in 2019 and maybe even in 2020 for some of them. 
John Shrewsberry: I also think this secular shift this intentional shift to emphasize recurring asset management relationships over transactional revenue. Means you've got the means, the outcome that you're describing but less volatility around it because you're less reliant on people trading stocks and more aligned with the managed solution which is a more stable form of revenue. 
John Shrewsberry: One thing I would add is that the 2015, ‘16 primary checking account growth numbers were also benefited by a major attempt to convert people who were primary. They were customers of Wells Fargo but they were at that point primary into primary customers. And so, we had a backlog of relationships to convert to primary that we’ve, I’d say we basically worked through and now it’s really about net new customers to the bank and making them primary customers. And so just to comp owner. 
John Shrewsberry: The C&I loans, credit card and first mortgage is likely where our net loan growth is going to come from in 2018 and similar to the quarter. 
John Shrewsberry: No, that’s right the I guess I was interpreting the question also mean deployment for growth and loan portfolio and that would be the first call on our capital share and make loans for our customers. There is no M&A in our future that would be a use of capital that we can possibly imagine at this point. And thus, the high starting point in the ongoing relatively high level of capital generation should lead to attempting to return more of that to shareholders. 
John Shrewsberry: Yeah, I mean. I think we are imagining 3 rate hikes built into our baseline scenario. We don't have a lot of economic impact from tax reform built into our current forecast for 2017 to the extent that it achieves its desired goals to see some upside there. I think those would be the big drivers. And one of the key estimations we have to make as what's going to happen with deposit pricing throughout the course of the year. I think we're anticipating normalizing betas over the course of the year that feeds into that range.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. The calculus is what is our outlook for rates over the next couple of years versus what the forward curve implies because that's where swap pricing comes from. And if we think that if there is a chance that we're going to be earning more over the next couple of years, then it might make sense to get out of today's fixed rate to get back into a floating rate scenario. Then we do the math to figure out what the swap mark is and the amortization cost is and what the benefit of increased asset sensitivity is. And we've been doing that and it's made sense to us to reduce that position. 
John Shrewsberry: And there is no reason, for the reasons that we've laid out, the expectation is that those incremental cost would be coming off in '19 and '20 and expenses would continue to trend lower. The caveat I guess I would give is if there was some -- several years ago we went through a period like this where we gave specific expense guidance and then there was a wild mortgage reify here with a revenue opportunity was used and expenses, direct expenses grew to reflect to take advantage of it. So, absence something like that, which we'd all be happy about if occurred, then as you say, there is no reason to believe the expenses shouldn't keep coming down based on these structural items that we're talking about that will fall off. 
John Shrewsberry: We’re not -- we don’t really normalize our 2017 expenses and I think many people would obviously look to take out their larger operating losses that we experienced. But beyond that I wouldn’t view much of a normalization for you just because it’s a slippery slope.
John Shrewsberry: I would say that we don’t think that we have to do too much, although again if there’s a big cyclical change that causes betas to catch up to where people might have previously imagined they should be, looking at prior cycles of rate increases, then if we’re looking for a catalyst or imagining one that could cause that, one of the things that could cause it is a big pick up in loan demand, it hasn’t been there. And we’ve been studying deposit response as an industry without that loan demand, if you were to add loan demand, it could change things, that’s my point. Your point is right, our loan-to-deposit ratio is very modest. We’ve got a lot of liquidity where we are not in a position where we think we need to attract a lot of incremental deposits to fund the next $10 billion of loans. But the industry overall has -- should be thinking about whether an increase in loan demand overall changes the calculus for deposit pricing.
John Shrewsberry: Yeah. I think it’s a little earlier to fully forecast it. There is a lot going on. And we’re just talking about deposit pricing and what that means that could be a huge driver of this year. It wasn’t really as much of a topic last year. We’re shaving some NII of the top for the -- on the tax equivalency front for our tax-exempt investments that’s probably worth $400 million and some change in 2018 versus 2017. And then the loan growth and cash deployment are going to matter too. So, it is a stated goal that we’re trying to grow net interest income period-over-period, year-over-year and so that’s what we’re vectoring towards. But, at this point may be at Investor Day it will be easier to think about the year as a whole because we will have a quarter and some change behind us. But, I wouldn’t pencil in last year’s growth rate this year until we get a little bit further into and we know what tax reform means and a couple of other things. 
John Shrewsberry: No, no I don’t think so. And we’ll probably continue to give – well we’ll certainly give call out changes in our guidance on the effective tax rate overall if conditions change throughout the course of the year, it will be impacted by a couple of things. Most notably how much money we’re making. But that’s the number for now. 
John Shrewsberry: I don't have a silver bullet for you. But I can tell you that you could stress or model some sort of a catch up to historically normal levels, call it the 40% level. And then ask yourself, by bank who might go first and why? And as Tim mentioned, there are a lot of non-economic reasons for customers who want to maintain relationships maintain balances etcetera call it the very full service with the less full service. All of those things matter. But everybody's deposit franchise is going to look a little bit different. So, people have more core primary types of transactional account relationships and some people are funded with how their money they are seeking the highest yield at any point in time. And that's going to, it's different banks that are going to behave differently. My general guess is that within the relevant range for likely loan growth for Wells Fargo, that if we achieve the higher end of that range, and the impact on our deposit price isn't really going to be because we think that we need to go out and raise more money and jack up our deposit cost, but rather that it's happening to others and they're doing it and we respond -- and if we feel we need to we will be responding to what's happening in the market. 
John Shrewsberry: On the last point I would add, we’ve been a little bit more active with some of the financial institution customers to get their deposits because we don’t have a leverage ratio problem so we can afford to have a slightly better balance sheet. We can use the liquidity from time-to-time. So, if we weren’t doing that, because that is the highest cost deposit number, we probably weighted average basis like a lower deposit cost payer. But it’s really some purpose to do more business of various types with those customers by having that deposit relationship. 
John Shrewsberry: I would say there is big investment in digital capability that allows people to bank from anywhere including opening accounts, including applying for and having credit trenches [ph] including deposit taking, eases the burden doesn’t completely remove it, but it makes it easier for people who live far from branches even if there is a branch there, may be 30 miles away, still be in the county. We are making it easier for people to do that from home. So, it’s a better situation than it was 20 years ago or 40 years ago and that same calculus is being weighed. 
John Shrewsberry: Yeah. And let me give in order that’s going to reflect some large deal volume could be some leverage finance volume, it could be cross boarder activity, some of which are probably higher beta for us depending on whether we get it or not. I think on an annual basis, we probably assume that we're still going to trend towards the 5% 6% plus market share range, which is where we've been recently. But I'm going to think terribly different. 
