John Shrewsberry: The best disclosure for our legal activity is found in our Q and K where there is great detail on item that are probable and estimable and frankly even more matters, we can't comment on anything specifically. The items that I referred in the expense section or variety of matters that essentially added up to the number that you saw. 
John Shrewsberry: Well, we called out one area where there has been an increase in utilization in the comments that was in capital finance but overall in wholesale banking utilization is relatively flat, it's ticked up just a little bit. So this is -- this loan growth isn't just driven by that. 
John Shrewsberry: We think that where we stand today is probably about where you need to be and if the final rule making around LCR comes in a little bit differently then the actions that we have to take shouldn't materially change things so we are about where you need to be.
John Shrewsberry: Well, you should be -- should look at the balance sheet at every period and assess what types of inflows we have of additional liquidity and what we have done with it. Some of will be loan growth, there will be more security growth; there will be some that sits in cash while we wait to make decision about securities investments. So the facts and circumstances will lead it on that path but back to your question about roll-off and roll-on, it appears that the NIM hasn't been diminished by a change in pricing scheme with respect to loans or securities for that better because of what you described. 
John Shrewsberry: Sure. Well, we've been pretty clear on the record that we found the spring selling season to be little less than we have originally imagined, although it is nice growth from the first quarter just based on the time of year. And our view on the whole year in terms of mortgage origination is not inconsistent with the MBA and other published metrics. So you can see our pipeline going into the third quarter higher than it was going into the second. So that's probably means good things for the third quarter relative to the second quarter. The margins are holding in there. But we are not seeing -- we are not seeing a breakout returns to pre crisis levels of the enthusiasm around home ownership and so the purchase market is softer than we thought that it would be. 
John Shrewsberry: I think -- we have been very good at being flexible about that work force. And adding as we needed to as production volumes increased and then making changes as production volume decrease. So I think we are keeping that in sync with the production opportunity.
John Shrewsberry: Well, so it's -- it has a lot to do with servicing expenses. So fewer on reimburse expenses coming through, fewer foreclosure and default expenses so it is more efficient servicing operation and more of the net fees flowing to the bottom line. 
John Shrewsberry: We think 66% payout ratio comes with the combination of repurchase and dividend is an excellent spot to be in. It is between the goal post that we set up 55% to 75%. Can't be much more precise than that but we hear our shareholders loud and clear that they want more return of capital. We are committed to executing on that so that's about all the rest to say. And we look forward CCAR process. 
John Shrewsberry: That's a good question. You can see the point-to-point numbers that have changed. The average is what it is just because of the timing in the quarter between when we issued shares to our benefit plans and when shares were repurchased with repurchase was little bit more even throughout that -- throughout the quarter and the issuance was a little bit more front end loaded. So the average didn't change as much as the point-to-point but it will be probably be like that during quarter where there is slightly heavier issuance but yet we expect the net number to trend down the way we've described it. 
John Shrewsberry: It's tough to describe expenses as permanent and non-permanent. I know you are looking for an offset for that non recurring revenue but the expense story is the efficiency ratio story, if we've got for example this quarter higher incentive compensation related to revenue growth that's going to move things around. We've got our deferred comp hedging that moves things around. So it is hard to give you a neat offset to that.
John Shrewsberry: It's hard to say whether that's permanent or not. We will work with Jim Rowe and get you something specific. So we can responsive to that
John Shrewsberry: It's broad based so there is some equity capital market, debt capital markets, loans indication, M&A activity, it was just a busier quarter, I think that our investment banking share might have picked up a little bit but the whole market was busier in the second quarter than it was in first quarter. 
John Shrewsberry: Well, the gain was at the low end of the range which is how we thought about and described in Investor Day. In terms of volumes they were -- I think we feel about the same as we did six weeks ago which it is was less than we had originally anticipated. So we feel about the same. We are glad the results are good. They are certainly up seasonally quarter-over-quarter. But we might have imagined a little bit more going in to year.
John Shrewsberry: And you probably recall at Investor Day we had a specific slide on disclosure on the growth in the auto portfolio in particular that showed among other things over a long period of time what's been going on in our portfolio with FICO scores, average loan to value and payment to income ratio of our auto customers. And each of those has improved, not only over the last five years but improved meaningfully from pre crisis levels. So the portfolio actually looks really good. Our relationship with -- and autos and our business proposition there is that we own the relationship with dealers. We banked the dealers directly, we provide them with floor plan financing, and we provide them with real estate financing. We bank them personally and we are a very reliable takeout for indirect auto paper and we get more than our fair share as a result of the paper we want and the portfolio composition reflects that. 
John Shrewsberry: We are very flexible about that. And constantly reading what we think we need in terms of capacity. As you know, the work force in that line of business has become flexible work force just because of the ebbs and flows of origination patterns as a refinancing opportunity comes into the money and then goes away. So I think we are very real time in responding and what we think we need. And if we think that we need more because the third quarter opportunity seems bigger then we will staff it up and if we think that we need less then we will dial it back.  
John Shrewsberry: And capturing that first time buyer that lower credit quality customer may be very -- will be very important to that customer when credit becomes available but not likely to change the overarching view of what the size of the mortgage market is in 2014 or 2015. And it is not likely to have a big impact on earnings of mortgage originators. There is not that much going on there. It is very important to them but there aren't enough for those loans at 140 basis points to make a giant different. 
John Shrewsberry: Sure. Well, we are -- I will stand out by saying we are sticking with our 55% to 59% because that's where we think we will be through the cycle. We constantly focus on our efficiency, we spend a lot of time in that many programs designed to root out and to get the bottom of the most efficient use in resources that we can have. And that's important because there are areas where we continue to spend and invest money to have the right people facing customers and investing the right product for customers. And there are also areas like risk management, compliance, technology etcetera where we are making increasing investment to build the better company for the future. So all that's going on at the same time. And it would arrive that this 55% to 59%. You can rest assure that we are doing what we can to keep expense as efficient but I wouldn't count on a big lever there moving down closer to 55% all other things being equal to drive near-term performance.
John Shrewsberry: And as we've said publicly in the past to the extent that we had revenue increases as a result of rates moving up. We probably migrate to the lower end of efficiency ratio because those dollars of revenue don't have expense attached to them. 
John Shrewsberry: That's right. The future cash flows are higher as a result of future expenses coming down, current and future expenses coming down. 
John Shrewsberry: There maybe. We are probably in that middle innings of perfecting servicing over time. There are still -- and more of elevated level of troubled loans out there compared to what we hope to steady status years from now. And when that happens it will be in the future and the benefit of will be the discounted than future benefit of it but you are right, it is probably opportunities at some point in future. 
John Shrewsberry: I wouldn't -- there is no real updated intelligence. We still are hearing and are of a mind that the range that will probably published at some point in the future is in the high teen to low 20s in terms of loss absorption cushion. We see ourselves on a risk based approached at the low end of that range and at or within striking distance of that range. So based on everything that we know today, we don't anticipate it having material impact on Wells Fargo.
John Shrewsberry: Well, they are talking about it lot and there is multiple regulators talking about it little differently so I think there is an effort to harmonize their points of view. But obviously they've got a big focus on what's going on with leverage lending inside of banks and banks mean different thing depending on which regulator and which firms are covering. So I would anticipate more clarity some time later this year or maybe beyond that but it really isn't enough for to understand what's going on and at some level to encourage certain types of behavior and discourage others. The big emphasis is on the most levered and most collateral free leverage lending. We don't anticipate having an extraordinary impact on Wells Fargo based on our business mix.
John Shrewsberry: Sure. Well, we had designated -- that the government guaranteed student loan business which is distinct from our private student loan business that we are very committed to over the long term. We had separated after government guaranteed part of the portfolio into liquidating portfolio in 2010 when we stopped originating those loans as that market changed. So they have been part of our run off portfolio for that period of time and amortizing down a little bit. We see the opportunity in the market to move those loans off the book. They are relatively low yielding. They are not strategic. We don't have bigger relationships with most of those customers and that's the decision. So we have transferred them all to held for sale status to signal this intend to sell, we are going about the process in the next quarter or so.
John Shrewsberry: It is a carry component. The bundle of instrument that we use to hedge the asset to create the right duration profile as rates move up or down that we think the value is -- changing value is neutralized. That bundle of instruments throws out positive carry. It will depend on the shape or the slope of the yield curve at different points in time. And of course in the past it has been impacted by other expense items that have been flowing through, they are less of them today. So it is a little bit more standout in terms of its net. And then there is also the influence of what happens when rate speed up or down -- prepayment rates speed up or not, and of course we have gone through a period recently where the asset is linked-in. So there is a lot of different things going on there. And it is not currently what through the cycle actually mean in this context because as rates move you are in different places and as the shape of the curve moves you are in different places that are different than a business cycle or credit cycle. But you can look at the performance over some period of time and set whatever average you think is right. But I think zeroing it our is probably conservative. 
John Shrewsberry: So we are setting our expectations in our levels internally from one key card process to the next based on how we anticipate that we are going to earn and the negotiation if you will that we are having with regulators which -- it is part of what constructs the balance between dividend and repurchase. And if you think about an annual payout or if we thought about an annual payout based on the annual number, it would be a calculated number in that range. From quarter-to-quarter as I mentioned earlier with respect to what happen to share count, we've got different things going on with share issuance so that the net buyback will be bigger in some quarter than it is in others which is going make us look like we are dancing around inside the range. And that's the reason for moving around inside the range. Now, more importantly if growth opportunities began to emerge in a more meaningful way where we needed to retain more capital to put it work then that would also be a driver, I think Investor Day you probably recall that Paul Ackerman went through an analysis of the amount of capital that we thought was appropriate to set aside for asset growth and that's amount that was -- the amount of earnings necessary are available to distribute. So that's the starting process. 
John Shrewsberry: I wouldn't say anything standing out. We are at there looking in both consumer and commercial and commercial real estate assets. We've -- I mentioned in the loan growth context that we have done a couple of commercial real estate acquisition. These are all announced but that have happened in the quarter. Pardon me, that is happened in previous quarters. So we are looking at those. We have talked about card programs like the Dillard's program where we will be picking up a portfolio receivable in addition to managing that card program going forward with more opportunity there. So we are looking at lots of things. Some things make more sense than others but that's an interesting way for us to add both assets and new customers to the bank. 
John Shrewsberry: With respect to the first half of the question it depends, we would be willing to sell at one piece. It is a big number. So it may happen in component pieces. And on the second half, we do not service those loans.
John Shrewsberry: The question is whether that $8 billion is part of the $47 billion because if it then that answers the question at what we sold. So we will confirm that. 
John Shrewsberry: So at least two different questions there. The first part on the competitive environment for loan. And it is a more competitive environment. There are lots of people out there. Lots of banks out there with a lot of liquidity competing for loans. And we do see more competitive -- more borrower friendly structures that we have to react to from one asset category to another. Now in some like in mortgage for example, part of it is just getting more clarity on what the rules are and what's going to work and what's saleable to agencies and things like that. And for other things -- for other types of assets, we mentioned auto earlier, there are people out there who for example are extending the terms on auto loans, so links that you might not seen in past. And of course we are all leverage lending is probably the most visible because it's pretty easy to measure the aggressiveness based on leverage multiple for example. So those things are happening. Our front line and relationship managers and others are confronted with having to make decisions about where we want to be in, where we don't want to be. We think we are very good at spotting that. And managing credit risk has been strength at Wells Fargo as you know for a very long time. With respect to reserving, we are looking at our risk allowance for credit losses every quarter and it reflects and its change reflects what's going on in the portfolio. When its bottom up analysis of what's in the portfolio, what it looks like, what's risk rated, how it is performing and what our expectations is for near term credit losses. And as we said here, we anticipate reserve releases declining over some period of time in part to reflect -- from 35 basis points it's hard to argue that whether it can get much better from there or sort of bounded by zero on the one side and would expect to gravitate more towards some whatever normalized means with some higher level of net charge-off. So that's going on the one hand and then there is portfolio growth. As we said, we had a lot of new loans put on and all things being equal at some point, our reserves will have to grow to reflect the increased loan balances which we think is a great thing because we want those loans on the books serving customers, earning interest and creating the environment to cross sell those customers. That's how I see them. 
John Shrewsberry: As I look at the industry data so what's going on with reserve releases from other banks, they have been trending and it begun to trend with a few exceptions back up towards zero. So I think people see that coming and it's a reflection of asset growth on one hand which is a good thing and then of course the big reserves that we put on at the -- in the heat of the crisis that in some cases were more than relative what was necessary. So we look at quarter-by-quarter, just to be clear, this is a gap exercise, we built it up based on what's actually in the portfolio and the experience that we are managing. As you have seen in the data right now our allowance for credit loss is pushing 5x what our actual charge-off experience is right now.
John Shrewsberry: I think it's going to be hard for the 35 basis points to move rapidly to any much higher number. And we know what kind of assets we have been putting on the book for the last few years which I think we all believe are very high credit quality particularly on a historical basis. So normalization will happen over some period of time but at least from our perspective we wouldn't expect it to be an abrupt move. Credit is still quite strong.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. So what we know about that is that it sounds like it is going to happen. It is not final but we are going to be hearing about it from the Fed in the coming quarters. And at least the way I read it there is not going to be much of an opportunity to change anyone's mind. But of course for anybody who is included into this, this is life of low-- essentially life of loan reserving. The expectation, our expectation is that would begin to phase in the 2017 timeframe or later. And so it's not really today's issue and just for the avoidance of doubt, our reserving practices today do not reflect that future contemplated life of reserving -- life of loan loss approach. So it's out there, let's call it 2017 plus and something wrong and have to figure out how to adapt to. 
John Shrewsberry: I wouldn't say that we don't describe it in our deposit stress testing internally in quite that way. And we talk about the types of deposit accounts that we have and we assigned what we think are the right level of behaviors to those accounts and through that we assess what we think the right level of liquidity is to carry and that liquidity comes in the form both of cash and cash equivalent which are extraordinary at Wells Fargo today as well as our securities are relatively liquid securities portfolio that we in a pinch would consider to be saleable or financeable. And answering a slightly different question, the sum of those two things is such a significant part of our balance sheet today that it seems like ample coverage for whatever portion of deposits might be -- might unexpected retract or disappear in the event of move up. 
John Shrewsberry: That's right. We have the relationships that we have with our deposit customers is cemented by the tools that we have that we use, that the products that we offer them and allow them to manage their money. So whether it's a consumer or a business customer, we've got the best in class interface that allows them -- and frankly it is hard to move away from -- in terms of moving money, analyzing money, investing money etcetera, the mobile convenience, the online convenience what we have referred to as this omnichannel relationship. It's not easy or convenient to want to change that. So something really has to be compelling about an individual depositor circumstances or we would have to really be tone deaf to what deposit pricing needs to do in order to retain our balances. So we feel really good about that.
John Stumpf: John, the nice thing about the loan growth is broad based. If you look at it's consumer, it's private banking area, commercial and cross so it's really broad based, it is one of the -- I think the strengths in what we have been doing the last number of quarters especially this quarter. 
John Stumpf: Joe, this is John Stumpf. We are seeing that. As I am always talking with customers and our talking with our team, there is as I mentioned in my opening comments, there is more optimism. I think consumer confidence is at six year high. It is not breakout but it's -- we are having more discussion with more customers about buying homes, buying autos, investing in infrastructure if you are a business, buying something so we are real economy company. We are in the real economy and there are certain sectors of economy that are doing very well. We are big energy lender both on renewal side and the hydrocarbon side, plus the real estate has been very good for us, little market such it's very broad based.
John Stumpf: I would say this way Erika. Again, we don't manage to the margin; deposit growth has an impact on the margin. What we say -- what we are saying is we are focused on growing net interest income and we believe we can do that. And loan demands been good and that is good for growing net interest income. Secondly, we have millions of dollars available in that cash flow if you will, to make investments at the right time so we are optimistic about growing net interest income over the long term. The margin will be impacted by -- cost growth has a big influence on that. And again most at neutral to income if not neutral to the margin.
John Stumpf: Yes, I do. I think the margins have been running in that 140 to 160 range and from what we see there is rationality in pricing. And those margins are look reasonable to us. We have no reason to believe it will be markedly different from that in the near future. 
John Stumpf: Mike, about 74% of our originations are production this quarter was purchase money and that really plays into our hand. We have long-term relationships with realtors and builders. We have a wonderful crew of people who are our team members are out calling so we should expect to do better vis-à-vis because others who don't have a sales force on the ground. 
John Stumpf: Well, Mike, you hit both side right. I mean it is I think 35 bases -- it is loss - I remember in my 37 years with the company and in the auto area specifically we looked carefully at what's going on with FICO scores and we look at delinquencies and a whole bunch of things there. So no I don't think we are taking inappropriate risks. Is that going for taking the right risks and we are finding the right place? And after all this is a business that we have been in long time and we don't come and show up and leave and secondly it is a short -dated asked that we know a lot about -- 
John Stumpf: Well, Betsy, we have been doing a number of those over a period of time, be more efficient and to give our sales force more information upon sale but that's not a big issue. I mean those things happen, that haven't any impact on the business. 
John Stumpf: Betsy, you are on important point and I think it has been asked couple of times this morning. In the mortgage's business besides having to be good underwriter, good servicers, and all those things, good at flexibility, wrapping up and wrapping down is a core competency here. And if you are in this business and you have to be good at that. 
John Stumpf: Well, those meetings with our mortgage company continue with Mel Watt and his team and others. I think the goals here is to get more credit corporately to borrowers who want to own homes and who can afford homes. And that's in the interest of borrowers; it is in interest of lenders like us, and interest in investors and the country. So we are trying to harmonize that. Some things in the past created less harmony. You low rates at one side encouraging borrowing and you have put backs from the GSEs on the other side that make lenders less willing to lend money. So we are trying to get everybody on the same page. I think he has been helpful in that and obviously we are participating in that. So and as we get more clarity there we can make loans, confirming loans that serve more customers. That's the goal there. 
John Stumpf: Well, I'll tell you predicting what happen in Washington on legislation is -- that's way above my pay scale so but the important point is here is that there are some incremental changes happening and that's helping open the credit box a bit and corporately so we are still doing full underwriting and those sort of things. But I hate to venture a guess on when GSE reform will become law. 
John Stumpf: I understand, okay. Well, we are just -- we're keep working on that and I think there is lot of emphasis on may be sure again corporate customers get loans that they can repay. 
John Stumpf: So couple examples of things that we are doing. As you know about since the merger five years ago we've reduced the number of square feet that we used to house our people and through our stores and so forth from 100 let say 15 or 17 million square feet to 94-95 million square feet. We are testing and successfully so a new urban store if you will, neighborhood store, we have now three of those in the Washington area, have a very different expense component but still just as productive. So there is a lots of things we are working on. So we can use those dollars and savings to invest in other areas of business that John mentioned. Expense -- there is lot of focus on that here but not -- again I have said in the past we are not slavish to it. If our expenses grow because revenues growing up, that's a good thing. And we will make the investment that we believe will make-- need to make for the long-term success of the company. 
John Stumpf: I would say yes surely, it is a ratio. So no matter it is denominator, we are working both side of it. 
John Stumpf: This is an area that I think is one of our biggest opportunities in the company. If you look at Wells being as we all talk about in the real economy, we have leadership roles in variety of lending classes, whether autos, in consumer, small business, real estate and we are just passionate about helping our retail customers understand the value of having a Wells Fargo card and not only in their wallet but top of wallet. And there were some areas that we were under serving, especially our affluent and emerging affluent customers and our partnership with American Express is off to a very good start. Obviously, we do a lot of things, it was with VISA, and important in Master Card partners of ours. So we can sell a card to a customer at a fraction of the cost of someone else in the outside. We know these people better, we give them better products, and we have a lot of exciting benefits that we are giving as part of the card offering. And it is not only having the balances there. It's being involved with the customer on the payment side. So when we merge the two companies over five years ago, Wachovia came without a portfolio because he had sold their card business off so we are at about 22% penetration rate. Today we are at 39%. I always tell our people, do you know how many of our consumers have credit cards they all do. In fact, they have more than one card. Now, I don't know that we didn't get to 100% but we are marching smartly up the line and you are right, it is not only about the number of plastic cards we have outstanding, it is one that have been used. So I am thrilled with what we are doing. We have still lot more work to do. Big opportunity for us.
John Stumpf: Let me just give overall view how we think about it. I think one of the things that -- is may be under appreciated about Wells today is the quality of our deposit franchise. And we have $1.1 Trillion of deposit at 10 basis points. About a $1 Trillion of core deposits and many of these -- most of these deposits what I would call transactional mean that people use these deposits either are they are checking accounts or saving accounts, we only have 30 to 40 billion [AR] of CDs, we have a very high quality deposit base. We are also growing primary checking accounts. Think about that. The primary account by between 4.5% and 5%, lower 5% depending whether it's small business or consumer. And in fact these some of the strongest growth number we-- I have ever seen. So because of the quality of our deposit franchise, the quality of omnichannel delivery system. And no one knows of course, it will become fact in history what happens with disintermediation about when rates rise and so forth. I am of the opinion that you are going to see at least for the first couple hundred basis points move up in rate, probably very little movement in disintermediation. You can make the argument that the squeeze down your M1 and M2 and some of the liquidity about the system. We found over time as you suggest early that deposit generally grow. And it might not grow as fast as but I am very confident about how all our deposit franchise will perform in a rising rate environment. 
John Stumpf: Repeat that one. This is really as a process we are able to with debit; we are able to do it on a real time basis. And it was more incorporating that into that hierarchy with checks to get them synchronized and that was the reason for making that change. 
John Stumpf: And I think as I mentioned before I think we are going -- our deposit franchise will out perform competitors because of the nature of the kind of deposits we have and the amount of core deposits (inaudible) amount of retail core and I think there is going to be surprise, I think we will surprise ourselves and how well it's going to do. 
John Stumpf: What's happened in the past is typically what happen is that the margin will increase and net interest income increase because assets have reprised faster than liabilities will. So I mean – hypothetically we will wait to see what happens at that time.
John Stumpf: All right. Well, thank you much everybody. We appreciate your interest in Wells Fargo. Thank you for joining the call. Excellent questions and we will see you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks much. A couple questions. One is on the mortgage origination side. And I think you were doing some rollouts on July 1. Just wanted to see how those executed, and now that that's behind you, are there any opportunities to make that side of the business more efficient.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Well, there were some technology changes and some systems-related changes, process-related changes that you did effective July 1.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Right. No, I was asking really more about when your credit box on GSEs would loosen up potentially versus what had happened at the FHA where you have already loosened up a little bit there so -- 
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So if I am hearing you correctly, as we think about the efficiency ratio going forward, there may be some opportunities for it to tick down a little bit, more dependent on revenue.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Yes, I'm harping on it because the efficiency ratio hasn't really moved the last several quarters. As we start thinking about the back half of the year and going forward the mortgage revenue comps get a lot easier and it feels like we could start seeing some improvement there so --
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And is there still I feels like there is still opportunity to reduce the cost of servicing going forward, which therefore would increase the value of the MSR. It feels like there is still more of that opportunity there.
