John Stumpf: Well as I mentioned in my comments Joe, since the United States is a net consumer, net importer of oil, we think it's a positive for the U.S. economy. Clearly that's on average because there is going to be some states that are impacted. Some customers who are going to be impacted and some businesses that's going to be impacted, but we serve 70 million customers. Virtually all of them know how to fill the gas tank and go to a gas pump and that's a real benefit. So we think net, net it's an opportunity. Surely there are offsets like we said, but even within the oil and gas business and John mentioned we are participant there. It's about 2% of our loans. There is still a lot of opportunity for consolidation there and we'll participate in that with our customers. We're looking at our portfolio. We analyze that. We've been through that over the past, but net, net, we think it's a positive.
John Stumpf: And we don't want to minimize this, but this is nature of that business. If you go back just six years, we've had $30 a barrel oil and we've had $140 a barrel oil. We've seen gas for example, natural gas go from $6, $7 Mcf to $2 and some change today and that's just part of that business.
John Stumpf: Well let me say it this way. First of all we love the card business, especially for our community bank customers and we've grown from the low to mid 20s penetration to now to 42% of our customers carry our credit card. And we like that business a whole lot not only from the balances we get, but to be relevant to our customers as far as handling their payments, providing them services that are even around payments and so forth for them. We want to provide great value. Pricing sure is part of that. You've seen recently where we've partnered with American Express. We do a ton of business with Visa on the higher end, higher value cards. So this is really a strategy about getting more cards top of wallet with our customers and pricing, rewards, the whole value of proposition is part of that. I wouldn’t say it's just any one thing around price per se, but it around value.
John Stumpf: We have a -- we have a very big municipal business and deposits are certainly part of that. It's a service that we provide to the tax exempt issuing community and by municipal, it's all forms of state and local and country government and other non-profit types of customers. The unfriendly LCR treatment came from the fact that municipal deposits tend to be collateralized by us so that their municipal depositor is safer in the event of a problem with their bank and that wasn’t being taken into account in the original approach to LCR. We think we've gotten that favorable outcome there, so that they're now LCR friendly. Still very competitive. We still like those deposits. We still very much enjoy those relationships because there is a lot of banking service that we provide to those types of clients, but they don't have the LCR problem that they might have seemed to have in pre-clarification that came out in the third or fourth quarter.
John Stumpf: I don't think that you have it right. I think that it works fine. Incidentally there were two issues that people were trying to address in tweaks to LCR relating to munis. The other one was whether high quality muni bonds would be considered HQLA on the asset side and I don't think that there has been a resolution there and there are a number of our customer -- our clients who issue high quality muni bonds to take exception of that and we will see where that goes. But on the deposit side, I think we've cracked the code.
John Stumpf: Mike, you're hitting one of the important issues for us as. As John mentioned, we take this seriously. We're looking for all those opportunities to eliminate expenses where customers don't find value and it's an ongoing continuous process for us, reducing square footage. It's one of those looking hard at the kind of money we spend that is not revenue producing if you will, but also making sure that we take a look at the long term. So we continue to invest in things like late last year Apple Pay and other things that we do to provide convenience for our customers. So it's always a don't waste, but also we take a long term view, but this continues to be a big focus for us.
John Stumpf: Sure, so we don't have a leverage loan book. We have loan portfolios in various lines of business. We have an energy loan portfolio, which would include both oil and gas and as I mentioned, it's about 2% of our loans overall and it includes E&P companies. It includes mid stream, pipeline companies and it includes services companies. It also includes some investment grade integrated oil names. But some of that is about 2% of our total loan portfolio. Some of those companies will have higher leverage. Some of those companies will have lower leverage, but we don't draw the portfolio line along the level of leverage.
John Stumpf: Yes, it's a good question. So I'll quantify for you our total securities exposure including what's in trading and also what's in AFS because we have some -- we have some corporate investments in energy names as well. And the sum total of both of those is less than a $1.5 billion at Wells Fargo and it's much smaller portion in trading which of course gives mark-to-market through the P&L every day and somewhat larger percentage of that is sitting in AFS, which we mark every day, but the value change goes through OCI.
John Stumpf: You know John, we think if you're going to grow revenues over the long run, you have to be growing households, cross-sell deposits and loans and we share a plan for all of those.
John Stumpf: It's really tough to say, which is why we're talking percentages and think about things in terms of a range and you can see the items that we're calling out as feeling seasonal in Q4 and there is a handful of them and there an amount to a few $100 million. And then of course in Q1, we typically have escalated personnel in benefits expense as well. In terms of the OpEx of the investments that we're making in risk management etcetera, they will be elevated for some period of time, but because of all of the other drivers to the total expense number. It's possible that we operate and there is a reasonable expectation that we operate at a lower level than we have in the last couple of quarters because we're always pushing down on things where we can. So that's why we give you the range. We think we're going to be in the range in 2015 like we have been in 2014. One other item I had mentioned for those other new two that we do have this deferred comp element that shows up in expense even though it's a P&L neutral item and that creates in some cases a couple $100 million worth of noise in any given quarter, which is material given the differences that we're talking about here.
John Stumpf: No, well first of all, I think those are positive changes that have been made and I think they've been largely made because it got too restrictive and customers who deserved a loan, who wanted to buy a home could afford it, could not get credit. And I am not -- I don't want to overstate the amount of those folks, but there was that element and I think we've come to a much better place with regulators, with the industry and with customers. But no, we don't have an intention of going back into joint ventures or the wholesale business. We like the business mix we have now.
John Stumpf: So in that article they referred to I think geologic information for 2014 that suggested that we had about $280 million worth of underwriting revenue from energy related activity. So that would be debt and equity underwriting and probably loan syndication fees as well. So that's the order of magnitude. The 17% would refer to that as a percentage of the investment banking revenue -- U.S. investment banking revenue for full year of 2014. So if in terms of at risk or where it goes from here, that's a starting point for last year. And it bounced around between I don't know, $150 million and maybe $300 million over the course of the last several years.
John Stumpf: Oh! The K guy. Well I obviously respect Dick's view and there are different views in the economy, but that being said when I -- and there is volatility clearly. Today, look at retail sales and if I feel differently, so you can feel differently on a day to day basis. But when I look at the businesses that we're in and as I am talking with customers which I am every day and talking with our business leaders and frankly looking at the numbers, 50 consecutive months of employment growth. Unemployment in the five, six range. GDP 5% and will probably have a few quarters this year that start with 3%. So I am optimistic. I don't think -- again I don't think this is a breakout, but I think we're on the front foot and consumer's confidence is at a all time high since the downturn. So the way I read the tea leaves, I'm optimistic.
John Stumpf: Sure, well its loan growth for sure. It's redeployment of excess liquidity into higher yielding earning assets. It will be what the impact is on expenses that we've been talking a lot a little bit, if we do as expected there. And then it's the various sources of fee revenue, which have which reflect quarter to quarter, up year-over-year, but there is a lot of momentum in places like card, places like investment banking, trust and investment fees overall. We just talked about the slightly more bullish case for mortgage this year. All of those are catalysts for growth.
John Stumpf: Thank you. And thanks everybody who joined us today and again Happy New Year to everybody and thanks for your interest in Wells Fargo. See you next quarter.
John Shrewsberry: We're always taking a hard look at expenses. So there is nothing incremental that we would plan on doing there, but continuing to be as vigilant as we have. We've been operating at a pretty strong level in a zero interest rate environment for a very long time and while because of the way our balance sheet is positioned, it would probably be -- there is upside when short term rates move and if that happen later, then that upside might be realized later. We're continuing to position ourselves to compete and to perform in this interest rate environment and so loan growth, deposit growth, redeploying excess liquidity into earning assets, as I said being vigilant on expense, all of those things contribute to the performance that we've had and that we're anticipating continuing to have until that time that rates begin to move.
John Shrewsberry: I think the short answer is yes. if we have robust loan growth going forward all things being equal even, that would contribute to the need for some amount of incremental provisioning. So it's going to be a function of the amount of loan growth, the mix of loan growth, the quality of the portfolio overall and general economic conditions. One thing I would add to Joe's first question also is there is no specific provisioning action in the fourth quarter for what's going on in the energy world. There is nothing anticipated, nothing necessary at the moment, but there is nothing in that quarter either.
John Shrewsberry: With the size of the portfolio, the size of the allowance and the amount of the fourth quarter's release, the $250 million, it's close to call. We've said in the recent past to expect them to taper. Now for the reasons that you mentioned and I described, there could be future releases -- there could be future net provisioning. So we're at that point in the cycle I think.
John Shrewsberry: We can't because of the nature of the contract we have with our customers. You can see the amount of loan growth in the credit card portfolio from quarter to quarter and that's a combination of the organic growth in the Dillard’s portfolio.
John Shrewsberry: Well, some clarity around our liquidity framework, clarity around -- further clarity around LCR, further clarity on what kind of cash versus other HQLA we would need to have. I think that emboldened us a little bit in terms of finding an entry point, but as we've said, these are difficult times for finding attractive entry points into fixed income markets when we're thinking about making that switch.
John Shrewsberry: Sure, well just depending on where the ultimate rule comes out versus the range that's been published, at the low end of the range we've got less to do and at the high end of the range we would have more to do. There is still a lot to know and there is some wood to chop in the regulatory realm to get to the final rule where on the record is pointing out that we really don't -- the industry doesn’t understand the need for the magnitude of the total buffer that's been to our loss absorbing capacity that's been talked about here. We certainly find that it lands a little bit harder on people who seem to have less risky business models. Those of us who are deposit funded with a little bit more straightforward deposit taking and lending type of activity. We would like some clarity on why that makes sense, but however it lands, within the range that's been published, the approach for Wells Fargo is going to be to add more termed at the holding company level and that will have a -- that will have a P&L consequence that we have to navigate through and it will be substantially more manageable at the lower end of the range and somewhat more expensive at the higher end of the range.
John Shrewsberry: Yes. The numbers last time that I've seen from them is $1.1 trillion to $1.2 trillion. Yes, it could be higher based on those things. As I mentioned in my comments with what was done recently in FHA and some of the things that the GSEs are doing and if rates stay low or are favorable, surely we could see more activity and you could see actually more activity on both the refinance side and the purchased-money side. We'll just have to see how that goes, but -- and I don't think there has been any reduction or any update on those numbers from the MBA, but it could the higher end of that range.
John Shrewsberry: Oh, it's a good question. It's substantially rate dependent at this point and loan growth dependent as well because that's the first call in all of our available liquidity is making loans to customers. But if we believe that we're in a lower for longer, long term rate scenario separate that from policy rates for a moment, but just thinking about the tenure and mortgage rates etcetera, at the margin that probably emboldens us a little bit additionally to convert what's cash today into duration over the course of the year. And actually we still have tens of billions available. So there's just a lot of liquidity on the sheet.
John Shrewsberry: So in the case of commercial and corporate loans, it's absolutely that some of the parts have a name by name basis and the risk rating on each loan. We have hundreds of customers in the energy business. They are in the E&P or upstream part of the market. There are midstream companies. There are services companies. We have the largest team in this area, very long tenure. Have been through several cycles and we're working with -- we're building customer by customer and working through each situation to figure out what this job means to them based on their leverage, based on their hedging profile, based on their assets, based on their management capability and that will lead to risk rating changes on a loan by loan basis or a name by name basis as time unfold and it's that activity that would lead to changes in our reserving posture for the portfolio.
John Shrewsberry: On the E&P side of that portfolio, those tend to be reserve based loans, asset based loans with a very interactive approach between the bank and the borrower in terms of determining the value of the collateral and then re-margining the loan down to reflect changes in the value of the collateral and of course that's at our discretion. We have our own engineers and we're very engaged in that process. So all of that -- all of that ties into what the future reserving needs requirements are for that portfolio and as I said, nothing obviously has revealed itself yet and there is nothing in the fourth quarter specifically for that.
John Shrewsberry: So what happened in October wasn’t a change in the product or what we charged for and rather we un-ruled some incremental technology that allows our customers to have more real time information to manage their own baking affairs and they've been using that information and successfully reducing the amount of over-drafting method and which had an impact on our revenue. We think it's very customer friendly and it's good for all of us. That's distinct from any pricing approach or a product approach that we'll have. With respect to -- go ahead.
John Shrewsberry: You asked about short term or payday type lending, I think it's clear that during 2014 we discontinued a product that we used to offer that was a direct deposit advance product that allowed people to borrow on a short term unsecured basis with their next direct deposit pay check as security for a source of repayment for the loan and there was some regulatory urging around that. I think most of the discussion around those types of products is now frankly outside the banking system because it's private financed companies who are providing that and that's how it seems to be doing that with from a regulatory perspective. I would also tell you that the discontinued product is out of the run rate at this point. So the impact has been fully realized.
John Shrewsberry: Hard to say much more about it other its -- we're not in the process of re-pricing or rethinking the product capability. The results that you'll see in our numbers are a reflection of the activity and behavior of our customers as they manage their own baking affairs.
John Shrewsberry: So there is lot of moving parts there and I would look at a multi quarter average to think about how to model it. On the trading side, their customer accommodation, customer facing trading revenue that we make, which is a pretty modest part of Wells Fargo revenue profile, but will probably ebb and flow along the lines of what you're seeing in the industry just at a more modest level. That also -- the trading line also includes the impact of our deferred comp hedging programs. So it's a little noisy given the magnitude of that versus the magnitude of our trading businesses, but those will be with based on industry factors and the deferred comp programs will be more revenue and more expense in an up market and less revenue and less expense in a down market generally speaking. On the other elements, we've got gains from equity securities, gains from debt securities and in the equity space, you've seen some of the businesses that we've been involved in that frankly are -- that continue to be -- are sources of revenue that we would anticipate seeing if market conditions stay the same as they are today. So I wouldn’t model that down too heavily. And on the debt side, given the levels of rates that we're at and in some markets the levels of spreads that we're at, there are some debt securities, which it makes sense for us to sell and monetize from time to time just because their market value substantially exceeds what we can imagine as their intrinsic or certainly their carrying value. So there will be pops in there from time to time as well. And it's some of those things that gets to that collection that you described.
John Shrewsberry: We're very happy and pleased with the progress we've made in that area. One of the biggest opportunities we have is relationship between David Carroll's Wealth, Brokerage and Retirement Group and Carrie Tolstedt's Community Banking Group. We have as many assets away from customers who call us their bank as we do under management right now. So the relationship and the working date of their to bring those assets home if you will, has been a big opportunity for us and -- but I still view this. Of all the opportunities we have in the company, with all of our businesses probably that is our biggest opportunity to jump a curve or to even do -- to show some incremental growth above what you would see in other more mature businesses. So a lot of opportunity there; pleased with where we are, lot more to do.
John Shrewsberry: The biggest thing to call out is the student loan financing that we did. If you saw the portfolio of student loans and we provided some financing to the company who bought those loans and so if one items stands out in the quarter as outsized, it would be that, but those are all commercial loans.
John Shrewsberry: Well this drop in crude is very recent and the companies are taking the appropriate evasive actions to preserve cash, to de-lever, to reduce their expense base etcetera, but it hasn’t worked its way into loan quality. Now loan demand certainly will be down in that area I assume, but in the fourth quarter you can see what the change in growth is out there and net outstandings was which more than makes up for whatever reduced demand there is in the energy space.
John Shrewsberry: Well so the drivers of the revenue oriented portion of increased compensation included a handful of businesses. I would say investment banking was one of them where we were $150 million up in the quarter and so some portion of the elevated expense is attributable to that, but it comes from a few others as well. And again to those businesses that performed better in the fourth quarter, so it could be with 90 different businesses, it can be a little here, a little there. That was part of it. So we find ourselves in the high 58% or now 59% and with a lot of emphasis on trying to be as efficient as we can and how we spend our money every day. There are no guarantees that we're moving toward the middle of the lower end of the range in this interest rate environment and as we go through a full year. While we're tackling the things that we need to tackle, we spend a lot of money on risk management, compliance related initiatives other things that have a regulatory origin and some of that is semi permanent, might be around for several quarters and some of it is going to around the run rate for a while. If rates begin to move up that probably moves us down in the range, but it's frankly a 59%, which is the high end of our range where we can tolerate that. We've been performing very well.
John Shrewsberry: Well I think when we had the range, we knew that we would surely we would love to be at 55%, but we also recognized that that's how we gave a range. These were -- think of as guardrails and we're spending more in cyber today. We're spending more on all things risk. On the other hand, we've not yet pulled out all of our expenses around loss mitigation. We continue to make investments in distribution. So I guess a range is a range and I can't guarantee with the lower end, but if we were at the high end that's also acceptable. In our mind, if we're making the right investments, in the right things and eliminating expenses where we think they can be eliminated. So that's how we feel about it.
John Shrewsberry: They've ticked up in the terms of we continue to make more investments there and we're starting to get the annualization of expenses we made last year. And we'll get more efficient in that over time, but we're spending -- we're spending the money we think we need to spend. And sometimes that's hiring consultants and then over time you can convert whatever they're doing to team members, which tends to be more efficient, you're not as efficient in every process, the minute you adopted it or employ it, but more money has been spent there.
John Shrewsberry: It's just math. What we've been growing hasn’t been that extraordinary in terms of its incremental contribution to the way that it average because the denominators is big as it is. If we continue to deploy as I know you know, if we continue deploying in this environment, ultimately it will start to skew down the way it averaged return and also we've been tending to invest in treasury and agency securities and just from a credit quality point of view, that's going to bring down returns, setting aside the historical book yields versus current book yields and the shape of the current when the investments were made. If we've got corporates and munis and some other things in the starting portfolio, if we're just adding U.S. treasuries, it's going to bring things down, but it just hasn’t revealed itself yet because the numbers haven’t been big enough yet.
John Shrewsberry: I think that's right. We're in fiercely competitive markets. Not every bit of composition is in the last phase. It's point of spread on a loan. Sometimes it's in the structure of a loan and of course there are places we'll back away from when that happens, but it is competitive, but it hasn’t all shown up in price.
John Shrewsberry: It depends on the pace of continued deposit inflows and how that gets redeployed. If deposits remain steady where they are, then the loan growth and the redeployment from cash into investment securities is going to be very supportive of the Inco. If we get keep getting high single-digit or even low double-digit deposit growth and it doesn’t make and loan growth isn’t happening at the same pace where redeploying into investment securities doesn’t make sense at the same pace, then the math is going to put pressure on that calculation. And as you know, that's not a calculation we're managing to. It's an outcome of the other things that we're doing, but the driver there is the growth in deposit and how you responsibly deploy that into either loans or securities in the same timeframe that the deposits are coming in.
John Shrewsberry: Well we're doing a lot of work in all those things, but the so called paperless store and doing real time cash letters and helping customers with real-time information not understanding which channel they're involved. And so I would say all the above is important. What we've found, which is interesting is that our most loyal customers today are ones who use the channels most often and the most types of channels. So even for those customers who are very advanced technology and use of technology, ease of technology who might be dominant in that channel, still visit stores on a infrequent but regular basis. They go to ATMs. So there is lots of things. And we're making -- some of the investments we're making is to set up an appointment with the banker using your technology. We're testing things about being able to authenticate customers knowing they are in the stores, working on things that would authenticate an ATM machine, maybe using your mobile on. So there is mobile devices, so there is just lots of things going on there. And we're actually leaning a lot of those things from retailers and other service providers outside of our industry. So pretty exciting stuff.
John Shrewsberry: Well I think about less or an expense ratio, but these are more than table -- while they're table stakes in some cases, if you don't have a mobile offering, you're probably not going to serve most millennials today. But we think of it more than table stakes. We think it's a big reason why we're growing net new primary tech new account where we're 5% a year. The positive growth we've had clearly is a result of -- partially a result of our distribution model and the Omni channel view we have of these various channels, not separate businesses, but combined into really centric around the customer needs and convenience. And our growth is I think reflective of our commitment to that.
John Shrewsberry: Well I don't want to speak about a particular situation, but I'll just give you this. 16 years ago, we didn't have an online offering. Today over 80% of the customers are actively online, some 28 million or 24 million customers actively online on the consumer side. Five years ago we didn't have a mobile offering. Today we have over 14 million customers on that. I mean mobile is the fastest growing, fastest adopted channel we've had in our history of our company. And the things that customers can now do mobally and the things that they’ll be able to do in the next year or two as we continue to introduce new capabilities is really exciting. So watch for this. It's really important.
John Shrewsberry: I think knowing what we know about the economy today, we feel better about the next four quarters than couple of the last four quarters. So if the most recent quarter is the continuation of a two quarter trend, then yes, we'll probably have higher loan growth or higher amounts originated. Now if the denominator keeps growing as we grow the size of the portfolio and at some point the rate gets impacted by that. But yes, it feels like a good year for loan growth.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, we don't lay out quite that way. You'll see in our tables what we're talking about, but its treasuries and agencies you know the timeframe and I can tell you we're in the intermediate part of the curve. So that will probably get you there.
John Shrewsberry: But Eric even though we're at the high end of the range now, one should not assume that it's not top of mind around here, it is. It is. It range top of mind and it's always looking for opportunities to be more efficient, but also continue to invest in the future because we do have a long term view.
John Shrewsberry: So that financing probably comes down over the course of next couple of years on a relatively steep curve as the portfolio gets permanently financed into student loan ABS and so my expectation I think the reasonable expectation is that it's average life would be maybe a little bit more than a year as it comes down.
John Shrewsberry: So what happened in the fourth quarter is both the impact of the extender legislation that came in at the end of the year as well as the resolution of some discrete matters that we've been working on with the various taxing authorities for some period of time. I would look at recent prior years for what the reason of what a good expectation is for a tax rate going forward.
John Shrewsberry: So our target is 55% to 75% and you saw that it bounced around during the course of the four quarters of 2014 for a few reasons. One of them is that we do more share issuance in connection with our benefit plans in the first half of the year and so it drives down the net payout ratio. The first call on our capital is to be available to support more loan growth on behalf of our customers. So the capital deployment horse is out in front of the net payout cart and that's important to remember because we're not hoping that we have enough to support the business growth after we think about distribution. We're making sure we have enough to support the business growth and then we're factoring in distribution behind that. So we anticipate continuing to operate in the range quarter by quarter, 55% to 75% and the fourth quarter was a high take on that in the 70s.
