John Shrewsberry: It’s a good question, and I’d say the answer is we’re not impacted in the same way as some of the other banks who have gone to the measures that they have announced to discourage those types of deposits. We’re not constrained by the leverage ratio at this point. We’re not meaningfully impacted by institutional non-operational deposits in our GSIB score, and so we’re serving institutional customers and in some cases taking their deposits if it makes sense in the context of the bigger relationship, but we’re not in the same position as the couple of banks who have had to go out of their way to drive down either leverage--change their leverage outcome or drive down their GSIB score. So we will--we’re thinking about those relationships in a way where we can do the most good for Wells Fargo shareholders, so if other people are charging more or are consolidating business activity to be willing to take those deposits, there’s an opportunity for us to improve our business with those same types of customers, but it’s not quite as urgent because we don’t have those problems.
John Shrewsberry: Well, that would be one way to do it. An increase in rates, which would have an increase in revenue without a lot of associated expense, would do that. There are other ways to move a little bit lower in the range, depending on the mix of where revenue comes from and the initiatives that we have to manage expenses. But we’re comfortable in the range, we’re at the higher end of the range today, which is still an industry-leading level, and these other folks who are enacting their efficiency plans are coming towards us so we’re going to keep doing what we’re doing.
John Shrewsberry: So serving our customers and deploying our capital in that way is the first call on our capital. We’re trying to grow earning assets with customers with cross-sell benefit and create new and bigger relationships with customers that we have. So certainly a certain amount of that factored into our capital plan, so that we are imagining doing that while returning capital to shareholders at a high level; but if the landscape were to shift so that the opportunity became more meaningful for us to originate more assets and in some cases acquire more assets that are good for us, then I think we’d be looking long and hard at that.
John Shrewsberry: And the trick, of course, is to only take advantage of investment opportunities that are capable of generating the kind of return on equity that we’ve been generating, and to keep distributions up to keep our capital level at the point - you use the term optimized - so that we’re not carrying excess capital that’s harder to produce that return on. That’s the balance.
John Shrewsberry: Well, I think every large bank has a slightly different business mix, and so whatever accounts for their loan growth is going to be unique to them. In our case, because we’ve done such a good job at attracting retail households and attracting wholesale relationships that are bringing meaningful liquidity in, deposit growth has been outpacing loan growth for some time, and it would take a big move in loan growth - which could include utilization of existing credit facilities or incremental funded loans - in order to catch up with that. It would have to be in a higher economic growth environment, I think, for loan growth to get into the 9% range, which is where deposits have been. Now, if we’re buying portfolios of loans like we are in the next couple of quarters, that will certainly have an impact on that, but that’s not probably something that you would project into the future at that same pace. So I don’t see that turning around in the near term.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, we’re continuing to--we’re always looking for ways to be, as John said, as efficiency as we can and to make the most of every dollar we spend. At the same time, now is the time when there are big demands in information security and compliance and risk management, and so if we’re finding dollars on the efficiency side of the ledger, we’re reinvesting them either in products and services for our customers or in becoming best-in-class across all risk management aspects. So that’s probably going to keep us here at the higher end of the range, unless we have a breakout in some revenue category or we have an increase in rates, which is fine. At 58, 59%, it’s still an attractive level to be performing at, and we’re improving our company every day.
John Shrewsberry: Yeah, well there’s a little bit of preferred left to leg into our capital plan, but not much. And of course, there might be more if there’s RWA growth and the whole capital stack expands pro rata. I think we’re at 149 basis points of preferred today, and our target is 150, so we’re pretty close there. But if we grow RWA, then there’s an opportunity for more of that. The big job to do is going to be on the senior unsecured side, and so we need to know what the total quantum is as a result of where we end up in the 16 to 20 range as a base. We need to know what’s included and excluded, and there’s still things on that list that are being resolved both in the international and domestic standard. And then, we need to know the exact phase-in period, which we think we know. So when you look at those calculations with what we have maturing or otherwise running off, and then as I mentioned growth in RWA, that will lead us to what our annual issuance has to be to get there on time when the rule is final.
John Shrewsberry: So the yield on the portfolio looks a lot like our commercial real estate portfolio today, because the loans look a lot like our commercial real estate loan portfolio today, and it’s not coming over with material expense. I think we probably will have to add some small number of incremental people, but as you know, we’re the largest commercial real estate lender in the U.S. today and we’ve got a big, seasoned team all over the country that’s close to borrowers and close to properties. That’s the core team that will be managing the portfolio. If we’re adding people, it’s in the tens or maybe dozens of incremental professionals in order to help with asset management, but not a big number in the context of the size of the portfolio.
John Shrewsberry: Well, there is still meaningful improvement in first mortgage in particular. You’ve seen charge-offs - they continue to come down, NPLs are down. The portfolio is performing very, very well, so as a result, there was room to take stock of what we think the issues are with the energy portfolio and end up with a net reserve release - a modest one, but a net reserve release. So it’s quarter by quarter, we’ll look at it at the end of the second quarter and see what the numbers tell us, but things do continue to improve.
John Shrewsberry: The best way to think about the remainder of the year tax rate is to take the $359 million discrete tax benefit out of the first quarter and then recalculate the tax rate, which would get you to the mid-32s.
John Shrewsberry: So the big Q4 to Q1 change is that we closed the sale of the student loan portfolio in Q4, which created a big C&I loan that happened toward the end of the quarter, so the step-up there was from a pretty elevated place. That has an impact in the calculation. I think in the first quarter, we feel good. Pipelines look pretty good. We’ve talked to the leadership of the business and people are active, so from one quarter to the next, tough to tell. The year-over-year trend in C&I loans is really, really healthy, and then that step-up calculation is a little disadvantageous just to the math, but business is good.
John Shrewsberry: It’s hard to say. It would be--the mortgage business that we’re looking at right now, we’re talking about national statistics. I guess obviously when we’re talking about affordability and particularly for first-time home buyers or people who are most likely to benefit from the easing of the credit box that John just referred to, they probably would have the hardest time in the hottest markets, which - no surprise - are coastal markets and big cities, sitting here in San Francisco and many of you in New York. So things are more affordable in the middle of the country. That wouldn’t come as any surprise. Most of what we’re referring to is the national pipeline and statistics, and as far as I can tell, the production is pretty balanced from our various mortgage offices.
John Shrewsberry: Nancy, a couple of data points I’d give you, just to help you dimension it. If you look at Wells Fargo compared to the peer group on the risks that we run, that we report in our 10-Qs and 10-K, we’ve got a more modest set of trading businesses with a very low risk profile, at least as measured by VAR, which is the popular public version of that. Our investment banking fees, while we’re thrilled and happy to have them, amount to a couple billion dollars a year, something like that, on a $90 billion revenue base. I think this quarter we were in the $420 million, $430 million range for trading revenue, which is appropriate for the needs that we have, for customer accommodation, and for managing our own risks. But still, in the scheme of a $1.7 trillion balance sheet, the equity that we carry, and $90 billion worth of revenue, it’s just another one of or a couple of the 90-plus businesses that we refer to, and it’s not imagined to grow in an outsized way from where it is today. We’re always trying to do more, serve customers better. We have great people, but if we--imagine we doubled the size of the business over some period of time while the firm grew at it steady organic rate. We’d still be in a relatively modest percentage of the overall firm.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, so the first quarter was at about 2%, a little more - 2.06%, which is the high end of the five-quarter range, and the second quarter is operating in that neighborhood, so we feel like we’re going to be at the high end of the range in the second quarter as well.
John Shrewsberry: Yeah, I don’t know if it’s a mix of going after as much as a mix of what’s coming in. We’ve been very consistent, as you said. What happens when rates pop down and refis spike up is that our own servicing portfolio results in a lot more applications because the easiest thing for somebody to do when they want to take advantage of a rate rally is call Wells Fargo, because we probably already have their mortgage. So that’s going to have a bigger influence on a strategy that we might have around correspondent, and I think you can see in the supplement that retail was $28 billion and correspondent $20 billion of this quarter’s activity. That’s not an inconsistent blend versus the last several quarters. There are more correspondents these days, as you know, that go direct to the agencies because the agencies have opened the window to them, and that’s also a lower margin business for us, so all things being equal, we’re happy to be a retail lender but we do serve a big correspondent constituency.
John Shrewsberry: Yes, I wouldn’t look towards mortgage. I would look towards risk management and investments that we’re making along those lines. The beauty about mortgage in the first quarter was that this refi pipeline helps use the capacity that we would have needed in the fourth quarter and we anticipate needing in the second quarter, so it was a greater level of utilization. For better or for worse, the changes in year-over-year are a variety of other things, including business mix, by the way, in terms of how commissions get paid and other revenue-related incentives. But it would be that plus investments made in compliance and risk management, cyber and information security, things like that. Those are--we have the best people and those are not inexpensive.
John Shrewsberry: I don’t have an accurate number. I think we’ve talked about $100 million a quarter, a couple quarters ago as having been an observable increase in that category, and it’s not any lower than that today. Maybe we’ll see if next time around we can put a finer point on that.
John Shrewsberry: There was a little bit of downward migration, not enough to meaningfully drive the reserve. There was a little bit of an increase in NPAs, but negligible, and we realized minimal losses in the quarter in the energy portfolio.
John Shrewsberry: But the change in reserve reflects all of the actual migration, the actual observation of performance in the energy portfolio.
John Shrewsberry: I’d have to say yes. I mean, we’re in the middle of our spring redetermination process for the borrowing base loans, so we’ll have a better feeling afterwards. We have noticed a lot of capital raising going on in the space. We talked last quarter about the risk to our investment banking income around energy-related firms, because we’re large in that space, and we had a great first quarter in energy investment banking because lots of equity was raised, lots of firms went to the debt market to turn themselves out. So that’s a very positive sign - there’s people taking steps and changing their balance sheets and improving their risk profile, so that and the combination of where the forward curve demonstrates that energy prices might be going is helpful. But again, that’s reflected in our early view of our allowance and it will be better informed once we finish our borrowing base redeterminations.
John Shrewsberry: Actually, I think that’s a pretty astute observation, because we would be valuing the MSR on prepayment expectations, which reflect that lower interest rate, and we haven’t taken the gain on the pipeline and what’s locked and slated to close in the second quarter.
John Shrewsberry: It’s a good observation, but it’s tough to say. We look at that calculation regularly, but in connection with our preparation of our financial statements on a quarterly basis, and take everything into account that’s available then, and that’s when we strike the value.
John Shrewsberry: Tough to know. We don’t know what hasn’t happened yet, and that’s what’s going to--the applications that will be received and pulled through in the quarter, so too early to speculate.
John Shrewsberry: It’s more PCI loan recoveries and lower loan fees than competitive pricing pressure. Those things that we call the variable components of interest income are harder to predict, and when a loan gets resolved that’s been sitting in workout, sometime it comes through the margin line, and then if a loan prepays or there is loan fee hung up in its carrying value, then that sometimes comes through interest income as well. It’s those types of items that are tough to plan for, tough to budget, and in this particular quarter were lower than in prior quarters.
John Shrewsberry: It’s too tough to call, because it depends on what happens with deposit growth, it depends on what happens with loan growth, and then other investments that we make in the securities portfolio. That’s what’s going to drive it. It’s led by what happens to deposit growth, and of course if there were a move in interest rates, that would have an impact as well. We’re not trying to forecast it in this instance.
John Shrewsberry: Tough to call, because it depends on the mix. We’ve got a variety of commercial and consumer asset types here that each have their own market and cyclical dynamics. I think we expect cards were probably at a seasonal low in the first quarter, so between seasonality and issuing new cards, that business probably grows. Auto, we’ve kept--it’s grown but kept relatively stable. It’s gotten to be a more competitive market, and we’ve picked our spots, I think, a little bit more delicately. In commercial real estate, it’s going to be tough to spot the organic component of it because the purchase of the GE portfolio and this incremental loan to Blackstone Mortgage Trust is going to have a big impact in the second and third quarters. But if I’d add anything to that, it’s that now the competitive dynamic in commercial real estate lending is a little bit different because a big competition is exiting the business. That probably means something for us organically, if that’s helpful.
John Shrewsberry: You know, we don’t call it out specifically. We capture the whole portfolio in our overall allowance for loan losses and feel that that is absolutely adequate for the loan book that we have, which incidentally has never been better overall. Oil and gas loans are approximately 2% of the total portfolio.
John Stumpf: That’s correct. And Erika, the other thing that I know you’re aware of, we love the entire relationships, so surely on the retail side but it’s even true on the wholesale side. When we become the primary account holder, or think of it as a financial partner with a customer and deposits lead with that, good things happen. So that’s all part of serving customers broadly and deeply.
John Stumpf: But we’re not standing still. We watch every expense around here as we repurpose dollars we save into things that we have to invest in.
John Stumpf: As far as the return on capital to shareholders, I think our record speaks for itself, and I know John mentioned it in his comments that we very much appreciate investment our shareholders have made in us and that we’re stewards of their capital, and returning as much of that as is prudent is what we plan on doing and want to do. There is no reason for us just to keep adding capital. On the other hand, first call is to grow the business, as John mentioned, and we will return as much, as I mentioned, as we prudently can, as you just saw recently with our increase in our dividend, or at least the ability to increase the dividend.
John Stumpf: In fact, these are some of the strongest deposit growth years I’ve seen in my 30-some years with the company, and I think it’s partly because of the way we work together as a company, our distribution, the convenience we provide for customers, our focus on this. So it’s been very strong, and all signs are that we’ll continue to have a very strong deposit growth profile.
John Stumpf: They're a great customer, and we’re trying to continue to help them and work together like we did here. They mentioned in their announcement that there is more to do, and we’ll go through in any way that we can be helpful to them in ways that our good for our shareholders as well. So there is opportunity there - I can’t really be specific about it because there are competitive processes at work, and this is their balance sheet, after all. But we will definitely be working closely together to see if there are other ways that we can help them.
John Stumpf: But Ken, I think we should also add that while there is still more improvement to be had on residential, on the other hand our commercial side has been close to or even in a recovery position. That won’t last forever, so there is always pushes and pulls here, but overall credit is really, really doing well here. That’s an industry phenomenon, but especially here at Wells.
John Stumpf: Yes, here’s how we think about that. We start out with a customer, and customers tell us branches are important. We hear that every day, and while our other channels are growing - in fact, if you think about the 12,000 consumer interactions we have a minute in this company, 80% or so are what I would call digitally supported, either let’s say online or mobile, and mobile being our fastest growing. But our stores, our 6,200 stores are still busy. Seventy-five percent of our customers come into a store once every six months, even millennials or our most advanced on the digital side visit our stores, visit ATMs. But 85% of our growth sales happen there, providing solutions, so it doesn’t mean we have to build 5,000 or 6,000 square foot stores. As you probably know and we’ve talked in the past, we’ve tried some different concepts where we have 1,000 square foot stores that at night become an ATM vestibule and in the daytime the walls fold in and it becomes a full functioning, digitally-enabled store. We’re doing that kind of thing, but our most loyal customer today is not necessarily the one who has the most products, it’s the customer who does the most things with us, uses the most channels most often. So there is a--and we’re increasingly becoming an information provider. We’re in the information business as much as on the retail we’re in the financial services business, so this is really about connecting all the channels, not about trying to drive customers into what’s cheaper for us. That’s not how we think about that. We think about what’s best for them, and branches still remain an enormously important part in that.
John Stumpf: Well Joe, since we’re a big retail originator, that’s obviously a big opportunity for us. Your question would suggest that the first-time home buyer had been a bit absent in this recovery compared to what it’s been in previous recoveries, but I think some of the work that the industry did along with the GSCs in understanding put-back risk and transfer of risk makes credit a little bit more available. There is a little bit more activity going on, wage increases and increases in employment, that have been helpful. Affordability is really--you know, it’s a good time to buy a home, so you never know. We’re hopeful - we’re going into the quarter with the highest pipeline - $44 billion - that we’ve had in a couple years, so we’re well positioned and we’ll have to see what the numbers show, but we’re running on faith here.
John Stumpf: Mike, just a couple things that you probably already know, as John mentioned, there are certain markets where the biggest challenge for housing is lack of inventory. Still, the entire Bay Area is a bid market where you bid for houses, you--I mean, my daughter and son-in-law bought a house recently. You have to write a letter and tell them how nice you are and how many children you have. A nice letter plus a lot of money will get you in the bidding process. That’s not true, of course, everywhere, but I was in Miami recently and that market, it’s stunning how that market is really doing so well. You would have looked back six years ago and you couldn’t imagine what’s going on today. So it just depends, and it’s a bit about what’s happening in those local economies. In the Bay Area, of course, what’s happening in migration technology and so forth has really created a lot of activity here. So it’s a bit of a mixed bag, but all in all, we’re optimistic about the second quarter here.
John Stumpf: Yes, we have--the first one there was NoMa - north of Massachusetts, and we had a second. Now we’re doing a couple others in other markets, but I don’t want to suggest for a minute that you’ll see 6,200 NoMa’s with 1,000 square feet across the franchise. I think it’s a bit of everything, meaning that there is some hub and spoke where you have a larger established branch or store that’s been there for many years, and then you have others around that maybe wouldn’t be as large. You have some like the case in north of Massachusetts where you couldn’t get 5,000 square feet, and 1,000 square feet is optimal for that market. So this is really about looking at our distribution, and what we call actually health of your distribution - are you in the right location with the right hours, the right people, the right footprint, and does the store or the branch work in concert with all the other channels of distribution so customers can start transactions one place, finish another place. Is there ubiquity, is there one version of the truth around information, and how customers serve themselves or want service from us. So it’s a whole bunch of things that really matter in this, and I think the proof in the pudding is our ability to grow primary checking accounts. I’ve never seen growth of 5.7%, and like John mentioned, it’s not that we overpay on deposits - 9 basis points. I mean, this is the magic of how this thing all works together.
John Stumpf: Yeah, at one time--this goes back a number of years. In 1998 when the former Norwest, the side of the family I came from, and Wells merged, Wells was hugely indexed - over-indexed to grocery stores. We’ve been adjusting that since that time, but again we think of it density within a market, and sometimes to fill out that density it’s a freestanding ATM machine, sometimes it’s in-store, sometimes it’s a NoMa 1,000 square foot, so it all fits into what we call the S-curve. Maybe I’ll just digress for a second. If a community has, let’s say, 500 banking locations, that’s optimal for a community, and you have 20% of those - 100, and that’s the optimal amount, you’ll actually get more than 20% of the business. You’ll get 25% of the business because certain competitors will have 10% of the stores and they’ll get 8% of the business. So there is a magic to the density and where the density is and how it works together, and that’s just part of our learnings after many, many years. So sometimes grocery stores fit into that, sometimes they don’t. It surely would not be a lead-only strategy, but as an augment, it’s very powerful.
John Stumpf: Yes, it’s a good question. We think of customers--and Nancy, I’ll get to the specific question, but the way we think about business here is around relationships, relationships with team members. My 11 direct reports have 28 years with the company. We think of relationships with our customers, our communities, our shareholders. Buffett’s been an owner of ours for 25 years. We love long-term things, so as it gets to investment banking activities, we think of that as another solution, another product, another service. Most of the revenue that comes from that business is from existing customers who have been doing business for a long, long time. When you are the number one middle market bank, when you have leadership positions in energy and ag and commercial real estate, and you do business with 80-plus or 90% of the Fortune 500, you’re going to get opportunities to serve customers deeply and broadly. If that means that through our skills and our people and our value proposition that customers, corporate customers want us to help them with valuation, issuing debt, issuing equity - wonderful. If we’re not good enough to get that and they go someplace else, we just have to work harder. So I don’t really look at lead tables. I guess I read where--in fact, I read for the first time when I read the Journal that we were number seven or eight or nine - I can’t remember the number it was. I could have cared less, absolutely cared less. I only care that we do the right thing for customers, and if that means that we’re moving up - terrific. If that means that others are growing faster because they’re taking risks or doing things that don’t make sense to us, God bless them. So that’s how we think about it, not as a standalone business, as one more way to help customers succeed.
John Stumpf: And Nancy, the risk really would be if you ever saw where the market is shrinking, let’s say in investment banking or capital markets, and we’re outsized growing because we’re taking on risks with customer relationships that we had not known, that’s where you see the imbalance. That’s, again, just not who we are.
John Stumpf: There’s a lot more discipline this time around, Nancy, with gain on sale margins, as you well know because you’ve seen this industry over a long time, so--and that’s a healthy thing.
John Stumpf: And Matt, if you go back in time, we actually had a larger share of the correspondent because there was a number of competitors who backed away, walked away from that market, who come and go from time to time. So that will ebb and flow as participants either stay in or get out, or whatever.
John Stumpf: Yeah, our real focus is on generating growth in net interest income, and the margin is more the result, not the reason.
John Stumpf: Okay, this concludes our call, so thanks. I especially want to thank you to all 265,000 team members for a very, very good first quarter, and thanks for all of you on the line. We will see you next quarter. Bye bye.
