John Stumpf: I want to take a shot at that, Chris. On the mortgage side, most of what we did in the second quarter on the first mortgage was refinances. And there is not a geographic bias to that, per se. But what we’re seeing is, as we mentioned, and Howard talked about, it’s more portfolio unique than geographic specific. So the growth we’re seeing is, for example, in autos, we’re seeing it there. We’re seeing some of our small business; we’re seeing some more activity there. Student lending and so forth, but I wouldn’t – there’s not a geographic bias that would stand out. 
John Stumpf: I think we’ve said in the past that we’re getting close and it would not surprise me that – I mean, if you look at the acceleration of our growth, you can make your own assumptions about that. But you know, the issue there is, the inflows have been significantly reduced. The key is for us to get the outflows going faster and that is somewhat impeded by regulatory and other issues related to – especially in the residential side, State issues. 
John Stumpf: Well, we have said that, you know, we first stared out saying that we thought the cost was somewhere in the $8 billion range. We took that down to $5 billion. We think it’s going to be something more than that; Howard shared those numbers. And we expect those costs to be used up or completed at the time of the merger completion, which is the end of 2011.
John Stumpf: Yeah, but not as much, John. It’s more of what Howard just said. We take a look at this emergence period and – but this should be expected. I mean, when we were going through this last year on the other side of the curve, we knew this would be the case. And that’s – 
John Stumpf: Well, a couple of things. I think we announce all at the same time, we want to be relevant and be able to provide products and services where our customers live and work. And when you add another 3,500 or 3,300 stores in the East, you know, we had the distribution. Secondly, some of the product, or one product, the debt consolidation product that we were doing, we really weren’t doing much of it. So if you look at the rest of the things we were doing, we were doing those in other channels, we can do it more efficiently, provide a more consistent experience for the customer. So it all – it was a very obvious thing to do. We think about 100 years of experience, we’ll still have that experience in a lot of our other distribution channels. It just – we can do it, again, more efficiently and more effectively for customers. 
John Stumpf: What’s your simple question? I don’t have the number here in front of me, Mike, but it’s relatively unchanged with perhaps maybe a tad better given both the increase in commitments as well as some early signs of demand on the commercial side in the second quarter. 
John Stumpf: But Mike, think of it this way, there’s also offsets to that. We’re taking higher loses in that portfolio right now, and there’s more costs of managed net portfolio. So it’s not like – it is an exhaustable resource, but I wouldn’t think of it in terms of well, there’s – this is good news, and that good news ends some times. There’s also some bad news that also will end as we work through this portfolio. 
John Stumpf: But I’d also say we were conservative at the time, but I’ve got to tell you, and you know some of our people, Mike, we have just terrific people working on these portfolios. If you know the time that Dave Hoyt and his team spends on these sort of things, the same way we’re spending time on the Pick-A-Pay, it’s all hands on deck. 
John Stumpf: Yes. $1.8 is Pick-A-Pay, that had no impact on second quarter income, but will accrete into income over roughly an eight-year period. Whereas on the commercial side, the recovery, if you will, was immediately an income. 
John Stumpf: You know, Nancy, that’s already happening. In fact, if you would look at the Wells Fargo traditional store network, you call franchise, store network, not all those customers are prime customers to begin with. In fact, we’ve been serving them for a number of years. This way we can serve them even better, more consistently, and we’re taking a lot of the front-room folks, the sales folks from our Wells Fargo Financial system, that’s now being eliminated and putting them in our stores. And yes, we are trying to sell them other things, help them succeed financially. And we actually get, in the last year or so, some tests on this, and it works very, very well. So that gave us the confidence that we could do that in our banking stores. 
John Stumpf: Nancy, I’d answer it this way. Everything that has been done in the financial stores except for the debt consolidation portfolio loans will be done someplace else, and they’re being done right now. And frankly, in the last year or two, we were doing almost zero debt-consolidation loans in the portfolio anyhow. So we’re just not losing that much and the game is, we think, significant in that you bring financial bankers who are really good at loans into our stores to help our store people become better at loans, and their people help them become better at opening up checking accounts and stuff like that. So I see this as win. Better for customers, better for team members, and better for shareholders. And I don’t see the downside here. 
John Stumpf: The stores have been shut down as we speak. I mean, Gary Tolset [ph] has worked with Dave Cromie [ph] and Kevin Ryne [ph] on that team about people’s migrations and so forth. So think of it as third quarter. 
John Stumpf: Sure. You know, there are parts of Reg Reform that they really got right. And I want to compliment those who are involved in that, things like the systemic risk regulator. You know, a way to unwind large systematically important firms, in regards have that on the banking side, commercial banks, but they didn’t have it on Financial Services and Consumer Protection. Well have to see how the bureau works. But the conflict around consumers should be able to buy products from providers who have proper regulation. We think that – and a level playing field, that’s all good.  On the part that there’s a big omission here in the Reform Bill, and there’s nothing in there, not one word about the GSEs, Fannie and Freddie. And you can ask any America and they would say housing was, if it wasn’t at the epicenter of what happened it was very close to it. And who are the two biggest players there, Fannie and Freddie.  So now with respect to preemption, they got it mostly right. I think it could have been even better for Americans but they got it pretty close there and that’s why I’m hopeful that as we see it work in reality, that it will continue to provide products and services across the country, consumers can live, and work, and borrow, and use ATM machines, and understand that there’s consistent laws across the land. And of course, I don’t see how debit card fees between banks and merchants had anything to do with what happened in the last couple of years as a downturn. So you know, we’re still working through the impacts of that.  So think of it this way. There are things that we agree with and we think will make the industry and the country stronger. There are things that weren’t tackled that need to be tackled in some way, shape, or form, and there’s things that I don’t understand how it impacted the downturn, and frankly, I don’t agree with parts of it. 
John Stumpf: You know, again, it’s so early, you know, we’ve always been here at this company strongly aligned with the interest of our consumers. I’ve been asked this question a thousand times, what did you see in real estate that other did not that caused you not to make negative M option arms. And we said, we didn’t see a downturn coming. We just knew it wasn’t good for consumers. And we’ve always been guided by that. So how the Bureau works, who’s named, that’s all stuff for another day and we’ll just continue to do what’s right here, and I’m sure that we’ll be able to adopt our, and work with whatever the outcome is. 
John Stumpf: But Paul, you do raise, I think, and I don’t know if this is part of your question, but there might be a point in time that we have a view that rates can’t go much lower and they’re going to go up. We might have a bias, we might take a company view that rates will go up and in those times, we might decide to not as fully hedge based on that view. But I mean, we sat here just a quarter ago and rates were 100 point higher. People said at that time it couldn’t go any lower. And it went 100 basis points lower. And so you know, the goal there on the MSR is not to – it’s really a risk management activity and it’s not, you know, so that’s the reason for the hedge. We might have a bias one way or another, but it’s predominately about risk management. 
John Stumpf: Yeah, but you know, actually refinance volumes have jumped quite a bit recently. I mean, there’s some activity there. On the other hand, you’re right, that not everyone can refinance because of the loan-to-value requirements. But if you’re interested in a longer conversation on this we will surely arrange for that. But I think it’s pretty obvious. We have a set of $9 million or so customers who we make 25 basis points on the servicing, which is – we discount that back, we put an asset on our balance sheet. We think that asset is conservatively valued, like you said, 70-some basis points, the lowest in the industry. In fact, I think it’s the lowest we’ve ever had it because rates are so low.  So we still have a few more questions from the line. We’ll try to take one from a few more people. 
John Stumpf: Well, Joe, all I can tell you is what I read because I don’t know a lot more than that. You know, the Bosal [ph] 3, of course, you know, there’s lots of discussion going on about that. I would expect that it’s in the interest of the banks in the US, our economy, and the world that there be a resolution on that sooner than later. I don’t know where those numbers are going to go, but there has to be some call about how much capital is enough. Hopefully whoever makes the call relates it to the risk inherent in the companies, you know, one sizes does not fit all here. I can tell you in our company’s case, our Tier 1 is now higher than it’s ever been in my 30 years with the company, or 29 years with the company. Our Tier 1 common now is as high as it’s ever been. We’re generating it at very rapid pace. And frankly, it’s time we start rewarding our owners, our stockholders with a more representatives dividend given the performance of this company. And that’s Job 1 around here. We want to get that done. Joe Morford – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. 
John Stumpf: Well, you know, as we mentioned, Matt, we’ve got a lot of things in various stages of thought and development on expenses. We’re still committed to realizing the $5 billion of annual savings from the consolidation. We talked about the Wells Fargo Financial; we’ve put some estimates into the public on the potential positive impact of that, and timing of that going forward. And as I said, we’ve got a variety of other things that are going on that are just in very early stages of development, I would say. As we know more, I can put some specificity around that. We’ll disclose more of that. 
John Stumpf: But the two are really not as connected as you might thing. So you have your integration and it costs money to change systems, to change signs and all the things, and you have your savings. So it wouldn’t be the right analysis to say you’re through 80% of your conversion, you should have 80% of your savings. Those two are really not as connected as you might think they are. 
John Stumpf: Well, you know, when you have, in our case, we have two companies and you only need one CEO, you need one head of retail, one head of operations, you know, those kinds of things you make some of those changes very quickly. If you have a systems conversion that’s necessary to consolidate two branches, then yeah, you can have – you spend the money first. You consolidate the systems, and then the savings come when you actually mush the branches together. But as I say, in this case, we’re converting the Nation’s system of systems and the bulk of the work effort there is connected with the non-overlapping states. So you have to do the work and the benefit, as I said, will be all the revenue synergies and all the other goodies that come along with having everybody on the same system. 
John Stumpf: Thank you. I want to thank off of you for joining us. We very much appreciate your time, and we’ll see you next quarter. 
Howard Atkins: Well, the key thing on NIM, as we’ve said for a long time, is deposit. So the more we keep growing the deposits, that’s going to be beneficial to the NIM. You know, the earning asset composition, in part is going to be a reflection of whether loan demand comes back more vigorously, which we would all like to see. We began to see signs of that in the second quarter in both commercial and to a lesser extent in consumer. So we hope that continues.  And you know, the mortgage, the MSB portfolio is going to be a function of whether yields are appropriate to add to the portfolio. But this way, we don’t run the company around the NIM. The NIM is what it is. If we like MSB yields, and at some point in time we will, and we have huge capacity to add those, it might be negative to the NIM, but be positive to income. That would be the right thing to do. So the NIM is not the goal here. 
Howard Atkins: It depends on the deposit growth, Betsy. The purpose of the MSB portfolio is really to match off against our long-duration liabilities, and the more deposit grow, we get a little longer on the right-hand side of the balance sheet. We could get to a point where just to manage the risk of that we want to add to the MSB portfolio, but absent that, we’re very focused on long-term yields and that’s what we’ll stay focused on. 
Howard Atkins: Well, you know, I think, Betsy, in that case it’s all about performance. So we look at the cash flows and we look at how those portfolios are performing. And I think we shared a lot of detail at the investor conference and I think there was a lot of confidence in how we’re managing that. And we will continue to make that analysis, and you know how that works. If we take the benefits over the remaining life, and if we miss on the other side, we have to put reserves up right away. So we want to be absolutely sure as we go through this process that we’re sure on the performance of those portfolios. But the biggest amount left relates to the Pick-A-Pay and we probably have most confidence there about how that portfolio is performing. And the driver there, of course, Betsy, is the success we’ve had in modifying these loans, which is really the fact of this that’s driving the cash flow. So with the passage of time, and the success in modifying loans in that portfolio, that tends to increase our confidence around releasing more non-accretable. 
Howard Atkins: Yeah. So if you think about the Pick-A-Pay, about 2/3s of the impaired portfolio happens to be in California. And most of those loans were your first-time homebuyer, or second-time homebuyer homes. And this state, California, and that price has seen more recovery than most places. So we’ve been – it’s been a benefit to us. And we’re seeing other states where housing also is – on the low end has improved, bounced off the bottom. As I mentioned, a number of times, when we do take back properties and sell them, we’re getting multiple bids, and most of them are cash bids. And while the first-time homebuyer credit was important, it’s not the only thing that’s driving it. You’ve got record-low interest rates these days, employment is pretty steady, and home price affordability has never been better. 
Howard Atkins: Well, that was the level. The change from first quarter to second quarter was about $300 million. So you can do the math in terms of how much basis points that occurred. 
Howard Atkins: You know, as you would expect, when interest rates are declining and/or low, we tend to be more fully hedged in that against the MSR asset, and when rates go the other way, we tend to be a little less fully hedged, which is one of the reasons why we feel that we are keeping our powder dry in the investment portfolio because we’re relatively fully hedged on the MSR. 
Howard Atkins: Yeah, the mark on the hedge is a reflection of both the change in price as well as the carry. There is still carry income coming through. The total hedge result was down about $300 million from first to second quarter, largely as a result of a flattening of the curve. You know, the load rates came down to almost a full point in the quarter, and that was the main driver there. 
Howard Atkins: That’s very simple, charge offs dropped substantially, and the loss content, as we see it in these portfolios has dropped. And as a result, you have to release reserves to a certain extend when the loss content in the portfolio declines as it did. 
Howard Atkins: We look at losses over what we call a loss emergence period, and that’s what defines the loss content in these portfolios. And the loss content, as defined, as dropped pretty significantly, which you see in the first quarter of that loss-emergence period manifested in the second quarter results. 
Howard Atkins: Correct. Well, $506 mill for the quarter, up $300-some-odd from the prior quarter. We’ve been getting releases through accretable in this portfolio for a couple of quarters now. 
Howard Atkins: No, I mean again, the total amount of non-accretable against this portfolio is $2.9 billion, as I mentioned, which is about 15% of the remaining unpaid principle balance. So you know, we are hopeful that we will get additional recoveries from that $2.9 billion, particularly given our success and given where the markets are now, you know, markets are liquid, these borrowers are able to refinance and finance out of these positions. We mark these positions as you know down very heavily at the close, but while we expect additional recoveries in this portfolio, it’s an exhaustable resource. It does end at some point. 
Howard Atkins: Well, it’s also more that that, as John says, there’s cost and risk still – we’d like to see this go away, yes because there’s cost and risk associated with this portfolio. 
Howard Atkins: The release on the commercial portfolio is immediately recognized on the consumer side because we’re talking about portfolio, that’s where you get the release over time. So commercial is loan by loan. 
Howard Atkins: I’d have to question why you say permanent. It happened. It’s done. It’s income that was booked in the second quarter, Mike. 
Howard Atkins: Next quarter hopefully we’ll have more recoveries over time and hopefully on the other side the cost of working off this portfolio will decline and the risk will go away. 
Howard Atkins: Well, we’re not talking about a big component to the balance sheet, but in concept, Nancy, these are slightly higher-margin assets. That will go away, but by the same token, they’re also higher-loss content portfolios, so losses will be on the margin a little lower and – 
Howard Atkins: Well again, it is higher than not only the first quarter but higher than the average for the prior five quarters so you can sort of make your own judgement about what an average quarter would look like. And this particular quarter we just had a confluence of litigation matters that we accrued for all the same quarter. 
Howard Atkins: Well, you always have to worry about where the rates go up, down and sideways, so we can’t ignore or hedging portfolio, but yes, at 73 basis points, you know, if rates go back up or we decide to hedge differently, there could be very significant value in that activity. 
Howard Atkins: The only thing that went through that interest income was the $506 compared with roughly $180 in the first quarter. 
Howard Atkins: No because again, the consumer is just a yield, and the bulk of the increase was the billion-eight in the second quarter and that had no impact on second quarter. 
Howard Atkins: What it’s going to get you is signage and systems conversions, in principally the non-overlapping stores on the East Coast. The sort of staff consolidation expenses are now behind us, the savings, and the bulk of the remaining expenditures gets consolidation, as I said, in the non-overlapping states. 
Howard Atkins: You’ve got the benefit from having everybody on the same system, and all of the revenue benefits and cost savings comes with that going forward. 
