Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Sure, Ken. Thanks for the question. I'll just kind of walk you through some of the drivers there. And then, obviously, also the timing of when we expect to realize some of those matters as well. And so, as you look at the key things, you look at stick loan growth, we've got -- we're expecting kind of low to mid-single-digit loan growth throughout the year. So, not superfast pace, but at a moderate pace of loan growth. We are expecting some moderate declines across the deposit base stabilizing later in the year, but some moderate declines as we look over the next few quarters. And then we would expect the betas to continue to move up a little from here. And then when you think about the pacing of it, the first half of the year will certainly be higher than the second half of the year if all of these things play out. And so, you shouldn't expect a really big step down in the first quarter for sure. And then I think that provides the opportunity potentially in the second half of the year if things -- if we don't see that step down in deposits or the betas are a little bit better than what we expected. And then I'd just point out is even as we looked at the fourth quarter, betas were a little bit better than what we had modeled. And so, we're all in a little bit of uncharted territory here, but I do think that there's some opportunity potentially in the second half of the year as we look at the forecast, but it will be dependent upon how we fare over the next quarter or two.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I think if you look at what we've said over the last quarter or two, there's been roughly in the third and fourth quarter 200, 250 just BAU op losses that have happened, just broad normal stuff that you should expect to continue. So, that gives you sort of a bottom end. And then I think the rest of it is -- will be a little dependent upon how we work through the rest of the issues that we've got to work through for next year. But I think as you look at the RPL going from 3.7 billion to 1.4 billion, as those big items have moved to be more probable and estimable for us, we booked them. And hopefully, that gives you confidence that we're putting some of the big things behind us. But we still have stuff to work through, and there'll be more over time, I'm sure. But we've put a lot of big things behind us.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I would start with where our CET1 ratio is at the end of the year at 10.6%. So, we're well above our current regulatory minimum and the buffers that are included there. So, we have plenty of flexibility regardless of any outcome that comes out of the new rules that will be proposed. And keep in mind, that will take some time to come out and get implemented and phase in. And so, there's -- it's not going to happen in a day. And I think we'll go back to what we've been saying the last number of quarters as we think about the buffer that we'll put on the reg minimum, buffers of 9.2%, we'll be managing somewhere in the 100, plus or minus, a little basis point range. And depending on what happens with loan growth and RWA growth that we see in the quarter, that will help guide the share repurchases.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Thanks, John. Well, first, you have to normalize for a couple less days in the quarter. So, that's going to be a step down of, call it, 150 million to 200 million step down just there from the flex days. And then as you look at -- it should be relatively stable to the fourth quarter, but there could be some -- little bit of wiggle room in there.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. John, it's Mike. I think overall, as I said earlier, we do expect a moderate decline in balances and some more mix shift changes as we go throughout the year. And so, you should expect that to continue. And it's all the stuff that should be expected as we're in this environment, and that's what we're seeing. And if you look at each of the businesses, we're seeing it kind of most acutely happen in the wealth business as people move into cash alternatives, out of deposits, and that's what's happening in a lot of wealth management businesses these days as people move that cash around. And then across the rest of the consumer businesses, it's part people looking for higher yields, but it's also part people spending more. And so, you're seeing some of that decline come down as overall balances continue to decline as the stimulus has worn off and people continue to be out there spending. So, it's a little bit of a number of drivers there. And I think as I said earlier, the -- as you think about the NII pacing for this year, this first half of the year will certainly be higher than the second half of the year, given the trends that we expect to happen. And if those are a little bit better than what we're modeling, then I think that provides some opportunity as we look at the second half of the year.
Mike Santomassimo: Sure. And so, as you break apart fees, the biggest line item there is the investment advisory fees, and that's going to be somewhat dependent upon where the market goes. So, if we start to see recovery in the equity markets at a more substantial pace, that will obviously be a big benefit for that business. When you look at some of the other line items, deposit fees, as I mentioned in my commentary, most of the decline that we were expecting to see as a result of the overdraft policy changes and new products that we implemented is in the run rate. You may see some pressure there related to earnings credit on the commercial side, but the run rate decline for overdrafts is really in there. When you think about investment banking fees, that's going to be somewhat market dependent. We've seen -- it's too early to know how that's going to shape up in terms of the overall industry volume there. But as we continue to make the investments in our investment banking business over a longer period of time, we would expect to see some growth there, both in how we go after that opportunity in the commercial bank and middle market space, as well as our other large corporate clients there. And so, a lot of that's going to be dependent on the market. But we're confident that we're going to be positioning ourselves better and better to take advantage of it. And then we talked about mortgage. Mortgage is a small piece of the -- it's a much smaller piece of the puzzle than it was today. So, we don't expect that to be…
Mike Santomassimo: Sorry. Smaller piece today than it was historically. And so -- and that's going to be a pretty challenging market until -- in this rate environment. So, I think we're confident in the investments we're making that will pay off over time, but it may take a little time to start to see some of that come through depending on the market dynamics.
Mike Santomassimo: It's Mike. I'll try to take that and Charlie can add if he needs. When you look at the -- and you're really getting at the office, I think, space more than anything there. There's certainly more stress in the office space than there was a quarter or two or three quarters ago. And I think you're seeing that. Now, it hasn't translated into lost content at this point. And so, we're keeping a careful eye on it. And I think it is -- as you look at where you see it most, it is in older, lower-class properties. And over 80% of our portfolio is in Class A space. And so, we feel like the quality of it's pretty good, but we will see some stress as we go through here. So far, it's been pretty idiosyncratic in terms of individual buildings and individual places. But we are very watchful on cities like San Francisco, like Los Angeles, like Washington, D.C., where you're seeing lease rates overall be much lower than other cities across the country. And so, certainly, those are markets that we're keeping a pretty close eye on and making sure we're being proactive with our borrowers to make sure we're thinking way ahead of any maturities or extensions, options that need to get put in place to help manage through it.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. The only thing I'd add to it is as you -- as the Fed does -- when the Fed does ultimately peak in terms of rising rates, you will see a lag on pricing as that will continue -- pricing will continue to increase over a quarter or two quarters, three quarters. Really, it all depends on the competitive environment. So, you're going to have some lag there. But I'm sure all of us have our own points of view and assumptions underneath those models. But what we're trying to give you, as Charlie said, is a case that we think is achievable through the year. And as I said earlier on the call, I think if we're -- if we've -- depending on how it plays out over the first and second quarter, we could have some opportunity in the second half. But I think it's unclear exactly how that will play out. So, we'll obviously keep you updated as it goes.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. And the only thing I'd add is all you lose initially, Betsy, is the gain on sale on the origination. The servicing is still here. And that in any given quarter over the last couple of years is low tens of millions of dollars. So, it's a really small impact.
Mike Santomassimo: The only thing you lose today by exiting correspondent is the gain on sale on the origination of mortgage.
Mike Santomassimo: Sure. It was about $1 billion write-down, 750 million after noncontrolling interests. And so, that's on the first page of the release, if you want to refer back. It was primarily driven by some write-downs in enterprise software companies. And in particular, it was really one investment that drove most of it. And I would just point out, we had a -- that investment is still a very good investment. The company is a good investment, and we're still holding it well above where we -- where the invested amount is. 
Mike Santomassimo: And then just more broadly, on the venture business, we've done -- the team has done a great job over a very long period of time, and we still think it's a very good business.
Mike Santomassimo: Okay. Thank you, all. And we appreciate the time, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Take care, everyone. Bye, bye.
Charles Scharf: Yes. Well, let me just -- so, listen, we still have a series of consent orders, of which, and I always point this out, the asset cap is a piece of one of them. So, all roads don't lead to the asset cap. The roads in this respect lead to us building the proper control environment, which will satisfy ultimately all the consent orders. And I've tried to be clear that we are making progress on that work. It is a lot to do. And our tone hasn't changed relative to the confidence in the progress that we're making there. So, we're going to continue doing it. And hopefully, it's done to the satisfaction of the regulators, but they'll have to decide that. And as we continue to tick off the to-dos on that work, the control environment gets better and better. And we become a better run company that doesn't have those kinds of operating losses that you've both seen in the past.
Charles Scharf: No, it's a good question. I think -- so, first of all, I think when -- just make a -- just a couple of comments around the expense guidance we gave. Embedded in that expense guidance, we're still continuing to reduce the core expenses of the company. But as you can see on that slide, we're anticipating that we will spend more money on investments that are around technology, digital, building out products, and things like that, that offset that some extent to get to an overall flat expense base. Mike did say in his comments, and I just want to repeat it, that we're not going to spend this money at all costs. We're going to see how the year continues to pan out. It's money that we would like to spend. We're planning to spend it, but there's a lot of discretion in the expense base. So, we think it's prudent, as we sit here today, to plan to spend it, but we're going to constantly be looking at our performance and make judgments on what that should be. And so, as we look at the efficiency of the company, we do expect to continue to get efficiency ratio improvement in the place. And if we don't see revenue growth and if we don't see payoffs from the things that we're doing, then we will spend less money. And so, that's the way we're approaching it. We're either going to get the efficiency ratio to continue to improve because we're getting real payoff on some things, or we will reduce on a net basis. But overall, there's still gross expenses that should come out of the company, which gives us the latitude to continue to grow the investments inside the company. The timing to get to 15%, listen, it's a great question. As we talked about it, it's medium term, which is obviously not long term or short term. But I would say it's -- without putting a specific time frame, it is -- it should be something that we have in our sights as we look out over the future. It's not something that's theoretical. It's something that we believe we should get to. And just the problem and we're just trying to stay a little bit away from, quantifying exactly where we're starting from just because everyone will make their own adjustments. And it's just -- I think what we're just trying to do is be really clear that we don't want to take credit for the outperformance in NII. We don't want to take credit for the outperformance in charge-offs, and that we still have to continue to drive improved performance each and every year at the company.
Charles Scharf: Yes. Listen, I think -- I mean, I think that your point on headcount versus peers is one that we've made. And so, yes, we are all different in terms of the businesses that we're in and what we do. But we do -- and some insource and some outsourcing things. But when you look at it, we still have higher headcount and higher expenses than people who are more complex than us. You know, some of that is explained by the work that we're doing and the expenses and heads that are building out the control infrastructure, but there's a lot more beyond that. That's the work that we're doing to peel that back piece by piece by piece. We still have a huge amount of manual processes inside the company. We have duplicate systems, and that is -- that's the work that we're on. So, when I say that we still have gross expenses to be reduced in the company, we -- there's -- that's exactly what we're talking about. On the -- the question is when we get to a net basis, where does that come out? As I said before, I think that's a decision that we want to be able to make at each and every point in time when we look at what the overall performance of the company is. So, again, I just want to repeat what I said. We're not going to spend under any environment at all costs. That's not the way we're thinking about it. If we don't see net improvements in performance of the company, we've got the ability to ration back the discretionary spend so that we do continue to see improved performance of the company. What we'd like to see is that these things are paying off. We're seeing real sustainable revenue growth based upon these things and the ability to invest. And so, that's just kind of how -- that's the framework that we're using to make the decisions. And as we get to each point in time, and it's not even just an annual decision. I mean, Mike and I and the operating committee are going to have these discussions regularly about how are things panning out, what does it look like, and how do we feel about our willingness to continue to invest in these things? And have it -- it's got to be living and breathing.
Charles Scharf: Well, so just -- it sounds like you're drawing conclusions to the pace at which we said we're going to buy stock back, which I don't think we have actually said. What we've said is that we haven't been buying stock back. We're absolutely -- we anticipate we're going to begin buying it back. As we think about how much we have available in that capacity, what Mike said was our CET1 went up to 10.6%. Our required minimum buffers are at 9.2%. And we -- it said that we'll manage 100 basis points above the 9.2% plus or minus. So, we do have substantial capacity but the ongoing earnings capacity of the company. And so, that is -- that's -- our framework is to target a reasonable CET1 ratio. If in the future to raise the levels of capital because of Basel III in-game or whatnot, we've got earnings capacity to be able to do that. But we do have the flexibility. And now that we've got resolution with CFPB and things like that, to be able to go buy stock back. And we'll be making that decision based upon our views on the value of the stock and liquidity in the market and things like that. But as we said, we do anticipate we'll be back in -- as opposed to where we've been.
Charles Scharf: Sure. What I was trying to say in those remarks was the impact on rising rates is continuing to impact customers on a period-over-period basis, and we would expect that to continue, but it's not accelerating. It's much more linear than exponential. And the fact that it's much more linear is actually a very helpful thing because that gives people -- that's just -- that's a more orderly transition to a slower growth economy and gives consumers a chance. It shows that they're adjusting their spending patterns and saving patterns and borrowing patterns to adjust for the reality of higher rates. And on your second question, we would anticipate that we would continue to see deterioration in those metrics continue after the Fed stops raising rates, for a period just because of the amount of time that it takes those things to filter through the economy more broadly. So, hopefully, that was helpful.
Charles Scharf: Can I just ask to start before Mike actually goes to the facts? Again, I think one of the things that you're hearing from all of us that were all very consistent on, which I know you appreciate, but I just want to say it anyway, is we don't know what the rate path is going to look like from here over the next 11.5 months, which is exactly what you're asking and exactly what the competitive environment is going to be month by month versus all of the people we compete with. So, you're looking at -- we don't know what the alternative is going to be in nonbank deposits, and we don't know what the alternatives are going to be in bank deposits, but we're trying to make those predictions. So, I think when we go through all of this, we're all just trying to, in our own way, make sure that there's clarity that we're -- and I'll speak to myself now. We're trying to give you what we think is achievable. And in our case, based upon the rate curve that we've laid out in the document, and it might or might not turn out that way. We're also assuming, and I talked about this at a conference in December that we are going to continue to raise rates in which we pay our consumers because we're thinking about this not in terms of maximizing short-term NII, but thinking about it in terms of the value of the relationship and making sure that we pay properly for that, so that we're continuing to recognize how expensive it is to get a new relationship and how profitable it can be to keep an existing relationship. And so if your views are different toward the end of the year as to what the rent scenario could be, that's fine. Specifically, what we've tried to do, as we've gotten closer to the periods with which we see is give you some clarity as Mike did on what we're -- the first quarter is a little clearer to us. But beyond that, is pretty difficult, and we're not going to go through every last beta that we're assuming in terms of what those forecasts are.
Charles Scharf: Yes. So, maybe I'll start on the second, and then Mike will circle around to the first. So, we are not assuming that we will balance sheet every loan that we underwrite in the future. Again, what we're just -- what we're trying to do in the path that we've laid forward is just to make very clear that we're not interested in running and having a business which is focused on a stand-alone mortgage product. We very much appreciate the importance of mortgage to the consumer base. And we're going to continue to stay in the business. But we're going to view it as part of the importance in the broader relationship. So, that means we'll be originating both, conforming and nonconforming mortgages. And we'll continue to make the decision as to what goes on our balance sheet as we have done in the past. The fact that we'll be originating a lot less will certainly mean that over time, the MSR and the overall servicing book will come down very naturally based upon that, over a fairly long period of time. But we'll also look for intelligent and economic ways to reduce the complexity and the size of our servicing book between now and then. And if those present themselves, we'll certainly be interested in doing that. And I know Mike will talk a little bit about this, but I think one of the things we were just trying to say when we think about the size of the impact of exiting the correspondent business immediately is given the fact that mortgage volumes are so low, and revenues are so low. The revenue impact of exiting the correspondent business in the short term is not meaningful. It's a very small number of people. So, that's not all that meaningful in the short term. The real benefit comes over time as we reduce the size of the servicing business, which, as we've tried to make the point is, it's not just reducing expenses, but it's not profitable for us today in a whole bunch of these segments where we continue to have the servicing. And so, it becomes a positive over time. And it's just -- but that is not a short-term benefit for us but certainly a medium- to longer-term one.
Charles Scharf: No, it's not even close. I mean, the amount that we're originating today relative to the scale we have in the business is -- it's immaterial. And we'll -- and even as we downsize the portfolio on the servicing side, the whole point -- our servicing portfolio can be substantially, substantially lower, and we'll still have scale to be able to originate the product and we would say in a more profitable way than we're doing it today.
Charles Scharf: Yes. I addressed it in my remarks, which is we've been very, very clear. And I think if you look back on every earnings call, let alone any time I speak publicly, we're very consistent in making sure that everyone understands both, internally and externally, that our No. 1 priority is getting that work done. That is how we're running the company. We have very clear processes internally to make sure that, that happens. And we're very confident that's the case. And the things that we are doing to grow the business, we think, are actually helpful to actually making it a more controlled place. And we're going to continue to go forward the same way we've been going forward, being very conscious of making sure things don't get in the way.
Charles Scharf: It's still very much the same, which is kind of intuitive that those who went in with lower balances are the ones who are living more paycheck to paycheck. And they are seeing more stress than those that have not had that. But I would say that it's the rate of change, it's still the same across most of the affluent spectrum. So, the trends are still very consistent.
Charles Scharf: Listen, I think when we look at all of the -- I mean, I've said this in the past, when we look at each of these businesses that we have, and that's going to be a consumer bank, it's consumer lending, wealth, commercial and the corporate investment bank. With the exception of the Home Lending business and that the rest of the consumer lending businesses that lend, it's all going to be based upon returns and what we're seeing in terms of market competitiveness. All of these businesses have the opportunity to continue to grow share. And when we think about the things that we're doing to invest, we are targeting investment banking ads in both coverage and products. We're focused in Commercial Banking, the build-out of both the corporate investment offerings for that customer base, both the corporate investment bank and the commercial bank of opportunities to continue to improve what we do from the treasury services perspective. And so, we see growth opportunities there. I've talked about the opportunities in our wonderful wealth management business to bring on some more investment teams as we've reoriented that business. And when we wind up looking on the consumer lending side, you've seen growth in the Credit Card side of the business, which we would expect to continue. And our consumer bank is -- we very carefully evolve from fixing the problems that we've had, taking advantage of the franchise. So, when we talk about -- and we have this page in the deck, Page 19 in the investor -- in the earnings presentation, we do see multiple places for us to be able to increase the rate of growth by just organically, which sometimes involves adding people. Sometimes it's building technology. Sometimes it's just improved execution. And there are other things like affluent and whatnot that I haven't mentioned, but they're a bunch, and they're pretty broad.
Charles Scharf: But like all of -- all enterprise software companies, it's the company -- it's just -- it's the rate of growth over the next year or so has come down substantially, but it's still a very high-quality company.
