Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, thanks, Scott. It’s Mike. I'll take that and Charlie can jump in if you want. When you look at the assumptions that underpin that, and I highlighted some of this in my script, but I'll kind of go back through them. We've got a little bit of modest loan growth in there. So that's not a big driver of sort of what we're seeing. And I think you're probably seeing that from others where we're just not seeing that same demand that we saw a year or so ago on loans. We're also assuming that we'll see some additional outflows, particularly in the consumer space as people continue to spend money. And then we'll see some more migration from non-interest bearing to interest bearing deposits. And then deposit pricing will -- betas will evolve over time. I think it's still very competitive on the commercial side and I think that will continue on the consumer side and then evolve. So I think you got to look at those combination of factors and make some assumptions around when you think they start to stabilize. But I think we're assuming that those trends that we've been seeing now for the last of quarters will continue, at least through the year end.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, I mean there's a few factors underneath that. As you pointed out, we're about 30% at the end of the quarter, down from about 32%, I think the prior quarter. And if you go back pre-COVID, they were in kind of the mid-20s, mid to upper-20s depending on when -- exactly when you look at it. And we've been trending downward. Part of that is excess deposits on the commercial side. As people use up their earnings credits for the fees they're paying, you're seeing some migration there. That stabilizes. And then you've seen again on the consumer side, people spending from their primary checking accounts. So those are the factors that I'd look at on when that starts to slow down and stabilize, but it's been pretty consistent at least for the last quarter or two.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, thanks. I'll take that, it’s Mike. Broadly, I'll start on the broader point on CRE and then I'll come back to office. I think we've gone through the multifamily portfolio in quite a lot of detail. And I think -- no, I'm talking about the broader portfolio first, right? And so you talked about apartments in some cities. And so I think when you look at the broader portfolio including multifamily, it's all performing quite well. And I think you've seen certainly a slowing of growth rates in rents, but they're not declining in most cases. You're seeing good occupancy rates in many of the new construction that's coming online. And so overall, it feels quite constructive still for multifamily. And that same theme really applies to the rest of the portfolio. On office, that's the place where we're certainly seeing weakness. And as you think about the allowance we put up, we do have some very specific borrower loan level estimates of what we think could play out over the next quarter -- next couple -- next few quarters and that's embedded in the allowance. And then as you look at the rest of the office portfolio, we've gone through a number of stress scenarios and feel like at this point we're appropriately reserved to be able deal with what could be a number of different scenarios depending on how it plays out over time.
Mike Santomassimo: And maybe I'll just add one thing. When you look at some of growth opportunities we have, Charlie highlighted some of the investment banking hires we're making. In large part, we already have exposure out to the client base there. So now it's about making sure we got the right people to go after the fee opportunity, not necessarily extending a lot more balance sheet. The wealth management, the growth opportunity there, same theme. End even in the card space as we look at, the refresh product line is doing really well. We've got more to come there. And I think we've got plenty of room to continue to support many of the growth opportunities we have even if we didn't put out more -- have more exposure to support it.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah. Well, I think we're seeing -- we're certainly seeing growth in card. So I think we would expect that to continue. And then in the rest of the portfolios, we see a little bit of growth in the asset-based lending and leasing business in the commercial bank. Middle market is kind of flat, but at least this quarter, and then you can see the consumer items. So I think -- we're hopeful that we'll see some growth as we go into the second quarter. But as always, Steve, what we try to do with guidance is give you guidance that it doesn't necessarily require every assumption to go in our favor. So the bigger drivers of uncertainty around NII for the rest of the year continue to be the same ones we've been talking about now for the last couple of quarters. It's really going to be deposits and deposit pricing. The loan story will matter, but not anywhere near to the same degree.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, I think our focus on expenses really hasn't changed over the last quarter or two. As we've talked about now for a while, we're going to continue to be very disciplined around the expense base. I think we're very much focused on making sure we execute and achieve the efficiencies that we've talked about. And as we get to year end, we'll sort of look at -- and after we do our work around the budget for next year, we'll go back through all the ups and downs like we normally do and give you some perspective there. But really the thinking around it hasn't changed.
Mike Santomassimo: Not really any more than -- I think that's -- I think what we said is as much clarity as we want give at this time. I think we are -- we have substantial excess capital above the regulatory requirements and regulatory buffers and on top of the level of buffers that we have talked about running at. And so we think that's prudent given the fact that it's likely that capital requirements are going up. But the reality -- to answer the -- just in terms of the timing in terms of the ability to answer the question, from everything that we read is the same thing that you read, it's likely that we will learn later this month or early next month exactly what the proposal is. And based upon that, it will help us inform exactly how much room we have for buybacks. But in most of the scenarios that we see, there is room for us to continue the buyback program in a prudent way and still build required capital to whatever levels we'd have to require -- to be required to build them at and keep the kind of buffers that we want to keep. So there are bunch of moving pieces here. And so it just doesn't make to put any more numbers on it until we actually see what those proposals are.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, John, I'm not going to give you much clarity on 2024. But I think the things you should think about obviously are going to be as rate -- on the commercial side, rate betas -- betas on the way up are pretty high, betas on the way down are pretty high. And the consumer side really hasn't moved much at this point. And so I do -- you sort of have to go into your modeling, looking at each of the components a little bit differently. And as we and I think many others have talked about over time, like once rates peak, there is likely some lag, continued repricing for a while after rates peak. And so you've got to think about all how that goes into your model. And then I think as I said in my script, I think we've seen pretty consistent performance across deposits over the last couple of quarters. And we're not seeing big shifts in behavior at this point. And so we'll see how that goes over the coming quarters. But there's still a lot of uncertainty in the assumptions that you go through that you have here. And so you got to make your best judgment on what you think is going to happen. But as you get closer to the end of the rate cycle, you’ve probably seen a lot of the mix shift and repricing happening already. And so we'll see how that goes.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, Betsy, it's not isolated to California. I mean I think you see weakness in a lot of cities these days and it really comes down to property specific stuff. And even in California, we've got as many examples where clients are actually reinvesting in buildings, even if lease rates are low or even empty in some cases as they are going into a workout. So I think it really depends on building, borrower and all the things we sort of talked about in the script and it's less focused on just California.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, George. Sure. It's not that different, right? On the margin, you may be making decisions to add a little duration here or there, but I'd say it's marginal at this point and we really haven't changed substantially how the balance sheet is positioned.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, I mean, sure. There's plenty of little structural enhancements you can make to feel better about it. And then there are also, in a lot of cases, getting some partial paydowns. And then you look at and you're trading those for refinancing term, And I think you give people a bit more time to work through these sets of issues. I think we try really hard not punt issues down the road. And so if there are real issues that we need to deal with, we try to deal with them in the moment. But there are a number of structural enhancements that we sort of work on with borrowers to get ourselves comfortable that we're setting the loan up for success.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, it's Mike. I'll take that. TDR doesn't exist anymore, but the -- that classification, but the guidance is very similar to what was issued originally back, I think, in 2009. Hasn't really changed much. And doesn't really change the way we've been interacting with our borrowers already in terms of really being proactive to work with them to find solutions to help them work through what could be difficult circumstances in some cases. So -- and it doesn't give you any leeway for how you classify criticized loans or other classification. So the intent is really to just be clear that people should continue to work with borrowers to find solutions, which is what we do all the time anyway.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, I don't think that's something we give and there is a wide range. Average sometimes are very misleading. And so there's a wide range. And what really matters is not the loan size, it really matters -- what really matters is all the variables Charlie talked about earlier in terms of what's happening with that property. So I think that would be -- I think I would focus there.
Mike Santomassimo: We didn't give an exact number, but that is by far the single largest piece of it, that's part of it. And there's some other exit costs for properties as we to exit some lease space and other things. But that is -- the severance is by far the largest piece.
Mike Santomassimo: Not specifically, Vivek, we don't disclose that. But you should assume these are standard course loans in the commercial real estate space, which are generally three to five-year loans.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah. Look, I think you have to remember that we've been refinancing existing facilities along that time period. So -- but I think if you take the portfolio and assume some kind of basic average life based on what I said, I think you'll get a pretty good sense of the approximate maturity schedule.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, sure. It’s Mike. So first of all, there are nine public consent orders out there that are all there. So you can see those. When you look at the mortgage ones, I think that each of the consent orders is actually quite clear in terms of what needs to happen to satisfy those. So I would just point you back to the documents themselves, which can give you a pretty good sense of what it is and each one is a little bit different.
Mike Santomassimo: We talk to our regulators all the time, at all parts of the company, at all levels of the company. And so you should assume we're actively engaged consistently with our regulators all the time.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah, that's the actual cap, remember, which is a daily average over a couple of quarters. So relative to where we are operating today, we feel like we still have plenty of balance sheet to serve our customers and it's not standing in the way of that. Hasn't always been the case, but I think that's where we are today. But putting just the pure economics of the asset cap aside, it is something that, when we look at the work we have to get done, the fact that it's there is a statement of the reality that we still have more work to do. And so it's critical that we continue on our road to complete that work. And so that's the way we're thinking about it today.
Charlie Scharf: And let me just add, Steve, if that’s okay. I think when we laid out our expense guidance, we got a series of questions about how we think of the variability of that number and the environment and will the rest of our results impact that number. And I think as we look at how we're performing, I think we -- it wouldn't be hard for us to make a bunch of decisions to hit an expense number. But to the point is, we -- our results have been relatively strong. And so we are doing a series of things. I don't think about it as one-time expenses, but we have -- there is a fair amount of subjective expenses that relate to business development, product enhancements and things like that, that we do have the ability to each year, each quarter look at how we're performing and decide how much we want to spend. And so as we look forward, I think we're going to wait and see as we go through our budgeting process and we do a series of scenarios in terms of how things could play out next year and then make that determination. But as Mike said, I think we do separate out the fact that we continue to believe that there are continued opportunities to drive efficiency throughout the company. We're not going to lose sight of that. And that is separate from how much do we want to spend away from that. And we'll talk more about that towards the end of the year.
Charlie Scharf: Just even just more broadly, just to be clear about, we don't -- we're not looking specifically at giving guidance in terms of 2024 yet. But at the same time, just more broadly speaking, we are and have been out-earning in NII. And we've been very clear about that as we talk about getting towards our 15% ROTCE targets. It's in a more normalized environment. But at the same time, there are a series of things that we expect to be able to do as we look forward. A big part of it is growing the fees in the business as Mike spoke about. We're not constrained by the asset capital in our existing businesses. And a lot of the things that we're doing, whether it's in our wealth business, whether it's in the card business, whether it's in the corporate investment bank or middle market as well, we do expect to see the fruits of that labor. At the same time, we continue to stay very focused on expenses. And then the other thing I would just remind everyone is there's lots of conversations around charge-offs and things like that. But remember, we are all required when we think about CECL to be as forward-looking as we possibly can. You all know how we come up with the different scenarios. And so the level of reserving that's been running through our P&L, I think this is the fifth consecutive quarter we've added to reserves, which is what's impacting the EPS of the company, has been based upon an environment which at some point will be very different than what the expectation is sitting here. So I think, you add all those things together, and I just think it's important you think about all those things as opposed to just NII itself. Next question, operator.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah, and I just want to reemphasize what Mike is saying and we talked about this in the prepared remarks, which is we have all spent a bunch of time going through a very detailed review of the office portfolio. Just the other day, we went through just a whole series of things that we're seeing. And I just really want to make the point, which I said in my script, it's not -- it's a very big mistake to think about loss content by looking at just where the property is. Again, we have examples in cities that are struggling where the structure of our loan is quite good. The underlying property has very high lease rates for an extended period of time. And then we can have a loan in a market which is doing well. But for whatever reason, that property -- the specific issue in that property, there are a bunch of potential termination dates in the shorter term. And so that's the level of detail that we've used look at to come up with what we think the appropriate level of reserving is. And I think we've tried to be as diligent as we can in stressing the scenarios that we see play itself out. So that when we look at ourselves and we understand what CECL reserving requires us to do, that's what we're trying to accomplish.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah, Mike, I’ll start and then either chime in or give your opinion. We have tried to take into account all of the risks including refinance risk that exists in the portfolios looking at the current rate environment, cap rate expectations and things like that. Is it possible that we have to add something in the future because we learn more as time goes on? We would never say no. But again, what we're trying to do is be holistic in the review of the portfolio based upon everything that we know. And just as you can imagine, when we sit in the room with the people that run the real estate business and all the risk people, there's a range of opinion. There are people in there that say, we just -- it's hard to see losing this amount of money based upon what that individual thinks all of the underlying assumptions will play themselves out as. And then there are others where we say we actually want to stress the scenario because it is possible and we have to give weighting to that. And so that's how we come up with what this is. But again, we're trying to, again, I don't know, just -- we're trying to be forward-looking, we're trying to be holistic in all the risks that exist. And part of the reason to show you those -- that additional disclosure we made is so you can see exactly where the issues are relative to the rest of the office portfolio and the rest of CRE and isolate just the level of reserving that exists, which is, at this point is substantial.
Charlie Scharf: Listen, I think -- as we've said, there's a lot of work to do. It is multi-years’ worth of deliverables. What we've -- what I've said is that we've implemented a lot, but we still have more to do. And when I say that, I just want to be clear, I'm speaking in -- everyone generally thinks I'm speaking about one of the consent orders which has the asset cap. We're thinking about all of the work that we have to do related to all the consent orders and the work to build the control environment. And there is a lot getting done. But ultimately what matters, you don't get an A for effort in this. It's about getting things over the finish line on time and getting them done with the quality that our regulators and we expect from each other. And so as you know, we've been very careful not to put dates out there because we have to do our work and then our regulators have to take a look at it and see if it's done to their satisfaction. We don't want to get ahead of that process, but we continue to move forward.
Charlie Scharf: Yeah. Listen, I appreciate your desire to have me answer those questions. But again, all that matter -- our view of accomplishing the work doesn't matter. What matters is that our regulators look at it and say it's done to their satisfaction. So I really don't think it's helpful or productive to go beyond what I've said at this point. But again, I do understand and appreciate why you're asking.
Charlie Scharf: But the only thing I would add to that is, but again, they're here, they're on-site, we talk to them literally all the time.
Charlie Scharf: Just give me a second. We talk to them about everything. And given the importance of the consent orders, you can assume it's about the work that's going on in the underlying consent order. But having said all of that, what matters is the work that they do at the end of the consent order after we submit it to them. And so they can be up to speed on what we're doing. They can know how we feel about the progress that we're making. But when we submit a consent order to them, they come in and do their holistic review. And so that's really where their determination is made about whether or not it's done to their satisfaction. So again, that just gets to the reason why I want to be very careful about not drawing any conclusions from our view on our work or any interim comments we might get from them. What really matters is the holistic review that they do and the process that they go through internally in the regulatory organizations.
