Mike Santomassimo: Yes, the – hey, Scott, thanks for the question. Look, the inflows stopped, right? And they came in, in a pretty short period of time and those inflows stop. And I think what you're seeing since then is just normal spending in the consumer side and normal activity across the other businesses.
Mike Santomassimo: Steve, it's Mike. I'll start and Charlie can chime in if he wants. The -- I think when you think about consumer, I think, we still have a lot more work to do there. And it's both in the consumer lending space or the mortgage space as we simplify the servicing side of that business, and that just takes a little bit of time to work its way through needs to be thoughtful and in some cases, requires a little bit of investment in technology and the like.  And then on the consumer banking side, we've continued to rationalize the branch footprint and branch set up. We've - we continue to see teller transactions and other things decline. And so, I think you'll see us focus there. And hopefully, what you've seen in that segment is a consistent quarter-on-quarter decline in headcount and other factors, and that will sort of continue to hopefully be the case. And then when you think about just where the end state is, we shouldn't look any different than our peers, our best-in-class peers for each of our segments, including that one. So, over a period of time, that's the goal.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, I'll take that. And when you look at the sequential change in NII, it's really the two fewer days in the quarter that drove it. Otherwise, it's pretty flat to the fourth quarter as we thought it would be when we talked in January. When you think about wealth, it's been pretty stable, the trend. It's not accelerating. It's not decelerating at any significant clip at this point. And what we see there is we're capturing that cash that -- those cash alternatives that people are buying in the wealth business. And so, I think that trend will continue for a while. And the good news is we're capturing that in other ways, but the trend has been pretty stable, and that's probably going to be the case for a little longer.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. John, you look at -- as things are trending, you can see where deposits are on a period end on an average basis. So that's probably input number one. And then you can see that deposit yields have increased, right? So, those two things are going to be the biggest driver. So, you should expect a little bit of a step down from Q1 into Q2. And we'll see exactly sort of what that looks like as we get a little bit into the quarter. But I think the variables are there to kind of come up with a range of outcomes.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, sure. And as we've talked over the last few quarters, there's still a ton of uncertainty out there with regards to really all the inputs that go into that, right? And whether it's the mix of deposits, the absolute level or where pricing will be. And so, our guide assumes that it's still going to be a pretty competitive space for deposits on the pricing side that we will still see some mix shift happening and that we'll see some moderate declines as people continue to spend and the trends happen. So, as we talked about even last quarter, I think we'll get -- as time goes by, we get more and more information. And so, we're hopeful that there's upside, but -- to the forecast, but we'll see that in the second half of the year, and it will be a function of how all those factors play out, but we're hopeful that we'll see that and there'll be some upside there.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Ken, let me try to clarify a little bit of that. So, I think when you look at what we've we talked about last quarter in terms of getting to a 15% ROTCE in the medium term, that didn't assume that we would have to take out a significant amount of the cost related to the risk and regulatory build-outs that we're doing. And that efficiency on those expenses will be out a little while. It could be years in terms of -- before we really get at some of that. So -- but I think our focus is to get the return to a sustainable 15% in the medium term by not having to rely on that. It really goes back to what we talked about really making sure capital gets optimized, not just in terms of shareholder return, but also across the balance sheet requires us to continue to execute on the efficiency initiatives outside of the risk and regulatory work, and then we'll start to get the benefit of some of the investments that we've been making now for the last couple of years.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, sure. We certainly benefited from the volatility that we saw, particularly in the rate market and other -- some of the other asset classes in the quarter. And you can see that in the results. But when you look at some of the core platforms in FX and other areas, we've been just consistently investing in some of those platforms. So hopefully, over time, you'll see good results there. But the quarter definitely was influenced by the volatility that we saw across the market.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, sure. Thanks. I think the simple answer to your first question is no. We don't expect that to continue to keep drifting up. Certainly, we'll find out the results of CCAR with everybody else in June. And then, we've got Basel IV, which is a little bit longer time line than that. And -- but we're 160 basis points above the regulatory minimum buffers. We've got plenty of capital to deal with whatever comes out of that. And as we said, over time, we'll get closer to 100 basis points or so above those -- above the 9.2%. And so, I think there's plenty of capacity to deal with whatever comes and continue to return share -- money back to shareholders, as Charlie said. The…
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. And then just to give you a couple like examples to help illustrate the capital optimization. The mortgage business is one of them. If we want mortgage exposure, we can buy securities. You don't have to always hold the mortgage. If you're buying securities, you don't have to buy UMBS, you could buy Ginnies. And so there's plenty -- and then you can look at each of the underlying portfolios and make sure we're getting the return from a relationship point of view that we think, whether that's in the commercial bank or the corporate investment bank. And so, I think there's plenty of areas that we can either reallocate capital to clients that we think will get better returns for or optimize some of the underlying portfolios.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, thanks. So, on the loan side, I think we're definitely seeing pockets of growth in places like the commercial bank, and that's been pretty consistent now for a couple of quarters. It's not -- but the overall growth rate across total loans has moderated for the last three quarters, and -- which is exactly what we thought might happen when we were talking last summer. And so, I think it will still be pretty moderate. I wouldn't expect huge growth in loans over the rest of the year. And embedded in our guidance is some low-single-digit growth rate in terms of loans for the year. And so, I think that's what we're assuming there. What was the second part again, John? Sorry.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. No. Look, on the deposit side, to date, betas have played out almost exactly what we thought -- how we thought they would. And I think from here, the path of rates will matter. Competition will matter. And so, as I mentioned earlier in the call, we're still assuming it's going to be pretty competitive when we give you the guidance that we gave you. And I think we may find that hopefully that it gets -- that maybe we're being a little conservative there, but we do think at this point, it will still be competitive. And I think the betas will be pretty reasonable, though on the consumer side, when you look back after the rates rise stop.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, sure. Look, in the office space right now, as many others have said, too, like this is going to play out over an extended period of time. We're not seeing a lot of near-term stress in terms of what -- whether clients are current or seeing very big issues on a property-by-property basis at this point, but we do expect some of that to come. And I think it will be for all of the reasons that everyone is reporting on, right? And in particular, it will be in cities that you see weakness in places like San Francisco and L.A., a little bit in Seattle. And so, it's all the places where either lease rates are already lower than the national average or the secular changes around back to office are changing a little bit more a bigger way. And -- but it's going to take time. And we just haven't seen it translate into lost content here, and we're going very granular property by property. And so, giving you LTV numbers from a portfolio -- at a portfolio basis really isn't that helpful at this point because it really is going to be a matter of like what each of these underlying properties look like and what the issues are there. And we haven't seen a lot of trades happening either recently. And so, that also will impact how you think about the valuations. And what we're doing is really just making sure we stress it in a whole bunch of different ways on a property level basis to make sure we understand where the potential issues might come from.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. There really isn't any story there, Betsy. I mean we get recoveries every quarter, and there really isn't a significant trend change one way or the other. And again, it's going to come back down to individual underlying issues or situations that drive it quarter-to-quarter. But I wouldn't read too much into the trend.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I mean, what we gave you in my commentary was just cash as a percentage of assets. And it's quite a bit higher than it was before, about 12% now versus 4%. And obviously, deposits is going to be a subcomponent of that. And there are other drivers, right, of how much cash people are going to hold as a percentage of assets. And right now, you're seeing a lot of what is going into cash alts, it's coming out of other asset classes. So it's not -- so it's a little harder to give you a specific number of like deposits as a percentage of assets because you're seeing people sell equities and other asset classes and drive up those cash balances.
Mike Santomassimo: Absolutely, yes. And so, I would just take the current balance that you see in the wealth space and the deposit side and assume it continues to come down at a pretty -- at a stable pace for a little bit.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Look, I mean it will be different, obviously. And part of what's going to drive that is how long rates stay higher. And I think that will -- we'll find that out over a period of time. But as you can tell, where betas have performed so far, they've performed pretty well when you look at it relative to the last cycle, particularly given how far rates have moved up in excess of what happened last time. And so -- and they're behaving exactly as you might think, right? And if you go portfolio by portfolio, the betas are pretty high on the large corporate side. That's been the case now for a couple of quarters. They're a little bit lower in the commercial bank given the nature of that client base. And in the consumer side, they're relatively low given the amount of rate rises that we've seen so far. And so, I think on the large corporate side, you'll see those be pretty consistent from here and the consumer side will be a function of all the things we talked about earlier.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. It was pretty small when you look at that change. So I wouldn't read too much into it. I think people are still -- there's still a lot of activity out there and consumers are still out spending both on the debit side and the credit side. So, I wouldn't read into a couple of weeks.
Mike Santomassimo: Not in any meaningful way. There's always an anecdotal story, I'm sure, out there, but I wouldn't say it's meaningful.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I think certainly, the market expectations are implying that there will be a decrease in the late part of the year. And so, I think that's certainly being priced in at the moment. But I do think that you need to be prepared that that's not going to happen. And I think it's possible it doesn't. So, I think as we get a little closer, you'll -- we'll all know. And what we try to do in our guidance is use what the market is telling us, right? So, if that doesn't happen, there's -- and rates are higher than what the market is implying, then there will be a little upside there.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I wouldn't try to predict it exactly over the next couple of quarters. But I think if you look at -- we're about 32% in the quarter. And if you go back a number of years, pre-pandemic, that was in the mid-20s. And so -- so it could -- and we've said this in other forums that you could see it start to trend towards there. Will it get down there? Unknown, but I think you'll see it trend down a little bit more.
Mike Santomassimo: Well, I think, obviously, that's going to be a little bit dependent on rates and where rates go, given there's some mortgages - mortgage securities in the portfolio in terms of the burn down. And I think we're going to continue to be thoughtful as we have in the past around thinking about the size of the portfolio in total, including the AFS. And that's really a function of a bunch of things, including how much loan growth we expect to see over a period of time. And then, we look at all of the other constraints that we've got to worry about around liquidity and everything else, and we decide on how much goes into HTM and what the makeup of it is. But at this point, we feel comfortable with the quantum and both in terms of the size of the portfolio and the duration of portfolio.
Mike Santomassimo: I think we'll make that decision over time. I don't anticipate the portfolio getting much bigger from here over the next few quarters, but I think we'll make that decision over time. And then, the burn now will be what it is based on where rates and natural maturities of the portfolio go.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. This is Charlie. Let me take a stab. I would say, listen, I think the way we feel about it is our capital levels grew quarter-over-quarter even after we purchased the $4 billion of stock. So, it just shows our ability to generate capital, if necessary, because of the environment or regulatory changes or things like that. So, because of that, we do feel like we have the ability to continue to return capital to shareholders while we still have plenty of flexibility to deal with anything which could come our way. And so, our excess above the regulatory minimums plus buffers is extremely high beyond what we feel that it needs to be. So we think we can continue to address that and still be very prudent with how we manage capital.
Charlie Scharf: And I would just add, when you look at our -- that segment, we obviously mix versus other people is an issue. Our home lending business is today extremely inefficient, which is part of the reason why we made the decision that we made. So, we've got a lot of wood to chop there, which will play out over a period of time to make that business more efficient. And as we've talked about on the consumer banking side, we've done, I think, for many, many years after Mary got her job in the consumer banking operation, our focus was dealing with the cleanup, which they've done an exceptional job in the consumer and small business bank about and then turned our attention to becoming more efficient, which she has worked really hard on.  And that's a combination of looking at our branch footprint, staffing within the branches, migrating people to digital, and we're behind on that. But there has been a lot of progress made over the last 1.5 years to 2 years. And so there's still a tremendous amount of opportunity there, but it's in flight.
Charlie Scharf: And I'll just add to that, just to be clear, when we think about the opportunities to continue to drive efficiency in the Company, we're not -- we don't even think about all the expenses related to the risk and regulatory framework work that we're doing. That work is -- and those expenses are -- they're necessary, and those are not excuse for us not to be efficient in everything else that we do. And so, as we talked about in the consumer businesses a second ago, we look across all the things that we do, and there's still significant opportunity to just become more efficient and either reduce the expense base or provide more capacity to invest going forward. And at some point, can we become more efficient in how we run the risk infrastructure of the Company, probably. But that's not on the radar screen and not necessary for us to achieve our efficiency goals.
Charlie Scharf: I think the second part just to -- and again, all I was trying to say is we have a lot of flexibility to deal with things that come our way. And so, we're not anticipating significant additional capital needs. We're not anticipating that any potential downturn could create additional capital need inside of the business. All we're saying is that if anything of those things were to happen, we have the flexibility to deal with that, both because of the amount of earnings that we have as well as the existing excess capital that we have. So you'll add those -- you take that, you say -- we bought -- all those things happened while we bought $4 billion of stock back this quarter. So, we feel we'll be able to continue to return capital and still maintain a very conservative position.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Listen, I would refer you back to my shareholder letter where I wrote about it extensively. And I think we still continue to feel exactly the way we felt when we wrote that letter. It wasn't that long ago, which is we have continued work to do. We feel very confident in our ability to get the work done and that we're making progress. And so, we live in an environment where things can come up. That's always the case. So, we don't want to pretend like there are no risks of other things out there. But if there was anything specific, we would do our best to let you know. And we feel good about the progress that we're making and are extremely focused on making sure that we've got all the attention decked against it. But we're confident that the things that we're doing will close the gaps that existed at the Company when we got here.
Charlie Scharf: We have no concerns over what we're doing in the business. We're not increasing risk in any meaningful way. We've had strong oversight in that business, and we think it continues. And we benefited from business activity, which is focused on customer flow. We have strong financial risk management in the Company and have had that for a long period of time. We have strong risk management over our trading businesses and controls. And I would just be really careful to take the source that you're taking and using that to expand into anything beyond from whence it came. If it was anything meaningful to report, we report it. And as I said, we feel really good about the progress that we're making, and we feel good about the performance of the company. And I think it's that -- that stands on its own.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. And the only thing I'd add is, listen, in all of this, there's -- I tried to say this in our remarks, which is we've said constantly, we don't know what the future holds. We see what the market is saying. Who knows where the market is right or wrong. You have the Fed share who's talking about expect rates higher for longer. And so, we're prepared for a range of scenarios. When we think about giving guidance, we just try and choose a benchmark, which is the market, which is it's a scenario and pick your own scenario based upon what you all think and you can make your own determination what it will be, but we're just trying to give you both like a benchmark and what supports that benchmark, but also be clear that there are a range of alternatives out there, which could make the result differ, just trying to be as apparent as we can.
