Charles Scharf: Sure. This is Charlie. Thanks for the question. I guess -- let me start with the wage inflation. I think we certainly are seeing wage inflation. I would say it's very different across different parts of the Company and very different across different shot categories that we have. And so as we approach it, we're trying to be very thoughtful about ensuring that we are continuing to be as fair with people as we can be as well as paying competitively. We actually are making awards to people in our branches, which equate to roughly $2.50 an hour from the beginning of October through the end of the year.  To thank them for what they're doing, but also address the competitiveness that exists out there and we're evaluating what makes sense for the longer-term. And in places of the Company where we do see wage pressure, we're acting accordingly, but I would not say that it's something that we see everywhere across the entire Company and every single job. But we're certainly prepared for it and look at it very, very regularly as we look at things like attrition and whatnot. To the broader question, I think, first of all, we're in the middle of doing our budgets now as I'm sure you hear from everyone when they do these calls at this time of year.  Our goal is still the same that we've said in the past, which is we still would like to see net reductions in the overall expense base. We are in a unique position in that, I would say in two ways. First of all, we do have the significant amount that we're spending on regulatory orders and we're not assuming that we get efficiencies out of that in the near future. But one day when we built all that's required, that will be an opportunity for us, but that's not even on the radar screen for us right now. But we still have just tremendous excess expenses across the Company. You can see it in headcount.  You can see it inefficiency ratios across the businesses. And what I found here is the same thing I think that Mike and I've seen that a lot of other places, which is it's like peeling an onion back. You think you see what's incredibly clear. Once you actually get rid of those inefficiencies, you then start to see the next level and it becomes part of the culture. And we engage the entire Company is moving that way. So we still think that there extremely meaningful efficiencies that we can pursue for quite some time here which hopefully will both allow us to have net reductions, but also invest appropriately, whether it's in technology or products which, as we've said we're extremely focused on as well.
Charles Scharf: Well, I think it's well -- I would say I do think it's well taken care of? I'll start there, but I think we think about it. We think about it every day that we take actions to stay below the cap. I think as Mike just spoke about, we have significant room on the asset side of the balance sheet, which is we really want to be there for clients where they need you. And so when you're out hustling for business, we're certainly able to fulfill their needs on it doesn't matter whether it's consumer or whether it's a corporate. Our experience has been that we continue to find ways to optimize the balance sheet in a way that has very little client impact. And where we have to move deposits off the balance sheet, we work with customers to come up with other off-balance sheet solutions for them.  And I think my experience has been that customers are very, very understanding of what that is. Again as we think about -- and by the way, we have not limited the growth of deposits on the consumer side at all. When we think about the more long-term impacts, I think we certainly would have liked to have been in a different position if we had a choice, but we're trying to be very smart about having as little franchise impact as possible when we make these decisions and make sure we're communicating with customers. I think the people here at Wells have done an amazing job of striking that right balance. And as I said, I think we're as open for businesses anyone on the asset side. I think customers appreciate that as well.
Charles Scharf: And on the -- this is Charlie. On buying out pay later, I would say, I would describe buy now, pay later as another option of providing credit and serving the merchant. I think as others have said, it's still overall a relatively small portion of the market. But I think it'll be a place for it, but it's not going to supplant all the other types of credit that exist out there. We have our own retail services business; we have our own personal lending business.  And we've got a significant number of merchant relationships ourselves. It's a place that we will be in addition to the products that we have. And over time, my guess is it will continue. It will, seeing a proliferation of people involved now, at some time, at some point will become far more consolidated for all the reasons that these other industries have been consolidated, including those that can really provide a differentiated experience for the merchant. So hopefully that helps.
Charles Scharf: You know, I guess -- I would describe it this way. Everyone focuses on the asset cap, and I understand all the reasons for that, for sure. And I think just what's important to us is that we want to make sure that there's complete transparency, which we believe we have if you read our 10-Q. But also, we want to make sure that you're just thinking about the broad set of things that we're dealing with. And the reality is the asset cap embedded in the FED consent order is one very important order. But we still have other consent orders with other agencies which are still extraordinarily important. We have other inquiries that are in progress that are described in there.  I just think it's important that we're completely transparent. It's nothing different than what we've been saying. And when you talk about [Indiscernible] versus land mines, hopefully, we all work to make sure that we minimize the likelihood of a land mine. But as I said before, there's the interconnectedness, just the pure number of things that we have to do are complex. We're judged on practices that were in place years ago, as well as practices that are in place today. And we're judged based upon the overall progress, based upon the initial due dates of some of these things.  So nothing changes my perspective about net now that we're moving forward. I absolutely believe we are. Again, we have -- we're able to see all the internal metrics every interim date, and things like that, which the outsiders can't see. But we choose our words very carefully on things like that, so I just want to make sure that people understand that we have these things that are out there and don't want you to be surprised if something happens, but it doesn't change our point of view of what the opportunity is and how confident we are about being able to close these things.
Charles Scharf: A couple of things. First of all, we have and I think this is not just us, I think this is true of all banks. We have regular conversations with all of our regulators. Absolutely, with the OCC, as you say there, many examiners in our offices on a regular basis. But we have an extremely open and interactive relationship with the CFPB, with the FED, with the FDIC, and all other appropriate regulators, including the SEC, FINRA, overseas regulators. That is the way we treat the relationships. I have found the FED to be clear, consistent in their approach to issues that relate to supervision. I think this is just a general comment that I would say. I haven't seen things deviate from that. And as I've said, when you look at the consent order, it doesn't say submit a plan. And then we'll talk about lifting the asset cap. It describes in there, what we have to do. And so, you just assume that there is -- we have a constant level of engagement that we're really clear on what we have to do. And we're doing the work to get there.
Charles Scharf: That's a good question, Betsy. I think we're actually doing a bunch of work on exactly what that looks like because we have been very, very focused on net reductions given the fact that we were behind some others. And so the team has done a great work and just terms of identifying, what I will describe as just we had a significant number of very obvious consolidation opportunities they're really not closures, which typically they're really consolidation where we have the appropriate local coverage.  I think the work that we're doing is we -- is to really think through, at this point, where we have significant share, where we have less share, but we have enough concentration. What our footprint looks like in some of those places to figure out how we can actually reorient the existing number of branches that we have over a period of time. So I think the reality is we will continue to optimize because as time goes on, we will continue too needless. We're focused on not leaving communities that need our help without solutions. We're going to certainly wind up with smaller footprints in a lot of the places because branch usage is changing. But we will use that as an opportunity to figure out how to redeploy some of those resources as well.
Charles Scharf: Sure. I think we've got [Indiscernible] falls into four distinct buckets. Number one, is we have our -- think of it as our independent broker channel where it's the old [Indiscernible] words and businesses like that, [Indiscernible] that came together to form that network. We have then financial advisors that work extremely closely with our bank branches and believe that's still a relatively untapped opportunity for us. We also have a platform where brokers can actually go -- and when I say independent those are wrong phrase, in the beginning, those are people who are employees, but we have a platform where people can actually go independent and continue to do the business through us.  And then, we have our online business, WellsTrade. And so we've got those distinct different points of distribution. And we're focused equally on maximizing the value that existed in all of those. Historically, I think we ran it much more as just one big opportunity. And I think we feel like we have underinvested in the online piece and the independent piece for sure. And the bank branch piece is something which we think is just, as I said, just a very meaningful opportunity given the amount of [Indiscernible] customers that we have in our branch footprint.
Charles Scharf: Yes. I would say there's nothing new that we have to do as far as reaching an endpoint. So if you said pre-consent order or post-consent order, does it change what we have to do to build out the right capabilities with the right controls, in this case, in mortgage? The answer is absolutely not. And so again, whether or not it's being done fast enough, in the regulators minds relative to how long some of these things have been going on, which predate many of us. That's the context which they need to look at this end.  Because that's who they regulate and how they have regulated. So again, I think for us, and I'm not minimizing a consent order. Consent order is a very big deal. But the work that's embedded in there, the end-state, is the same end-state that we would have contemplated. Building ourselves. And so there's a lot more formality that's part of the process now, in the OCC will be more deeply involved in the series of the checkpoints, and things like that. And there certainly is some more work that comes out of an exercise like that. But the end-state is the same.
Charles Scharf: I think this -- and I don't want to -- in the perfect world, we'd lay out all of our plans for everyone, but we're obviously not in a position to do that. And I think what I would just encourage you to do is look at the things that we've closed. Hopefully, you'll continue to see progress as we look forward and you'll be able to draw judgments based upon that. And relative to what it means for our business. As I said, we still have a fair amount of flexibility in order for us to grow fee-based businesses and grow businesses that require balance sheet usage on the asset side. I can't give you any more specificity other than we don't want to mislead people.  And it's not as if we're not thinking about the future. And so again, we try and be very careful not to weigh too much on one side or the other. But we've got a lot of people here that serve customers every day and every single person isn't working on a consent order. Many are, we got a huge number of resources that are dedicated to it. But as you see, we're building products in the card business. We are building products in our retail services business. We're doing the same across the digital platforms across the Company. And as we execute on these items, you build the confidence of the regulators.  So it's not as if you have to wait until everything is completely done to be able to continue to move forward, not just with your confidence, but with their confidence in as well. And so, hopefully, in terms of the progress that we believe we're making, that's what we're seeing. And so, you'll see us put all the resources towards these things to minimize the timeframe, but get them done properly at the same time that we're moving the business forward.
Michael Santomassimo: Yeah. And I assume we will see some divergence across different -- some of the peers as you look at this. But if you look at the Commercial Bank as an example, we're actually seeing the demand in the pipeline build in the middle and upper end of the client-base, with a little bit less of demand emerging so far on the lower end, which I know is contrary to what you -- the way you asked the question. But I think that's what we're seeing right now. And I think in part that's because the clients in the lower end of our client base still have a lot of excess liquidity and they're still dealing with supply chain crunches and other issues that are sort of impacting their need for liquidity and their need for credit.  And so I think that'll -- we'll start to see more demand I think more consistently across the client base over time as things play out, that's what we're seeing in the commercial bank. I think when you look more broadly and you look at the consumer side, we have seen balances grow on auto, we've seen them in card. When you look through the home lending data that we give you, we are seeing growth on our kind of core, non-conforming mortgage book as well. That's offset by the declines in loans that we bought out from securities last year.  But we are seeing some growth there, too. And then, you see some growth in the commercial -- in the corporate investment bank. And that's really a little bit of a lot of things happening across the corporate Investment Bank, whether it's real estate, subscription, finance, and other sectors that are really driving some of that growth. And so again, it's still relatively modest so far in terms of what we've seen, and I think it will take some more time for it to really play out in a more meaningful way. But it's encouraging to start to see at least a little bit manifest so far. And I would just encourage you to make sure that you look at the period end balances as well as the averages because it gets -- it certainly gets to the heart of the question. And then just one final thing I'll say on these switches, we're not stretching in any way in terms of credit or pricing or things like that to try and get to a result. We're continuing to the same disciplines that we've always had. And it's going to be a question of no balances are rising because of greater customer activity.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. Thanks, Ken. I think when you think about premium amortization, I think you said it backward, but like we're getting a benefit from premium amortization coming down in the quarter. And you saw that in our results is roughly $90 million a little bit, maybe a couple of bucks less, but and so we expect as we've been saying, we expect that to continue to come down. I think it will be somewhat gradual as we look at the next couple of quarters. You're not going to see big step-downs. I think it'll come down again in the fourth quarter, maybe a little less than we saw from the second to the third quarter. As rates, as you've seen over the last three months, rates have been a little all over the place. It's a bit of a function of where mortgage rates are and there's a little lag to it as it comes through the data. But we still expect the general trajectory to be coming down on premium amortization. It's just a matter of exactly how fast and over what time period that'll happen. I think on the second part of the question, what was the second part again, Ken, the --
Michael Santomassimo: Yeah. No. And again, I -- even on that, I keep reminding people as you look at the third quarter, rates were much, much lower than they are today for most of the second quarter. And so, really, we've seen them rally at the tail end of the quarter and stabilize to come down slightly since then over the last week or so. That gap is closing, obviously, in terms of what's rolling off and getting closer to the overall average in the portfolio, but we still have a little way to go for rate to -- for reinvestment rates to match what's rolling out of the portfolio.
Michael Santomassimo: Yeah. No. It's a good question and I think our constraints going to be TLAC, you know, how much TLAC we have to hold. And I think you can probably model that out a little bit. So we have a little bit more room to go to continue to optimize the mix here and bring the long-term debt down. But it's likely at some point -- it's likely at some point next year, that'll start to change.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. Maybe I'll start with the second one and I'll come back to the first part, Steven. As we think about redeployment, we're still being pretty patient. And as I just mentioned to Ken's question, you look at what's been happening over the last few months. Rates were much lower, they rallied recently. At the same time, the basis between treasuries and mortgages is actually compressed a bit so made them a little bit relatively more expensive. And so I think -- so we're -- and if you look at what's happening in inflation and with tapering coming and we still think that there's more risk to upside on rates than there is downside at this point.  And so we're still being patient as we sort of look at our redeployment there. And when opportunities present themselves, we'll take advantage of them and we did that a little bit right at the end of the third quarter where we accelerated some purchases that we were making given the spike in the rally that we saw there.  And so we'll continue to do that, but we're going to be patient as we see how things develop over the coming months. If you try to think about the range for the full year, we've been giving a range for a reason because there's a lot of moving pieces and there's still a few months to play out.  And I think if we obviously see a faster loan growth than we expect, that'll be a positive. If we see rates move a little bit higher than what the forward curve has, that'll be positive. We still have to, just to keep up with where the securities portfolio we have a lot of purchases to make in the fourth quarter.  And so where rates end up throughout will be important. And then on the margin, there's things like PPP and other factors that sort of drive that and that will be determined based on the client forgiveness trends that we see in our client base. So I think there are scenarios where we could be a little bit better than what we projected there, and there's some scenarios where we could be a little bit worse depending on how all those factors play out.
Michael Santomassimo: Yeah, John. We think about the business exits just separate from the core efficiency we're driving. And for lack of a better way to describe it, if we think that there's going to be a savings of X dollars as these businesses roll off, take the 53.5% and subtract the X and that'll be the new -- our new goal in your starting place. When we gave you a high level, some detail about that in April, and when these close and we've got good clarity on it, we'll be very transparent about how to reset the baseline and starting point.
Michael Santomassimo: They may not all be in the fourth quarter given how the deals were structured, not 100% of the gains will be in the fourth quarter, but a good chunk of it will be in the fourth quarter. And obviously, we'll be clear on what that was when it happens.
Michael Santomassimo: We all dream of faster loan growth. I think we're aligned there like. I think we've got plenty of room to grow on the loan side and whether it comes initially from cash that's sitting at the FED or -- that would be the first place. But if we needed to, we could reduce the securities portfolio as well if it grew much faster than what we expected, that would be a nice problem to have. But at this point, we have plenty of capacity to grow.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. I think on the fourth quarter, you can model based on what your assumptions are. And as I've said, will be near the bottom of the range and you can pick where you think we will be based on how you feel about it. I think for third quarter, the PPP impact was about a 115 million. And just to give you a little context, that was a little bit lower than what we saw in the second quarter and we would expect the fourth quarter to be a little bit lower than that potentially, but that will be -- all be based on how clients -- the pace of forgiveness request that we get from clients. But overall, a pretty small sequential impact. And that's always our forecast.
Michael Santomassimo: Yeah, John, it's Mike. as we said in beginning of the year, we were going to get about 3.7 billion of the 8 billion this year and the annualized impact starts to build as you go through the year. So some of that you get in the run rate coming out of 2021. And some of that will take more time to get at. And as I mentioned, where we have to introduce new technology or other new capabilities, it just takes longer to get at some of it. And as we said in the beginning of the year, this is a multi-year plan, so we're not going to get all of that in the first 12 months by any stretch. And as we get to January, we'll give you a better view of what to expect in 2022.
Michael Santomassimo: Yeah, I think when you look at payment rates, they're still really high. They bounce around a little bit month-to-month in the last quarter. So -- but they're still really high. And so, what you are getting -- When you look at the balance growth you're seeing, you're really getting that through an increase in the point-of-sale purchase volumes that are coming through. Charlie highlighted a bunch of stats based on what we're seeing in the book, but I'd say, overall, spend patterns, spend is pretty -- still pretty strong, pretty stable from where we saw in the second quarter up versus the comparable periods last year or in 2019.  And as you'd expect, in any given week or month, or quarter, the different categories move around quite a bit depending on what's happening based on that time period. And then I think when you look at, as you can see, that point-of-sale volumes dropped 24% from the quarter a year ago, 4% sequentially. And you can see the new account growth which is up quite a bit under 50% from a year ago and 63% from the second quarter, based on the new products we've launched. So I'd characterize it as still really strong activity levels despite the noise you see out there related to the Delta variant and other things.
Michael Santomassimo: Thanks, Gerard. A couple of things. I think so far, we've all, I think, in the industry have been wrong about when credit or how credit will normalize. And at some point, I think we all expect that we're going to get back to more normal charge-off rates. Having said that, the new normal might be different if people, keep higher sustained higher liquidity balances throughout time. So I think that's something that still play out. I think at this point, as Charlie highlighted in his script that we still -- people still have high liquidity balances. We're seeing high payout chart, pay-off rates in credit cards and other loans. And so, there's no reason to think that we shouldn't continue to have strong credit performance in the near term.  12 bases may -- they may not be 12 basis points, but it should still be historically quite strong, at least in the near term. And we will see how it starts to normalize. I think as it really -- Let me add one thing on that. I just think when we think about long-term earnings power of the Company and we talk about our ability to get to sustainable return numbers, we assume that the charge-off number will go up from there. So we agree it's extremely low, that it won't stay here. And as you think about when we think about our returns, we make adjustments for that.  And so, if they do start to rise next year, then it will be hopefully in our assumptions, and if not, then we'll get there sooner maybe, but we'll explain why. And as it relates to the coverage ratio today, as we've said for the last couple of quarters, we continue to be reserved for whole number of different scenarios and hopefully will prove out to be very conservative relative to what plays out over the coming quarters. And if we continue to see trends continue, we'll have more releases as we go.  I think whether you get back to a day one, seasonal levels or not, I think is a really almost impossible question to answer, given it's going to be a function of all the variables you now have to consider, and what your outlook is, what the different risks are at that time. And if you go back to first quarter of 2020, I think we had with 3.5% unemployment at that point, and it was a very [Indiscernible], I think pre - COVID it was a very Utopian environment I think from an economic perspective. And so will we get it back to exactly that outlook, hard to say. But I think we continue to think if things play out, we'll have more releases and that number will go down.
Michael Santomassimo: Yeah, I know -- we've highlighted, Gerard, we think that's a really big opportunity over a long period of time, but it doesn't happen in a quarter or two. It takes some time to really make sure that we've got those relationships built out in the way we want. We really started to put some extra focus on it in a very disciplined way late last year, so I'd say we're still early. I think we're seeing some encouraging green shoots where we've had some opportunities that we've won over the last few months or a couple of quarters that we might not have been in a position to have before that, but it'll take some time to play out, but we do think the opportunity is pretty big.
