Timothy J. Sloan: Well, the first call on any of our liquidity is for our customers, and it’s really going to be focused on core loan growth. As you saw this quarter, we decided to hold $9.8 billion of our confirming first mortgage portfolio primarily, because we viewed it as a very good investment opportunity for us, given the risk award of holding those mortgages, which were very high-quality versus buying a similar duration MBS at a big premium. We were very cautious this quarter in terms of how we thought about our investment alternatives, and we are doing that, because we are thinking about the investment portfolio for the long-term.
Timothy J. Sloan: No. That’s correct. The 10 basis points that we called out in the supplement was primarily because of lower resolutions, and as we mentioned, in second quarter, at higher resolutions, those are going to be volatile on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But you’re absolutely correct when you think about the impact on the non-accretable yield to accretable yield and then the expectation of cash flows from that portfolio that as the housing market continues to improve that we’ll get benefit there.Leanne Erika Penala – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. thank you for taking my questions.
Timothy J. Sloan: Sure. As we mentioned, we added $462 million to their purchase reserve this quarter, which was down from the second quarter, which was $669 million. There is a little bit of noise in the puts and takes here, because the new agency demand levels were actually down. so this sort of new agency demands were down this quarter, which is a good sign. I don’t necessarily think that it means we should declare victory and there are always going to be down, but that’s a good sign that we haven’t seen for a while. The outstanding demands from the GSEs were actually up a little bit, and this reflects a couple of things; one, remember our expectations from last quarter as well as the fact that it’s taken a little bit longer to work through our file request. But the non-agency demands were actually up this quarter. So, there’s a lot going on there. and we continue to have a lot of discussion with the agencies, but there’s nothing that we’ve seen yet that would indicate that the decline that we saw this quarter is certainly a trend I hope it is, but I can’t guarantee you that that’s going to be the case.
Timothy J. Sloan: Sure, I’ll start with origination volume. We ended the quarter with a pipeline that was a little bit less than the second quarter, but it almost $100 billion, it’s still very strong.
Timothy J. Sloan: And as we mentioned, volume has been strong so far this quarter being the fourth quarter. So we expect to have a pretty strong mortgage quarter in the fourth quarter. How long that last, don’t know for sure, but it feels like, it’s going to last at least a few quarters, and obviously, we hope it does. In terms of the MSR valuation, the change that we made this quarter was just to continue to take into consideration, the higher servicing and the foreclosure costs that we’re seeing and to include that in the valuation of our MSR and that yielded $350 million write-down.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, in terms of the NPRs, the Basel III estimate that we have for Tier 1 common equity takes into consideration a relatively conservative implementation of those. So the 8.02% number, we feel it’s a pretty solid number based upon what we know today. We haven’t gotten any further updates or indication just because it’s a working process right now. As it relates to CCAR, we’re really looking forward to going through a CCAR and we’re looking forward to presenting our submission in the first quarter, because it’s the way that we can continue to increase our capital return to our shareholders. And as you know, we had a very successful CCAR process this last year and our expectations are else we will have another successful one.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, I think it’s a very fair point, a good question, because any time we put any asset on the books, we’ve got to think about the risk. It’s not only about what kind of return we can get in the short-term, but it’s about the risk of owning that asset whether it’s a loan or a security, or whatever. And so in making this decision, we took into consideration interest rate risk, credit risk, as well as concentration risk, and we are very comfortable given the size of our loan portfolio and the level of our liquidity and the level of interest rate risk that we have at the company that this incremental increase of $9.8 billion and the incremental mortgages that we mentioned that we will likely put on this quarter on the balance sheet is not going to significantly or materially affect our interest rate risk or credit risk.
Timothy J. Sloan: Gosh, I hope so. There is no question that there is a fair amount of competition out there for assets. I don’t – but again, I don’t think you should look at the $421 million to $384 as a trend that you are going to see on a quarterly basis. There certainly could be some impact and some future decline, but the 384 number feels pretty good.Edward R. Najarian – ISI Group Inc.: And then lastly and I’ll stop.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, our guess as it relates to the best estimate in terms of the refi volume is that that’s going to continue on for a few quarters. so I don’t expect any sort of decline in expenses until that occurs. And it’s again, I doubt it’s going to be next quarter, the quarter after that. In terms of other expenses, clearly, and when you look at the mortgage business, we have other environmental expenses that are elevated for things like the consent order, the servicing settlement, and just the fact that, well, the portfolio has continued to improve, we still have higher than normal cost. And my guess is that those are going to start begin to tail down some time probably in the second half of next year. and in terms of, then just the base operating expenses, as John mentioned, as I mentioned, we’re continuing to look at expense reduction in the company, but we want to do it in a way that’s very focused on the efficiency ratio, because in this environment while we want to be more efficient, we don’t want to give up good revenue opportunities. John, I don’t know.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, I know it can be a little bit frustrating to try to predict any sort of decline in the net interest margin. And part of that is because on a quarterly basis, it can be pretty volatile. I mean if you look back a year ago in the third quarter, our net interest margin was down 17 basis points and then it was up in the fourth quarter, and then it was flat for a couple of quarters. So if you step back and look at it year-over-year, it’s being down 18 basis points. Could we see another 18 to 20 basis points decline in the year, sure we could. Could it be up to 25, you bet. Could it be 15, right, and so that you could see that much change, but we could also see another quarter in the next quarter where it’s up. Again what we focus on, right, is not managing to the net interest margin and again reason for that is the following. We could have easily increased our net interest margin by making some bad short-term decisions. For example, we could increase the duration of our investment portfolio. We could go out and buy a lot of securities that have good short-term yield, but have higher credit risk, right. That maybe a good short-term decision in terms of managing to the net interest margin, it could be a bad long-term decision in terms of how we’re managing this company for the long-term, which again is why we don’t spend the whole lot of time being focused on managing to that margin, but again back to the original question, “Could we see the same kind of decline year-over-year that we’ve seen this year?” We certainly could.
Timothy J. Sloan: Let me separate them into two groups, Matt. The costs that related to just managing the portion of the problem loan portfolio, whether it’s in mortgage or anywhere else within the company, and those are continuing to come down. And so I didn’t mean to imply and apologize if I did that that, that we are – we don’t think those are going to come down until next year. The cost that I was referring to are, what I would describe as the environmental cost related to complying with the consent order and also the servicing settlement and those are works in process right now and it’s going to take us through next year to be able to – to work through the servicing settlement and comply with the consent order. So there is really kind of two different categories Matt.
Timothy J. Sloan: That it – it takes more time now to underwrite a loan, I mean there is more expense on that but we are working through those things.Matthew O’Connor – Deutsche Bank Securities: I’m going to guess it’s at a very high level like, it seems like there’s some puts and takes on the production related expenses, a lot more legwork needs to be done to get loans approved whether it’s refi or purchase, yet, I think the headcount adds been a lot less for the industry and technology is better. So it’s just hard to put it all together. I mean it seems like there is some elevation on expenses, but maybe no there is much to say, few years ago when hiring’s were more meaningful.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, Matt I think it’s a really fair question and in fairness state, the entire industry or anybody that’s in the mortgage business today there is a lot of change that’s going on. And so I think it’s hard to kind of put a hard dollar cost to, this has really been what the impact to the change because it’s still a work in process, I’d have to step back and just again focus on the overall efficiency ratio for the company, which has continued to improve over this last year as John said by about 2.5% and even in the last quarter by over 100 basis points.Matthew O’Connor – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, well, I think you made an important point there at the end. And that is, we're looking at operating leverage and we're looking at efficiency ratio. And so, we are not focused on saying, look, here is the hard dollar reduction that we want to see year-over-year. What we want to see is, we want to see sequential improvement in our efficiency ratio. Now again, the first quarter in every year is going to be a little bit different, but the way that we are measuring, our people who are measuring the businesses is to see that sequential improvement in the efficiency ratio. So we don't have a specific dollar target for next year, but we want to improve the efficiency ratio, so we can get down to stay in the middle to get down to the lower end of the range that we set.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah, again let me, what we are looking for, the way that we measure our businesses internally is look for sequential improvement in operating leverage, in every business regardless of what the business is.
Timothy J. Sloan: I think a couple of things, one, we did see and we are continuing to see some momentum there. I think David Carroll, at our Investor Day did a terrific job in kind of walking through the opportunities that we see in that business, in his business and then in our investment banking business, John Stumpf did a nice job kind of walking you through that at Investor Day, so we’re seeing some good momentum. And I think the other thing that’s really important when you think about the trusts and investment fees is that, the mix is also improving, so that we’re seeing more of that the mix coming from advisory fees, and asset management fees as opposed to just transactional activity. So we’re optimistic that we can continue to grow not only within those businesses, but also that line item.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah.Paul J. Miller – FBR Capital Markets & Co.: No, on the MS, for your servicing portfolio, I’m sorry guys.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, there is a lot of variables in the question you just asked. What’s the economy going to look like, where our interest rate is going to be? But I think what you’ve seen this quarter and not only what you’ve seen this quarter, but what you’ve seen for the last few quarters and the last year is that because we’ve got a diversified model, you’re seeing growth in a number of businesses. I can’t promise you that in the quarter that we see a decline in the mortgage business that everyone of those business is going to be able to pickup the complete slack. I hope it does, that’s what we’ve seen historically, when we’ve gone through these peaks and valleys in the mortgage business. But again, that’s the benefit of the model that we’ve got and that we’ve got other levers to pull, there is other horses that are pulling the stagecoach.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, I mean, yeah, we can – you could always lower your prices and take up share, but I don’t know, necessarily think that’s a good – a good decision always going to be a good decision from a profit standpoint. And it’s a very competitive market out there, we don’t run the business based upon on share, we run the business based upon profitability. Our first call continues to be focused on our retail origination network and then also secondly our corresponding network. As you said, the MBA forecast it could be right, it could be wrong. I think everybody has been surprised that how long this refinance boom has lasted, as I said, we think it’s going to last for a few more quarters. And again, at some point, it’s going to slowdown. As John said, there might be a mix change, we hope there will be and there will be more purchase money mortgages. But again, the important thing is we’ve been through this before. This isn’t something that the folks in our mortgage business or the management team at this company hasn’t seen before in terms of cyclicality in the mortgage business and we will adjust to it.Gregory W. Ketron – UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Right. And then in terms of the – I’m sorry.
Timothy J. Sloan: I don’t know that answer to that. I mean clearly the spreads are attractive today, the costs are up too and the GC was up also. We are hopeful that the margins will continue to be at their present level, but it’s competitive out there. And I think the one thing we know from history in the mortgage business is that when you are at a high level of margin there generally tends to be more pressure down than up. And again, it’s competitive, but it’s a very attractive business for us to be in and we’re really pleased that we are originating one of every three mortgages that’s done in the country.
Timothy J. Sloan: We could and we look at that all the time in terms of what’s the best economic return for the company, not necessarily driven by ratios. but, yeah, I mean and so not only do we look at working out loans on a loan-by-loan basis, but also in the past quarters, we’ve sold our packages of non-performing assets. and we’ll continue to look at that and if the economics are there, and if the economics get better than we could certainly accelerate that.
Timothy J. Sloan: I’m fine.Christopher M. Mutascio – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I am doing well. I promise I won’t ask you the margin or mortgage question.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yeah. you’re correct, I mean we didn’t have a medium-size or large acquisition we did this quarter like, we’ve had over the last few quarters. I wouldn’t necessarily conclude that that’s a trend that we won’t continue to see those. We still have a pretty robust pipeline of opportunities out there. And so we’re not necessarily holding cash to make sure that we’ve got the ability to do it, because even if we had $20 billion or $30 billion less the cash, we would be more than liquid enough to be able to accomplish an acquisition. We’re continued to be very focused on looking at good acquisition opportunities. we’re very pleased with what we’ve been able to accomplish in the last year. And we’re hopeful to see that we’ll continue to see those types of opportunities, but the pipeline is still there.
Timothy J. Sloan: All of it’s not flowing to the bottom line because of the couple of things that happened in the sense of the servicing costs and holding the mortgages. So you could have recognized if, every quarter you’re not going to have servicing cost fee we have adjusted higher, that’s not something you normally do.
John G. Stumpf: And Erika, I think that Tim is absolutely right on that. We are going to be very careful at this point in time, not to just go out there and stretch for yield and take on a lot of interest rate risk.Leanne Erika Penala – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
John G. Stumpf: There are a couple of big, you step back a little bit, a couple of issues that are encouraging, first of all, real estate is getting better. we start in housing a year ago and every quarter we have more confidence that this, we’re not back to where we need to be and it’s not as robust as we’d all want it to be. But that’s good on the repurchase side as values go up. And secondly, we continue to get further and further away or it’s further and really a mirror, the 2006 and 2008 portfolio. So every quarter we go, we’re getting through that. So those are things that are encouraging.
John G. Stumpf: Let me reiterate what Tim just said, which is really important. We are really focused on getting more capital back to our stockholders. That is, best way to do that is perform well as we’re doing and have, the capital we have and Tim said, it’s a lot of work to CCAR and we’re looking forward to it.Joseph Morford – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
John G. Stumpf: Yeah. Let me maybe expand that a bit. Ed, you’re asking the right question. We still think expenses are too high here. But we’ve also said we’re not going to be slavish to a number and turn away revenue. So if we look year-over-year compared to the third quarter of ’11 we’re up now in the expenses of $500 million, but our revenue was up $1.6 billion. So, we think that was a good trade. That being said, we can be more efficient. there are some expenses that we’re getting through compliance and consent and other things that we’ll get better at, that will go away. but even in spite of all of that, we still think we have – our operating expenses are too high and we’re focused on that, but we want to do it smartly. And a 57% efficiency ratio, we’ve come a long way from the low 60s. And we’ve picked up 240 basis points in a year and we still think we have more room to go. And that’s well within our guidelines of 55% to 59%.Edward R. Najarian – ISI Group Inc.: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks guys.
John G. Stumpf: And the other side, think of it, the other half of our revenue comes from non-interest income. And we’ve shown very good growth in that area. So even though as we gain new households, new customers, if they are not borrowing or if spreads are lower there, we do a lot of other things with these folks. And we’ve seen good growth in that area. So overall revenue, year-over-year up 8% those are pretty good numbers.
John G. Stumpf: Yeah, we should. Yeah, that’s a good question. We announced the 55% to 59% at Investor Day in May. And we did at Investor Day because we didn’t want that to be viewed as a range that was for one quarter, two quarter. That’s the range that we believe that we can operate in. Again there’s going to be some seasonality in our expenses. Our expenses are generally up a little bit in the first quarter because of compensational related items. But we think that we can operate within that range, and will be using that range for the time being.
John G. Stumpf: Yeah, what we disclosed in the supplement that is the third-party costs related to the consent order about $100 million a quarter and as it relates to the cost for the servicing settlement, we didn’t disclose those, but assume there is some addition to that.Matthew O’Connor – Deutsche Bank Securities.: Okay. So I guess the bigger portion though is just the cost of servicing some of the troubled borrowers, that part is coming down, because I’d think that’s the biggest piece of your…
John G. Stumpf: And part of the secret sauce there is, David and his team’s ability to work across businesses within the company. So he worked very closely with the community banking side, led by Carrie Tolstedt, very closely with Dave Hoyt in the wholesale side. So there’s lots of work together, because many of our customers who call us their bank, keep their wealth some place else. So there is – we have huge opportunity in this business.Kenneth M. Usdin – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
John G. Stumpf: Let me pause your mortgage present for a minute. The pipeline at the end of the third quarter was down slightly from the end of the second quarter by, I think, $5 billion or $6 billion is still very high. Our mortgage volume in the third quarter was higher than in the second quarter and may be just gets into a little bit of the mortgage future. What we’re seeing so far this quarter is that volume is up.
John G. Stumpf: And Mike, another thing you need to think about is 75% of our mortgage volume this past quarter was refinanced and 25% was purchase money. That’s still a very low overall purchase money market. As we see real estate continue to improve as refis ebb, we might see the purchase volume pick up. So that’s a natural offset. Furthermore as the purchasing volume or if rate rise and those things slowdown, then the servicing asset peoples were valuable. So we have all those things going on, besides the diversified model.Michael Mayo – Credit Agricole Securities:  But at the end of the day, even with the improving in the servicing asset, even with more purchase volume, even with the expense cut in the mortgage unit, chances are you’d still have to rely on some, as you would say, horses outside the mortgage area.
John G. Stumpf: Well, the mortgage business, as you can imagine, this is not the first – we’ve in this a long time, we have terrific leaders there. And they see volumes on a – not hourly, but at daily basis and they have been very good at dialing up and dialing down to adjust to volumes. Now there is truly a fixed component there, but we’ve done this. This is not the first up or down we’ve seen in this business. We’ve seen many of those.Michael Mayo – Credit Agricole Securities: But isn’t this time different, I mean if we had QE4 that could change your whole analysis right? Isn’t it…
John G. Stumpf: I don’t think – no, we’d not say that, but we’re adding people.Michael Mayo – Credit Agricole Securities: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
John G. Stumpf: And it’s also a very good deal for consumers, I mean consumers are getting bargained these days, if you look at the rates on the street. This is very – and this is probably the best time ever to buy a house. Most affordable.Gregory W. Ketron – UBS Investment Bank: Great. Well, thank you very much.
John G. Stumpf: Not really, because most short sales never get to the balance sheet, right. I mean if it’s many of those are done on behalf of our investors, and it’s so that will spend much time if at anything in your NPA area.Betsy L. Graseck – Morgan Stanley: Great, okay, thanks.
John G. Stumpf: We didn’t pick that number per se.Christopher M. Mutascio – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: All right. Thank you very much. Have a great weekend guys.
John G. Stumpf: That’s correct.Marty Mosby – Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Okay. and then when you look at mortgage, one of the things that’s interesting to me is, as you look at the roll-off of the income that you’re getting there, one of the things that helps cushion that blow is in periods when you have higher revenue potential, you find ways to kind of offset that. So in other words, if you look at holding the mortgages, that would have lowered your revenues by like you said, a little bit more than $200 million. :
John G. Stumpf: Well, you’re correct, Marty, particularly as it relates to the decision to hold the conforming production, and keeping on balance sheet, and to have that income flow over a longer period of time during the term of the mortgages as opposed to recognize its gain on sale. So, yeah, I mean there’s no question that when you look at the mortgage business today is very strong.
John G. Stumpf: I certainly hope, I hope that that’s correct Marty. But we did this quarter, we thought it was prudent to do it. But I hope we don’t have a repeat of that in the next few quarters.
John G. Stumpf: Marty, that’s a great summation of how we think about the company over the long-term. We’ve got to make good long-term decisions everyday as opposed to, let’s make a good short-term decision that doesn’t have a good long-term benefit. And so that’s exactly how we think about managing this company.Marty Mosby – Guggenheim Securities, LLC: And, my past history is the way that this works the best is managing the quarters in which you have extra earnings for future investing into the future versus really taking the weaker quarters and trying to clock them off. You make the most traction in creating future earning streams taking those peaks and putting them out into future quarters. So I appreciate it. Thanks.
John G. Stumpf: Well, thanks everybody for joining us and your interest and the way you follow our company. We’ll see you at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you very much. Bye, bye.
