John G. Stumpf: Matt, you focused on the fact that it's difficult to look at the NIM on a quarterly basis and there can be some volatility quarter-to-quarter, so I don't want to provide any specific guidance on the NIM. But as we've said, generally, we think that the NIM is trending down a bit given that the -- that rates are lower. However, as you pointed out, our net interest income was up, and the reason that net interest income was up was because we were able to grow loans and continue to invest in high-quality securities.
John G. Stumpf: Matt, we are taking lots of tires. We are in a unique position that we're not capital constrained. We can do things that make good sense for us economically for our stockholders. As you know, and you know, Wells Fargo well, we are cautious. It have to make a lot of sense for us. And if all we get out of this is sore toes, that's fine also, but there -- because we don't have to do something. But the deals we've done so far, we like a lot. It brings customers. It brings earning assets. And of course, we're not going to do these things unless they're good economically for us. So that's just one of the opportunities we have going forward, and I suspect we'll see more things. And again, if we do some, they'll be done at the right way. If we don't do any, that's also fine.
John G. Stumpf: That's correct. Yes, more is more as I said before. And our shareholders have been very patient, and we'll have to just wait until the 15th of March.
John G. Stumpf: Well, Erika, we have talked a lot about the fact that, in most cases, our customers pay for all the convenience we offer them through more products and services with us, and that's always been the case around here. And in fact, if you look at the hit we took in the fourth quarter, now that the debit interchange number is all through that, it was actually a little less than the $2.50 after tax that we have talked about because we're doing more business. And we actually have more accounts now. So -- but we're always looking at ways to tighten our belt, offer more value, look at ways that customers how they want to pay us for the services we provide, and that's an ongoing process.
John G. Stumpf: There was some background noise during the question, so people put their phones on mute. That would be great while they're not speaking. But anyway, we have -- as I mentioned, we continue to kick tires. We're looking at things, and we'll do that. We're doing that continuously. But again, we're cautious. We don't had to do anything. If we do something, it will be a bolt-on business or it'd be an add to something we're doing right now, either in terms of capability or capacity or new customers. And that'll continue even during this process.
John G. Stumpf: Yes, there's going to be some customers, and we're ramping up. We're going to be helping them, and it's hard to say today how many and so forth. But we're eager to help customers who have 7% and 8% coupons refinanced down to 4%, notwithstanding their loan-to-value issue, which has been the issue. But again, it's hard for me to predict how big that will be. Incidentally with HARP 1, we've been doing a lot of those. This is -- kind of takes it above the 1.25 or whatever the number is. So we'll catch up to you in there, but I don't -- this is not going to be a refinance boom equal to 2003, for example. I mean, a lot of -- there's been a lot of refinancing going on. But there are some customers there, and we're eager to help them.
John G. Stumpf: Well, I don't know that I focus on that. I mean, we're focused on helping customers. And whatever happens with Fannie and Freddie, I mean, we're getting support and approvals that we need. Of course, you know there's been a small increase in the GPs. That probably affects things more than what's happening at Fannie and Freddie's management levels.
John G. Stumpf: Yes, and think of it this way. Since 2008, underwriting in some of these portfolios have changed. So all of a sudden, you have 8 and 9 and 10 and 11, that becomes a more substantial part of your portfolio. And if you look at our delinquencies on residential real estate and you look at how well we're doing in commercial, I couldn't be happy with our progress on credit.
John G. Stumpf: Well, that's all factored in there. I mean, we look at that. We consider that. We obviously have a -- we stressed these portfolios and we look at indicators. And as Tim mentioned, on the consumer side, where you typically see a seasonal run-up in consumer delinquency, we didn't. So that bodes well for the future.
John G. Stumpf: Yes. We've not seen any change in how they handle their guarantees and their situations. So I have nothing to report on that.
John G. Stumpf: As I mentioned in either my formal comments or just made a few minutes ago, we're taking tiers. We're taking lots of tiers and our use of capital on the acquisition side will be for businesses that are bolt on to existing areas of expertise that we have and you've seen that recently, where we did a couple things with Irish assets here in the U.S. It will be places where we can either add skill or scale for customers. And it will, and think of things starting with customers. That's kind of who we are. So, and if we do, like I mentioned, if we do some things, it will be done right, the right price, it will be compelling for our stockholders. If we can't find those things, we won't do them. So it's really that simple.
John G. Stumpf: It's acquisitions and market share gain. We've seen nothing really -- just very, very modest. It didn't account for much.
John G. Stumpf: Well, first of all, there's fewer players that are sharing it. And we have more people on the street and an offering that includes not only loans but other things that help customers succeed, so. And we're not capital constrained. At least we have that escape for us.
John G. Stumpf: Well, we're -- 98% of our revenues come from the United States, 98% of our people are here. We're really focused on -- there's so much growth and so much opportunity here. I mean, I wouldn't rule out -- I never say never in anything. But I can tell you, we are really focused on serving our domestic customers now that we have Wachovia integrated. And surely we help individuals and companies as they do business overseas and vice versa. But our focus is really, our primary focus I should put it that way, is domestic.
John G. Stumpf: Well, it impacts us as foreign banks, especially European banks, are trying to solve for their capital requirements. And they are, as you've seen, offering assets and businesses for sale. And we have -- we have been successful in some of those. And our direct exposure to the 5 most challenged countries, the sovereign exposure is next to nil and our overall exposure is also very small. So we don't have a lot of direct exposure to the troubled countries of Europe. But surely, if Europe's challenges worsen and I'm not going to expect that, but if they do worsen, that would have an impact on the overall U.S. economy or could have an impact and then we could get impacted but our exposure is quite indirect, if you will.
John G. Stumpf: I just think that percentage if we could look at some sample size, would give us some subset that we're dealing with, that kind of puts an upper bound which in my mind, we have to be approaching after the agencies have gone through 2 and 3 years of looking at this stuff. Unless they're coming up with new stuff, eventually they're going to run out. And it seems like we're, at some point, you're going to approach that number.
John G. Stumpf: Marty, the biggest thing in 2006 to '08 was stated income. I mean, that was -- and of course, that's all changed since 2008, so. But we'll get back to you on that.
John G. Stumpf: Just as a comment about the Mortgage business, we like the Mortgage business. We like that business. And we have a -- we've been taking share in that business. For 2/3 of Americans, it's the most significant financial asset they'll have. If you're going to be in the consumer business, we believe you have to be good at the mortgage business and it's a balanced business. So again, I can't predict where volumes and originations are going to go. But we believe this is a strong business for our company and we like it.
John G. Stumpf: It's mostly about us doing more with existing customers. We've already had a relationship. We already lent them money. We already did something with them. And now, because we have 15,000 brokers that are able to help sell a debt issuance or an equity offering. As Tim mentioned, we have great folks who play team ball.
John G. Stumpf: So, Nancy, here's how I think about that. I think, first of all, we love the capability of our people and -- but we think of investment banking or capital markets as another product, another arrow we have in our quivers. We sit down with medium-sized companies and large companies. This is a product and a service that we have that we believe can help them succeed financially. If they choose us for that, that's terrific. If they choose us to do their stock transfer business or treasury management instead of that, that's also terrific. I'm not driven by league tables around here. I'm driven by conference room tables. I want to see us sitting around a table helping customers. So if we grow because we're helping customers, terrific. If we don't grow because their business isn't there but we're getting paid a different way, that's also terrific. And that's where I think we are fundamentally different. We don't have a standalone Head of Corporate Finance that reports to me that has a league table goal. I could care less about that. It's a product that reports into our overall commercial business. They're very good people, they do terrific work. I can't tell you how excited I am about the kind of -- the way they play team ball and work around here.
John G. Stumpf: Well, I don't know other banks as well as he knows other banks. So I know this company. And we surely believe we're in a good spot. But I would make a general comment. What we've been through the last 3 years in the U.S., there's been a lot of capital grown, organically and just through earnings and a lot of capital was raised. The industry is far stronger than it's been in the past. And it takes strong banks and a strong financial system to support a growing economy. This country is in a much better position than a lot of our European counterparts because of the strength of the banks. So I don't know what the stress test is going to show for each institution. I don't have a vision of that. But I know in our case, I don't worry a lot about our capital to support growth in this for us.
John G. Stumpf: And only a couple of billion of it showed up in the fourth quarter, so you can't look at all of the purchase. Some of that was on the third quarter. So there was actual growth in the fourth quarter.
John G. Stumpf: Well, it's more on the type of business as opposed to the size. If you look at anybody or any company involved in the commodities, they're doing quite well and because commodity prices are up, there's lending opportunities there. Agriculture is pretty good, energy is pretty good. So if you -- and manufacturing actually is doing quite well. On the other side, if it's around residential real estate, not so good. So it depends more on that than on size.
John G. Stumpf: And think of our pricing. We price at the relationship level. So it's not only the price on the loan, it's the price on the treasury business, the 401(k) business, the stock transfer business and a whole bunch of other things. So we think it's probably differently than a lot of other companies.
John G. Stumpf: And thank you all for joining us. Again, we were proud of what our team did in the fourth quarter of 2011 and we're excited about 2012. Talk to you next quarter.
Timothy J. Sloan: Sure. As you know, the first call on our liquidity at any time is going to be for loans. And we had good loan growth this quarter both organically and through acquisitions, which we're excited about. When you look at our investments in the securities portfolio, there really weren't a whole lot different than what we looked at in the third quarter. The timing was a little bit different, because you recall, in the third quarter, there was a lot of volatility that occurred in a good portion of the third quarter. So we invested, more or less, ratably across the quarter, which is a good thing. We really didn't change the complexion of the securities portfolio. We continue to invest in high-quality assets across duration -- the duration of the portfolio didn't significant change. As to your last question about capacity, one of the great things about the company is that we're continuing to grow deposits. And we feel like we've got -- have more than ample liquidity to continue to grow and service our existing customers, maybe look at some acquisitions, as John mentioned, and continue to invest in the securities portfolio.
Timothy J. Sloan: Sure. So if you go back to Slide 11, I think that the first -- I'm sorry, Slide 12. The first part of the question relates to the integration, and the integration expenses will be over in the first quarter. So we won't be talking about them again after first quarter. So that's number one. Number two, the incentive compensation and expenses and employee comp in the first quarter is more seasonal. It's not necessarily cyclical. It's not necessarily tied to any business. It's just in the first quarter, you tend to have more incentive comp and in terms of when you recognize it, as well as the fact that you might recognize payroll taxes at a higher rate in the first quarter.
Timothy J. Sloan: Correct. And again, to reiterate, we feel good about being able to see the expenses decline from the first to the second quarter by $500 million to $700 million, which takes us a long way to get to that $11 billion.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes. Matt, I'm not going to comment on any specifics of the capital plan from last year, as well as what we submitted for this year.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, Paul, we did reconsolidate $5.6 billion of reverse mortgages that we have previously sold, based upon some clarifying guidance that SEC provided to the entire industry. So that was the primary driver for the growth in the residential loan line this quarter.
Timothy J. Sloan: We earn a servicing fee that loans continue to be insured by the FHA, so it was more of accounting transaction than anything.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes. Paul, I think the administration set an expectation of about 1 million mortgages as part of this program, and that seems about right to us.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, let's -- sure. Let's start in reverse order. I think, first, on lower deposit costs. I mean, the team has done a terrific job over the last couple years of reducing deposit costs. And given where rates are today, we think that there's still more room to reduce deposit cost. Specifically what that -- the number is, I don't know on a quarterly basis. But if you've seen the last couple of quarters, it's been pretty consistent. And so we're optimistic that we'll continue to make progress even as we grow deposits, which is pretty important. I think if we were reducing deposit across and not growing deposits, that would probably not be a good thing. In terms of the TRUPs, we had a -- or we called about 7 -- or we have about $7.5 billion that are still outstanding and $2.7 billion have a call date in 2012, right. Beyond that, I don't want to provide any specific guidance about the TRUPs. That's part of our capital plan submission, so we'll leave it at that. In terms of long-term debt, we think that we've done a nice job of reducing overall debt. I think, over time, in our overall debt over the last 3 years, I think it's down 53%, which is really good results. But I think, over time, you'll probably see us be a little bit more active in the market as opposed to continuing to decrease long-term debt. But I do think, given where rates and spreads are, that we can reduce our overall debt cost even if we do have to raise some debt in the future.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, escrow deposits were up, I think, slightly. Actually, I can't recall the specific number off the top of my head...
Timothy J. Sloan: But they were up a bit. And that's really reflective of what's going on in the mortgage market. Certainly, if the mortgage market continues to be a strong as it is right now, they'll be the same as the mortgage market comes down a bit. Escrows will be down. But those are the only deposits I will look at as being concerned about, non-interest-bearing deposits being concerned about moving away based upon what's going on in the economy.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes. That's a fair question. Overall, we were very pleased with credit. We continue to have very strong credit. Where we are right now is consistent with the expectations that we've been talking about for the last couple of quarters and consistent with what we're seeing at this part of the credit cycle. NPAs were down almost $900 million on a link quarter basis. That was very nice progress. Charge-offs were stable. Retail delinquencies, 30-plus delinquencies, were normally up and in the fourth quarter due to seasonality and they were stable this quarter, so we're pleased about that. It's an item that we've all forgotten about but our PCI loans continue to perform better than what our expectations. Now almost $4 billion better than our original projections and that we still have 27.5% coverage in terms of the non-accretable on the PCI. So we continue to feel good on credit. Our expectation is that credit will continue to improve throughout this year. It's not going to improve at the same -- we don't think it will improve at the same rate as what we saw over the last couple of years but we'll continue to see improvement. And again, as you mentioned and I'll reiterate it, I think the fact of the matter is that our loan loss reserve release are likely to continue this year.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, the housing market clearly is factored into how we think about our loan loss reserve. And to the extent that the housing market gets better, that's a good thing; if it gets worse, it's a bad thing. But the primary driver in terms of consumer delinquencies and losses is jobs. That's the primary focus from our perspective in terms of the portfolio. But again, at this point in the cycle, where we've had a lot of improvement and the economy is growing but growing very slowly, it's not a surprise that we've seen a couple of quarters of reduced improvement. But remember, even in this quarter, our consumer losses were down, which we're pretty pleased with.
Timothy J. Sloan: Actually, the fourth quarter results in terms of the mortgage repurchase reserve were pretty stable. Total demands outstanding both in terms of the number and the balance were stable in the fourth quarter and recall they're down over 30% from the prior year. The new demands that we saw for the '06 to '08 vintages are still up as John said, that was the vintages that are most problematic. But again for us, relative to the rest of the industry, it's less than an issue. But they were up for Fannie, that's been consistent now for about 3 quarters. Freddie was still within our expectations. But again, it's important to note that our realized losses were $272 million, which were down in the fourth quarter from $384 million in the third quarter.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, let me jump on the first part of your question and I'll let John answer the last. I think that what you're seeing is the fact that we're a very large mortgage lender in this country and that our volumes are up and our market share is up. So it's understandable that because our FHA/VA origination volume has increased since the end of 2008, that there's going to be a natural increase in delinquency. If you look at the performance of these mortgages relative to what we've seen in history, they're not performing any, they're actually performing better than what we've seen historically, it's just that we're a bigger lender. And as you point out, these continue to be guaranteed by FHA/VA. John, I don't know if you have any comments about FHA and VA.
Timothy J. Sloan: Chris, that may be the case. Again, it take some time. When you look at the quarterly numbers, you can get a little bit of distortion. But yes, I think that it's more likely that they'll catch up than not.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, I don't think so. I think -- it's a good question though. The primary driver for the increase was that we had some conforming mortgage production, agency conforming mortgage production that we decided to hold over through the end of the year because we thought we could get a better execution in the first part of 2012. Because the production had already been securitized just by accounting definitions, it had to be classified as a trading asset. We've now -- and it was about $20 billion as you point out. About $19 billion of that $20 billion is already settled and we'll settle the remaining one sometime this week. So I would not look at that increase in the $77 billion as the run rate in the future.
Timothy J. Sloan: There was just a modest positive impact in the fourth quarter. There will be a gain in the first quarter but it's not significant to the company. We just thought we could get a better execution.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, I think there's something more fundamental that's happening. The progress that we're making is being masked by some of the items that we've been very specific to call out. But as we mentioned on Slide 12, we've reorganized and consolidated our consumer lending businesses. There will be a lot of savings related to that. We're combining many of our staff functions and technology groups and we can do that now that we're almost done with the merger. We do believe that there's some cyclically high mortgage costs that are going to roll off. So it's a combination of a lot of different things but it is a result of a lot of hard work and effort on the part of the team.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, I would describe it as being more reflective of what's going on from an economic standpoint, from a regulatory standpoint. We made a lot of really thoughtful decisions about how we were going to be organized in a different environment in the first quarter of 2009. And we've made a lot of success. We've had a lot of success in integrating the platform. As you recall, about a year ago, we've stepped back and said, "Well, how do we want the company to look going forward?" And we're making some changes reflective of what's going on in the environment right now. I think it's really important that we continue to improve. This isn't just about reducing expenses this year and hoping for the best. It's about a focus on providing more value to our customers. That's the primary driver of our expense initiatives, how can we drive more value to our customers and be more efficient.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes. Marty, it's a fair question. But candidly, we have not set a specific efficiency goal. We set a run rate. So the efficiency is going to be whatever it's going to be based upon where our revenues are going to be in the fourth quarter. But clearly, we think that a 60% rate is too high.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes. Marty, I don't know if 53% or 54% is doable. I think historically, if you look at the company, we've been down in that range. The company's changed a little bit. But again, we haven't set a specific efficiency goal target. We're focused on that $11 billion.
Timothy J. Sloan: So a lot of questions there Marty, which I appreciate. That's okay, it's okay. I think that when you think about the kind of the context of the repurchase demands that we're seeing, there isn't anything really new. I think that what we've seen is a steady review by Freddie Mac and then Fannie Mae during this year accelerated its view. But the issues are really not that different. And from our perspective, as we look at our portfolio, it has much more to do with vintage than anything. And we're slowly but surely kind of working our way through the vintages. The repurchases was pretty flat. Our losses were down for the quarter. In terms of the answer to your bigger question, what I'd like to do on that one, Marty, is just punt and have our IR folks get with our mortgage folks and get back to you because they're going to provide you with a better answer than I'm going to.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes. I think that the margin was up from the third quarter. It was up to 190 basis points from about 134 in the third quarter. And that's something that you see typically in periods of increased demand. And as we've mentioned, we've taken share so that's good. I don't know where the margin is going to be in the first quarter. Clearly, 190 is very attractive. We hope that it continues to be in that range. It might. It might not.
Timothy J. Sloan: No, it's not, Nancy. I think it's just reflective of the fact that it's a different competitive environment, number one. Number two, we have many more relationships than we had a few years ago. And we've got a great team and so they're out providing advice and service to those relationships but it was really pretty broad based. It's not for one specific product or trading activity or industry. It's really reflective of the fact that when we think this is a good business for us and we think we can continue to grow it, but we're going to grow it in our way that's very focused on risk and very focused on providing the right product and service to the client.
Timothy J. Sloan: We don't really calculate an excess liquidity number at the company, Betsy. I think that it ebbs and flows based upon deposit growth and the opportunities we see in terms of loan growth and acquisitions and investing the securities portfolio. So I mean, I wish I could give you a specific answer but that's not the way we think about it.
Timothy J. Sloan: Well, I think it's about the same. As we talked about, we got a tremendous amount of deposit growth in the third quarter. We got a lot of deposit growth in the fourth quarter when you think about it, we're up $30 billion in one quarter and then turn the clock back and how that would feel 2 or 3 years ago. But we've got more than enough dry powder to take advantage of the organic growth that we're seeing from our customers, which is strong as well as look at any acquisitions. But as John said, we're going to look at a lot of acquisitions. We may make none of them, we may make a lot but we feel good about where we are from a liquidity standpoint.
Timothy J. Sloan: So I'd rather not be specific about what our hurdle rates because if we're in a competitive situation, then our competitors might know what we're trying to solve for. But I can tell you, as we look at the portfolios that we purchased today, those portfolios have been higher-quality portfolios and the yields have been consistent with our existing commercial real estate portfolio. We really don't -- we don't have a specific hurdle rate that we would necessarily apply to every portfolio or every business because the risk in those businesses and portfolios can be different. You got to do it kind of deal by deal, opportunity by opportunity, just like when you underwrite a new loan that you look at the risk to that existing customer. And also, Betsy, we bring other things. We bring, when we do sit down with a potential seller, we also want to get paid for the trust these folks have in us that we'll complete the deal, and that we have the capacity to complete the deal. We don't re-trade it. So these are all, these all add into the mix. And in some cases, we're not even the highest bidder when we get deals.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes. I think the important thing is to appreciate that you shouldn't get too focused on what happens quarter-to-quarter because you can have a lot of the activity that happens over the quarter. I would not be concerned about our ability to grow commercial loans at all.
Timothy J. Sloan: No, no, no. We didn't necessarily pull back. A lot of it can just be timing. I mean we have a bunch of loans that and transactions you're working on that could, you think might close toward the end of the year and they don't. They close in the first part of the next year or the next quarter.
Timothy J. Sloan: No. I think it understates what's going on. I think the important thing from our perspective, Fred, is that we've got the ability to grow loans in various loan types, as well as make acquisitions. And depending upon the timing in the quarter or any given quarter, some might be growing faster than others. And I really think you've got to think about it as a total of all of them. And I wouldn't look at loan growth that we had from acquisition as being a bad thing. That's just part of the opportunities that we have to grow.
Timothy J. Sloan: Yes, yes. I think that's right. I mean, I think that the rate of decline is slowing just a little bit but that's a very fair characterization, which again is why we're focusing on net interest income as opposed to just the yield.
