Rich Kunes: Sure. The smash box integration cost is about $0.05. The impact of the tax rate differential is about $0.10 or $0.11. And the other $0.10 is due to exchange and that’s based on the most recent forecast that we’re using, but as we say that can obviously fluctuate during the year.
Rich Kunes: Okay. Travel retail was -- I know was tremendous improvement, about 44% but you have to take that in the context of what was it in 2009 and our business was way off, so compared to 2008, that sales growth of TRD was high single digit, 8% to 10%, somewhere in there. The other two pieces, I am sorry, I don’t have for the quarter, but perhaps Dennis can get you those offline.
Rich Kunes: Yeah. And in the U.S., as you know, Wendy a lot of our turnaround brands are located, most of the business is in U.S. so as we improve those we should see some good movement in profitability of the Americas, but as Fabrizio says the fast growth of our Asia region, which is highly profitable, the fast growth of our TRD will somehow mitigate the development between the U.S. and those as regions but we should see some good movement in North America.
Rich Kunes: No. It’s just a big bulk, the $50 million has hitting our P&L in fiscal ‘11 so a lot of the investment and changes we’ve made have been during the course of fiscal 2010, but the dollar value impact of those is not as great in 2011 and the full impact actually hits us in 2010 and the full impact hits us in fiscal 2011.
Rich Kunes: Hi, Chris. I’ll address that a bit. I think you saw a -- we had an amazing progress in the first year of our strategy. Much of the savings came from things that weren’t reliant on real big structural changes or on the implementation of SMI. And we still have quite aggressive targets for the remaining of the strategic period. Much of that will come, again through things that take a bit more time and a bit more energy and structure, like redesigning our distribution network and reshaping our supplier network and things like that. In addition to that, some of the savings will really be driven by the full implementation of SMI. So we expect to continue on the journey through the strategic timeframe and beyond.
Rich Kunes: Right. You have to look at where the savings came from to-date as well, Chris. Some of what was resizing and restructuring around an organizational change which is 90% completed at the moment. Some of it -- a big portion of it was around managing a few of our cost of goods and mix and getting our SKUs in line and we have further progress to go in some of those areas but we’ve made a tremendous change in a short period of time and we can’t -- obviously there’s not that much more to go related to those two opportunities so it is heavily weighted and they are sustainable, but they’re not replicable, if will you. We can’t continue to take -- improve our operating margin 400 basis points a year. So the pace does slowdown. And a lot of it, as Fabrizio mentioned earlier, is enabled and Greg mentioned enabled by the implementation of SAP and that’s a process that we’re going through and we have a ways to go yet.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. First of all, let me answer immediately the second question. Yeah, we believe we will continue to increase from 60 to very gradually overtime, but we hope to increase now at a slower pace because we believe we’ll go back to more different growth, also in our North American business. In fact, our estimate already for 2011 is to start growing again also in the U.S. So the pace of change between International and U.S. is supposed to change from now on, given this result. The second, our margin long term will continue to grow in every region and we will continue to make improvements in North America region, but some of our International regions, namely Asia and some of our division, namely travel retail, will continue to be on very important, because they have margin accretive overall and will continue to be margin accretive for the long term.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. As you know, we spent not a lot of -- we did increase advertising, in the first six months we increased advertising more aggressive in the second six months of this fiscal year. In the last quarter we increased advertising very strong 35% as we communicated this was due to a couple of things. First of all, because we had some important initiatives concentrated in the period and second, because we were learning and testing some new way to advertise, the better way proven to be very effective. So for the total year, we grew advertising about 7% and we believe that in 2011 we continued in that direction. So we plan to continue increasing advertising on the high single digits. So this trend with advertising growing in line with sales was slightly ahead is probably the trend that we are going to see. But obviously we are still in the middle of our learning process, so these numbers are subject to be adjusted and changed as we learn. The key learning here is that as I have explained, I think in my speech is that we have learned that having some high quality and high advertising and some great initiative is essential to attract new users to our distribution and to our concept. And there we are able, thanks to our high-touch service to sell more products and to create better loyalty to our brands and to retain those consumers. So the combination of our business model is proving to be enhanced importantly from focused high quality advertising on key initiatives. And I think we will be more and more able to exploit this new learning in the future year, spending in advertising at a decent level.
Fabrizio Freda: So yeah, we have seen our competitors increase advertiser spending this is very different by region and very different by category. There has been some intense spending from prestige cosmetics competitors, particularly in skin care, mass competitors, also advertising make-up and then we have seen some competitors investing more in Asia, other competitors being much more aggressive and concentrated on Europe, so it’s a very, very different by region and by competitor. But the key point is yeah, competition is also increasing advertising spending as the economy recovers and as consumers become more sensitive to spending again. In terms of our growth in July, September, Smashbox will be accounting for one point out of 11, 13 points. The rest is really organic growth of our business and so our business really growing fast in this quarter. As we said, as a result of the fact that the key 35% increase in advertising in the last quarter this year was mainly focused on some key initiatives which are winning big and we’re mentioning in our note that the Clinique Even Better Clinical or Estée Lauder advanced night repair or DKNY pure, we had numbers of very successful initiatives driven by advertising and now are not finish to grow and not finish to bring new fresh volume and new consumers into our portfolio.
Fabrizio Freda: No. I’m not sure I understood the question, personally the question. The change in advertising is only a specific learning that advertising focused on our best initiatives, is more rewarding for our business, because it’s able to attract consumers, thanks to this new very interesting innovation that we bring to a very high level of awareness in the key countries. We attract new consumers to our counters and the fact that we are investing, improving our high touch services with all our retail partners, this combination is proving to be share and to be win where we exercise it. So what the real change of philosophy is that there will be fewer bigger initiatives supported by heavy advertising as an alternative to many small initiative each one of them supported by a little bit of advertising. That’s the real change in philosophy. And the other change in philosophy that then we had identified in each one of our key brands, some very interesting new initiatives or re-launching of assisting with assets for the next three years, that we plan to support with this new model of advertising. And so we believe that we will continue to have for the next two, three years, similar success that we’re having today with advance Bill Lauder opening to make it even better, DKNY pure on every single brand of the company and on many new promising initiatives in the future few years.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. I think the quarter-to-quarter -- the point is quarter-to-quarter, yeah, quarter-to-quarter may be slightly more volatile, because depending on where the big initiatives will be launched this will create some volatility in the quarter, that’s correct. But year-to-year, actually, I believe it’s not the case, year-to-year, where we consistently grow and consistently deliver better growth then what we could have delivered with a different model.
Fabrizio Freda: No. Bill this is not pipeline, really this is consumption. The pipeline on most of the initiatives, for sure in skin care and makeup, happened actually during the last six months. This launches are ready out there, so these launch is now with the more marker, there will be more impactful, they are attracting a lot of consumers to start repeating purchases. So it’s about growth. The other aspect that I think for the quarter, July, September we should keep in mind that July, September last year was still impact by pretty low economy and by very weak markets in many countries of the globe. We started seeing some recovery of the markets as of October and more importantly, particularly in the U.S. as of January. So it’s also true that in terms of market power, the base of July, September was an easier base, so the combination of strong initiatives and easier base is giving us a very strong quarter. It’s in the about pipeline. In terms of stocks and stocks build up in the market what we see is that in North America and in Asia, the stock seems to be pretty stable we don’t see any more big stock -- neither for us, nor the market in general. While we continue to see actually some destocking in Europe and we start seeing other countries some restocking is in travel retail. Those are phenomenal that we are assuming in our numbers.
Fabrizio Freda: Again, on the year, you’re seeing a very big improvement in profitability of fragrances. So I believe that our fragrance business has developed the best in one year as that you know is a four year plan so our fragrance team is focused to continue improving profitability also over the next year and this will -- and we are very committed to this progress. But the progress in one year has been amazing, it’s been driven by many factors. We were losing money, before now we are making money and as the important first step. But the journey will continue.
Fabrizio Freda: I think we’ve said our guidance for gross margin was 50 to 70 basis points. Our guidance for operating margin was 50 to 90 basis points so there is a little bit of a differential. In our operating expenses, you are exactly right, we are making savings and there will be savings reflected in those numbers. But we’re also investing in capabilities and we’ve talked about that for some time. The biggest impact of that financial impact is felt in fiscal 2011. Those capabilities around R&D, consumer insights, digital or the main themes of that, so those are big numbers that we’re in there. And there’s also, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that there’s a cost related to equity based compensation based on the higher stock price as well. So those are some of the things that are offsetting, if will you, some of the savings, but our operating margin after coming off a year of 420 basis points, then to grow another -- between 50 and 90 basis points, we’re moving towards our long range target, which we took up to 12.5% to 13.5% and we’re making pretty good progress, so we think so we’re going in the right direction.
Fabrizio Freda: But if I can add one thing is, you are essentially right, I said that we would have invested about $50 million in new capabilities during the two year plan and by the end of 2011, we will have finished this meaning the entire 50 will be spent. The majority of this 50 are impacting for the first time in 2011 and that’s what you see. But by the end of ‘11 we will have spent an entire 50 and that will be it. As you know, we have added a new productivity rule that we’ll already start using in 2011 where from now onward, we will increase people resources and spending at a level which is well below saves and in this way we will continue increase productivity for the years to come.
Fabrizio Freda: And also, this is Fabrizio. What I want to add is that, after we have reached the 550, we will not stop looking for savings. And as Greg has explained, by 2013 we should have almost completed also our SMI project. And the fact that will be SAP across the globe, the fact that we will have SMI finalized, which includes a lot of new more modern processes and the way of managing our business, this in our opinion will liberate the opportunity to look for even more savings after that. So when we say that now we are confident to reach the maximum of 550, we many by 2013. We don’t mean that this is the end of the opportunity and SMI that we have building the next two years will be then enabler of the important next steps that we are working on.
Fabrizio Freda: This is a very good question. My philosophy I think I explained, I said that I believe that after this first step, we he will continue to improve. That’s why I said step-step, with productivity. In other words, the combination on productivity rolls and continuing managing our organization in efficient ways and accelerated sales, topline sales, will create year-after-year strong productivity improvements that will continue bringing us in the right direction there. The second thing that you comment on is that some of the savings will be enabled by things that today we don’t have yet. I keep saying that, but SMI is a very important enabler, is very difficult to restructure distribution centers around the globe without the right systems and without the right processes. It’s very difficult to get many of the savings that we had in the very accomplished international set of 45 without the right system and the right project to get there. So obviously there is a next step of savings available when we have concluded that, but in order to access the next step, we will need to add the right system, the right processes and this will take the next couple of years to be finalized. So while those couple of years will go, we will be focusing on the save that is we communicated to you and then we will he continue focus on productivity and on the rest of the savings. Thanks for the SMIzing. The investment, I think I’m pretty clear on what is the deal and this is also reflected in the fact that let’s not forget we have dramatically improved our return on invested capital. I’ve been saying from the first day that I was bringing in this measure into our way of operating and we are making progress on returning invested capital. This should also reassure that you step by step we are getting the right direction.
Fabrizio Freda: And one thing to keep in mind as you remember that, in fiscal 2010 we really were -- we cut back on our spending until we saw clarity to the year so when you look year over year you would naturally assume there would be some higher spending growth in the first half of our year around a lot of areas versus fiscal 2010, but that’s really just a reflection of the conditions of the market that we were in early in the year when we were very conservative in fiscal 2010, some of that coming back to more normal levels in ‘11.
Fabrizio Freda: We grew share in prestige aggressively. We know that we don’t have the doctor and the number to make it an official claim on total market. We believe that we have been probably stable on total market in our assumptions and that’s exactly the point. You are right. I think that over the years, mass in some economies like the U.S. has been growing faster than prestige. And I think that what we have learned is that when we use the new model that we can compete more effectively against. First of all, not in every market of the world this is happening. There are many markets around the world where, as we speak, prestige is being consistently growing faster than mass. There are other markets, namely US, when the last five, six years this isn’t happening. Now, the good news is that as of January, we really tested our new way operating meaning, this launches and this excellent initiative, like Even Better Clinical, supported advertising, print advertising, but honestly also for the first time TV advertising, print advertising and an a normal amount of digital activities. So the combination of new TV, print and digital, this is the first time that we have done, for sure the first time in the US. As in combination with our renewed high-touch services, meaning our better way to provide seat and services in store to our consumer has generated impressive growth, also faster than mass. In the January-June period, the first time in many years in the U.S. where the skin care category in prestige in department store and specialty stores has been growing faster than in mass. And we believe this has been also for -- because of the contribution that our special initiative has given to our department store and specialty store to attract back users that may have chosen to shop also in mass in the past. So this is just the beginning of a journey, but I believe we can compete more effectively with mass as well. Again, consumers in the U.S. have 12 products on average at home between makeup and skin occasions and these 12 products for the large majority of consumers comes from any channel. So the real competition is competing for market share of the consumer bag or whatever the consumer had in their bathroom. That’s the real mark share that win-to-win and the model that we are learning to use I think will be capable also of beg more efficient on that front, on top obviously of continuing building aggressive market share within prestige.
Fabrizio Freda: And Rick, the total spending was exactly in line with what we had anticipated for the fourth quarter. But I think one of the beauties, if you will of, the process that we have now, that Fabrizio has described, is our ability to see an opportunity for us and to move monies into where the biggest opportunities are or in the best markets or the best categories of business, on a relatively quick basis to be able to take advantage of things that we see in the marketplace. So we’re maintaining a high level of flexibility, but we’re also obviously trying to achieve our financial targets in their totality.
Rick Kunes: Let me tell you where I believe the momentum is. First of all, I think we are delivering what we said. I said that we would have been growing 1% ahead of market in sales and reached by 2013, 12 to 13 margins and that was the first pace. Then I said after we would have clarified the plan how to reach a 15% margin, but this was premature for the time being. Now, vis-à-vis these goals, the thing is our goals, we and the entire organization has been focused on. Vis-a-vis these goals, we are growing more aggressively than that. We are growing more than 1% ahead of market and particularly in 2011, our 6 to 8% growth is going to be well ahead of this in addition goal and well ahead of the average of the market. So we are continue to be, but you are right, historically, we have been a good growth company and we are actually becoming an even better growth company, in my opinion, thanks to the new ability to use innovation and high touch in new ways and thanks to the important contribution of some new winning regions lake Asia or -- second, we have delivered our savings, proving to ourselves what will be a year -- a year ago was not so obvious that we can ex call it with excellence and proving to ourselves that we can deliver and over deliver our cost savings as we become focused on them. And not only cost savings, but we have proven that we can also manage pretty aggressively over our cash elements that we have reduced inventories, amazing work on receivables, so I think that the financial and operation a.m. discipline that was discussing in the beginning of this journey seems to be really proven after the first year of going. Then we also are saying that this initial identified cost savings are going to be delivered top range and we are saying that then we are creating a new element of sustainability like SMI that that will produce the next group of saving. we today don’t feel yet we can deploy and commit to because the work is not finished, but we are working on it. And finally, we are seeing that because of the first year, it’s only one year, by the way, the first good year of this journey, we are really in a position to commit on the high end of the cost savings and important to commit to as a point more, margin target for 2013. And I know that this brings to us 13.5 and not to 15 as some of the market believes. But also I said that the $15 is something we believe one day we can reach, but today is a bit too early to create a new target before we have proven sustainability of the initial target now increased and before we had really demonstrated that we can also execute some of the other elements of the plans that we are in the process of analyzing. So we believe that the momentum come from growth, the momentum come from our financial discipline, ability to deliver the savings we commit to, the momentum comes from the fact that we are actually increasing our commitment for 2013 and that we are confirming that thanks to SMI a more long-term approach we have visibility in the long-term for the 15%. So we are a growth company which is becoming a better growth company and we are a company which is proving to be able to grow step by step the margin over the few short years which is, in my opinion, the idea of sustainable profitable improvement. So in terms of step by step, we spent a lot of time on this conference call, helpfully, I might add, on cogs and some cost savings to get gross margins up but don’t you think there’s a certain limit there? I mean at 7, 7% plus gross margin perhaps I’m too simplistic even misguided, but 77% gross margin, 4% operating margin this quarter or even 12% operating or 12.5% operating margin going forward. It doesn’t seem it is much more bang for the buck on G&A, on more overhead, on more ROI analysis in some of the spending is and more, maybe sophistication than what you’re describing, I was just spending more on big endeavors? And I wonder whether that’s something you guys will focus on. I guess I say in that the context of step-by-step. I think for its worth to get to the 15 or get to something more sustainable from a momentum perspective, continuous improvement in G&A may not be enough. It may be something more like immediate improvement or something wicker. Aim just trying to get a sense of your philosophy on that aspect of the P&L which has barely been really touched, in my opinion.
Rick Kunes: Lauren, I think -- when you look at one of the comments that was in Fabrizio’s prepared remarks, he mentioned that all expenses other than advertising merchandising and sampling decreased year-over-year as a percentage of sales. So we are taking costs out of things that really don’t build brand equity, don’t build the future, don’t support that growth that we’re looking for as a company and don’t support, if you will, the build the improvement of our profitability target. And I think that’s a clear indication of sort of our longer term strategy, which is take things out of the way we run our company that are inefficient, take things out that do not drive topline sales growth that do not drive brand he can, make our profitability targets and continue to grow our company faster than markets and I think we’ve given an illustration of that in our first year and our guidance next year is built around that same philosophy. Thanks So regarding, see if will, belt tightening expenses, we said that 70% or so of those expenses will come back into the P&L and they did, but we more than offset those expenses coming back by $364 million of permanent savings around our savings targets. So those expenses are a thing of the past, if you will, that belt tightening is over with and are taking permanent costs out of the organization
Rick Kunes: I don’t think we’ll see much of a rebuild. The only rebuild activity would be around some of our significant maybe product launches where obviously we ship in, in anticipation of a launch, but other than that, I don’t see retailers taking -- building their stocks back up from this point, but with the exception. Most of them are back to a level that’s probably where they want to be and we think they are going to be a little bit more cautious based on history than they maybe were in the past.
Rick Kunes: No. I think we will, as I said, we will continue to increase advertising, more or less in line with the growth of the company, so we don’t -- we believe that we need just to continue to grow advertising. The only cost in which we are increasing is advertising. In other words, we are taking out costs from every single point of the company, costs that were not adding value and we are reinvesting part of in this advertising. So that’s what is working for us. And that’s what I believe will continue working for us.
Rick Kunes: Yeah. Just want to say one thing. We are a very different strategy depending by region and by brand. So I cannot make a generic statement. It is a fact that in Asia Pacific, particularly in markets like China, or in other marks like Russia, we have made the explicit decision to grow to market share leadership some of our key brands and in Asia, as I have said in my prepared remarks that Estée Lauder is now market leader in our distribution. That’s a mega achievement. Having the market leader in the fast growing market of the world is an important achievement that is a very strong asset for our future. And so we have gone for it. We have gone for it, with the right approach meaning supporting the brand equity and the key initiatives, making them as local as possible in their execution, which goes to the other point I covered about local relevance, new R&D centers, Asia, et cetera, et cetera. So this is the aspect. And in order to finance these aggressive initiatives, management is spending, we have capped other activities, namely promotions. We have been capping promotions. We have been capping repurchase, for example, in many brands around the globe in order to finance more equity building and share leadership building activities. So I believe that this has happened in a pretty healthy way.
