Tracey Thomas Travis: Sure. We have different gross margins, depending on the different channels of business. So as it relates to our growth in retail, as we grow our retail business or our online business, for that matter, we would expect that gross margin – that's a benefit to our gross margin from an overall average company standpoint. There are other channels and brands that have lower gross margins. So as we've spoken in previous quarter calls, depending on the mix of our business in any given quarter, you would – you will see a range of gross profit margin performance and operating margin performance, which is why we continue to focus on the full year in terms of the guidance that we give and you should expect.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So I'll answer the second question first. Regarding this shift in terms of our IT infrastructure, it is not like the application that we implemented with the SAP initiative. So, the SMI initiatives though, we will not expect to have an inventory build similar to what you've seen, thankfully, for SMI over the last few years.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the only thing I'll add to that is, embedded within our guidance for the balance of the year; this was, to Fabrizio's point, a very, very strong quarter for EMEA, and we do expect that to continue, certainly benefiting from both the tourist as well as strong execution of our brand programs in the region. A bit moderating for the balance of the year, relative to what we experienced in the first quarter, largely benefiting, particularly from some of the shifts in the quarter that happened fairly quickly with the MERS situation, as well as the situation that we referred to in China, and people changing their travel plans, in addition to the benefiting from the lower currency in Europe.
Tracey Thomas Travis: All right. So, Javier, let me go ahead and start. In terms of new door openings, for freestanding stores, now we referenced both freestanding store and freestanding format openings, as well as some of the openings that we're experiencing in travel retail. But as it relates to retail, freestanding stores and freestanding store formats, we expect to open about 250 this year. As it relates to in our growth algorithm of 6% to 8%, how much we're expecting to come from distribution, it's about 2% to 3% of the 6% to 8%. And as it relates to the acquisitions this year, we're expecting about 50 basis points of our growth in that 6% to 8% to come from the new acquisitions that we did last year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah. So, I will start on and I'll let Fabrizio pick up on the environment and our expectation as it relates to sales. But I think in terms of our comfort level with raising our guidance, one of the things that we are saying is better leverage on some of the initiatives that we were expecting for this year. We've talked a lot about our flexibility and agility as it relates to expenses. And the ability that we have created over the last few years to shift resources to fund the initiatives that are driving more momentum. This certainly starting this quarter there was a tremendous amount of uncertainly, we bet on some strong winners this quarter. Hence, we're able to deliver the quarter and we think we have better insight into what will work for the balance of the year relative to the initiatives that we started the year with. So, that gives us comfort in terms of our ability to deleverage our initiatives a bit better than what we had initially anticipated.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And Bill, as it relates to NPD information and shipments versus sell-through, I assume you're referring to the U.S., the North America NPD numbers. And a couple of things that I would point out; in our first quarter, September is a pretty heavy shipping month for holiday sales, so that would affect shipments, and you wouldn't necessarily see that in the retail sell-throughs and the market share information. And also, free standing stores are not in that information...
Tracey Thomas Travis: ...and online, so – or not our online site. So those are two elements that are missing that are certainly in our numbers when we report, that you don't see in the NPD numbers.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So, Wendy, we're definitely not being wildly conservative with the numbers. We actually did, when you think about the fact that we maintained our full-year guidance and we talked about experiencing another $0.06, or expecting to experience another $0.06 of currency impact based on the current spot rates, indeed we did raise our guidance for the full year. So, we did flow some of the beat in the first quarter through to the full year. But it is a very uncertain macro environment and, as Fabrizio mentioned, there are many markets that are volatile right now, and currency still remains volatile right now. So, we were not comfortable flowing 100% of the beat through in the first quarter to the full year, but we certainly flowed a portion of it through.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And so, to continue what Fabrizio said, one of the benefits of being able to execute well against our strategy inclusive of the agility, the diversity and the agility that we've created from executing in our strategy is that our free cash flow, as you all know, has increased quite dramatically over the last few years. We've seen a big acceleration in our free cash flow which has allowed us to take up the dividend as well as repurchase more shares every year, as we on an annual basis review and get approval from the board on terms of how much of our free cash flow will we distribute to the shareholders. Much of that cash is generated overseas, and so, we have taken on small amounts of debt as we have committed to that strategy. And we've also taken on debt, and as I've shared with you previously, we'll continue to take on debt for acquisitions as we need to in the future.
Fabrizio Freda: And in term of market share, as you can imagine, we are growing global market share, with net retail sales in the 8% range, and with the market growing at this point, from our estimate, around 4%, we are really growing strongly global market share. However, in some areas, in Lauder and Clinique particularly, the market share could be flat or declining. For example, you ask about Asia. In Asia, Lauder is the clear market leader in Hong Kong. And in China, with the softness of these two markets, obviously, the overall market share in Asia of the brand is under pressure. And Clinique, which is the overwhelming market leader in U.S. mid-tier department store, with the lower growth in this channel versus the other channels in the U.S., also Clinique market share overall in that area will be under pressure. But overall, globally, we are doing a very good progress in market share, again with the same strategy of a good portfolio by category, and then by channel and by country.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. Our estimate is, our sales to Chinese is up, and it continues to be very, very strong and very solid overall around the world, but as we explained, where this growth happens is changing. And then, depending of the market share of our brands in the specific area where the Chinese are going, then there could be a bigger or lower impact. So the fact that there is an issue in Hong Kong in this moment, obviously that's a negative for our sales to Chinese, because we are, as a company, the market leader in Hong Kong. But overall, as you said, we are getting great benefits in Europe and we see good progress in other markets where – like Japan, where the Chinese in this moment are going and buying a lot. Finally, you see an impact on the U.S., mainly in the U.S., because of the strong dollar. The amount of purchases to Chinese consumers has decreased in the last quarters. And obviously, we have a very high market share in the U.S. and we have been penalized by that trend. But all in all, again, we look at the long term, we believe Chinese consumers in mainland and around the world are, and will continue to be, a great source of growth, and a great source of business, and we remain completely focused on them, independently from the mix impacts in the short term. And we have been able to deliver a great growth in the quarter despite, in the quarter, a relatively negative mix impact of the Chinese spending.
Fabrizio Freda: We believe this is a strong trend. We are doing very well in EMEA, and growing market share in many, many of these markets. And we believe we have plans to continue this trend. UK is really booming. In the UK market, the market is growing 7% in prestige, more than mass. We are doing great job in attracting consumer for mass, and in growing market share across all channels. The emerging markets in EMEA, which are a big part of this, we are growing outstandingly. Just to – our total emerging market growth this quarter was 13%, excluding China was 31%. So, in the EMEA market, we are growing basically one-third of our business on top of what we had, and this is supposed to continue, and we have very clear plan on that. So, EMEA in total, excluding TR, by the way, is 23% growth. And so, really standing, and there are several reason why these strengths – I'm not sure as the same identical strengths of the quarter, but this good solid trend is expected to continue.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, I'll start with the second question. Contribution to our growth is or distribution is 2%. So, 2 points of growth are distribution increases we met in the quarter, which is a continuing verse of what happened the last fiscal year. In terms of travel retail, what you should expect, first of all, the traffic increase of – in travel retail today is about 7%, and so remains very solid. But the mix of it, meaning there are less Brazilians, less Russians and Chinese are going in different places than Hong Kong, this mix has a negative impact in the short term on conversion, meaning on the number of travelers, that really buy, buy in a big way because different populations have different conversion rates. So, again, in this global, complex world, you need to keep in mind mix has a huge impact. So we believe that in the future, the mix impact should improve because, as you know, there is in the base the turmoil of Hong Kong that started in October, November. MERS should get out of the base as well, and meaning that the MERS impact should not be there anymore in the future. And then we, specifically as Estée Lauder Companies, as we are doing in every other aspect of the business, we are modifying our portfolio and adjusting and diversifying also our travel retail sales, meaning we are building stronger business in EMEA, stronger business in the Americas. We are diversifying our brands. We are launching new brands. We are covering more airports, more tier-2 airports. So we are continuing our strategy of diversification also in travel retail, and we expect this will benefit our trend, it will make us less dependent on short-term mix inputs in the travel retail evolution.
Fabrizio Freda: No. I mean, on travel retail, the quarter was tough obviously. And so, I think we agree with the negative comment on the quarter. Our point of view on the long term future of travel retail remain however very positive and we believe travel retail is and will remain a strong channel, a channel of growth and a great opportunity for us. And then, we believe that in the continuation of this fiscal year in the next 12 months, we should see gradually an improvement of the trend as I was explaining because many negative impacts on the travel retail will be in the base – in the base (40:25). And so, that's the difference. And...
Fabrizio Freda: Thank you for your comment. And, yeah, the Estée Lauder brand, as we explained, is doing several trends to complete the turnaround, go back to long-term growth levels. One of these steps is focusing more on the millennials and attract new consumers and particularly younger consumers to the brand. The key activity recently has been with the new model Kendall and all the activities behind Kendall Jenner launch of the new fragrance or new makeup. And the daily social media activities behind these new launches, they've been very successful. And so, we will try to continue that. And as part to this plan to attract more millennials, behind Kendall, behind the social media, behind specific product launches, we attribute particularly high importance to the launch in Sephora U.S. of Estée Edit with 250 doors next March. Then we'll be continuing this progress in attracting to the (44:13) brand the millennial generation.
Fabrizio Freda: And then overall, I think you posed the question that say, is it really overall, is the amount of confidence and the amount of things that progressed well in the quarter, like our cost savings, our activity internally and also to the mix because we were anticipating a softer Hong Kong or softer China and we have planned to offset, I said, to reallocate the resources in EMEA and in other areas and to accelerate the United States and North America in general. Obviously, the softer part was more sure than the good part and the good part was validated with the activity we've done in the quarter. And so, the reassurance that we saw in the fact that our strong offsetting investment we are working well gave us more confidence to get the balance of the fiscal year in the direction we just stated.
Fabrizio Freda: So, let me answer (48:14) question. There is no scenario in which we dispose of any of these two brands. Those are two core brands of the company, it will continue to be our priority. And, yes, our goal is to bring these brands back to single-digit growth as soon as possible. Now, the brands are very different, you stated one from another. So, the brands are making progress as I stated in my prepared remarks, both brands, but let me take them one-by-one. The Estée Lauder brand is making progress in makeup. We already turned around the makeup part, and we will continue to accelerate that. We have a strong holiday plan on fragrances with Modern Muse Le Rouge plan, and we expect to continue making progress on the fragrances. On the skin care part of the Lauder brand, frankly, with Lauder being the market leader in Asia where over 90% of the business is skin care, and in this moment, a global softness happening and being so focused on Hong Kong and China skin care business. It's very difficult to have the skin care turnaround executed and finalized in the short period of time in that external condition. Said this, we will continue working on it, we'll continue to diversify, and we expect also – we have the goal also to turn around the skin care part as soon as possible and as soon as market – external market condition also will be a bit more favorable for the skin care product. On Clinique, same thing. Good progress on makeup, which is a very important part of the Clinique business, and good progress in many markets around the world. For example, Clinique in China has been, in the quarter, growing double digit and is one of our fastest-growing brand there. The Clinique challenge has been in departments – the mid-tier department store U.S., in the area of skin care particularly, and that's the area that we are attacking with the next set of initiatives and activity, working with our partners to turn around also this part. I also want to say, in the U.S., Clinique continues to grow, for example, very well in specialty multi, in Sephora, in Ulta and in overall online. So good progress, and yes, we are still determined to bring both of these brands with their very different problematics and strengths to single-digit growth as soon as possible, external markets permitting.
Fabrizio Freda: Wow. So, again, let me start from the last part, no. We have no intention to bring Clinique in any other distribution than prestige global distribution. So there will not be expansion of Clinique to mass. Clinique is a prestige, luxury brand that need service element attached to the business model to be successful around the world. This will remain the same.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay, so on holiday, we feel confident we have a good set of activities, particularly strong on our fragrance business, on our makeup business, and we believe we are well prepared. There will be also our portfolio brands, and the growth we have seen in brands like Jo Malone, Tom Ford is reinforcing the part of our portfolio which has the possibility of having great traction during the holiday. So we see improvements ,not only in our gift sets and in the promotionality of holidays, but we really see improvements also in the kind of portfolio choices that we can offer for gifts during the holiday period everywhere in the world. The other aspect that we are improving is that a lot of the holiday sales are going to be directed online, in our retail dot-com areas and online in general. And we continue to improve our online readiness for having a great gift season. Now for the other question, is New Dimension of Lauder was in line with the expectations around the world, including in the U.S., is particularly successful in the beginning in certain European markets. But in the UK, also was very successful as of July. And in U.S., I would say, more or less in line with expectations. And the impact on the overall skin care Lauder is positive. We see the New Dimension brings new consumers into the game. And so, we believe can have a good impact in the long term. However, last year during the same period, we had launched Advanced Night Repair eye product, that was a very successful initiative. So in some markets, including the United States, we see that New Dimension launch was not able to completely offset the Advanced Night Repair launch in the previous year. But again, we'll continue to grow and attract new consumers to the brand, in our estimate.
Fabrizio Freda: So, I'll take the first one and Tracey will cover the second one. So, in terms of volatility, the market has increased volatility. And that's why we have prepared ourselves to deal with this volatility better. So, the strategy that I keep repeating, the multiple engine of growth, is actually a clear strategy that internally, we are executing since several years. And now, this has reached to a point where we believe we are much less volatile than we used to be and more reliable and more sustainable than ever. This comes from the fact that by channel, we are today more diversified. For example, we have now 8% of our business online and some of our key markets like U.S. and U.K. is 12%. And in China, as we discussed, it is double digit, it is 10%. We have more business in our free-standing stores, particularly on certain brands and particularly in emerging markets. Meaning, that we have bettered the ability to build business in the emerging markets which are growing fast, even if in some cases, there is not available luxury distribution in those markets. And some of our brands have been designed to drive this accordingly. We are better diversified because now we are winning around the world much better in specialty-multi. We had mentioned our strong growth in the U.S. in Sephora or our strong growth in Europe in Douglas or in Boots in the U.K., and there are several examples in Asia as well. So, channel diversification is one example. Second, category diversification. We have now demonstrated that we are the market leader in global makeup. And so, even in the moment where the macro factor makes skin care grow less aggressively, particularly because skin care in Asia is growing less, we can definitely accelerate makeup and within makeup there are very profitable segments, so makeup that can be accelerated, that are equally profitable to skin care. We have demonstrated that in the fragrance business, creating these high-end fragrance part of the portfolio, which is profitable and growing fast like Jo Malone as a brand, that we can continue tapping into the growth of the fragrance strategy, but with a strategy which is more in tune with the Estée Lauder company capability and long-term vision. And finally, diversification by brands. We are much less dependent only from Lauder and Clinique. First of all, M•A•C today is a brand which is as big as Lauder and Clinique. And then the rest of our portfolio of the small brands, now mid-size brands, all together, as I explained a lot of times, are actually bigger than our biggest brands. So we have now really multiple origins of growth, more diversified. So the first reason why we are less volatile is because there is not anymore one thing that can happen macro that can have a very big impact on our business because there will be others that we can accelerate to compensate this one. Second part to the answer is then, what do we do, what we have changed in terms of resource allocation? We have created internal system where we are much more capable of reallocating resources when we discover these trends or these changes on trends, and to make sure, for example, that we do not overspend if there are situations where the market doesn't deserve it because the market is under pressure. And so we can cut spending very fast where the market doesn't deserve to be pushed in a certain moment, or cut spending where initiative, a new launch is not delivering what we were expecting to avoid burning money that will not return. On the other side, we are also capable to increase spending in areas where there is strength and where there is growth or where the market offer an opportunity that was not forecasted before and we can do this in a range of months. And so our ability to reallocate resources with internal system in just a few months has increased dramatically versus the past. So in summary, we are more reliable, more sustainable, more long term and less exposed to external trend than ever because of our portfolio and because of our ability to reallocate resources in a pretty fast way. Tracey.
