Fabrizio Freda: I just want to add that as you mentioned also Bon-Ton was still in our number the previous year so that's still one -- probably last quarter in which we have an impact of Bon-Ton. What I want to add is that at the end, the market was really down, the major market. There could be some part of the market -- actually in makeup that was in the non-major market, but at the end the major market and particularly brick-and-mortar was a tough quarter. Now we are pretty confident of our improvement plan in North America. And in fact, in quarter four, we are going to invest behind some exciting innovation that we believe will attract new fresh traffic. We are going to continue spending in the fast-growing channels, specialty and online particularly. We've just completed the field restructuring that will improve our ability to go-to-market. And we will start executing with excellence. The new consumer is targeting a granularity on marketing that we presented to them in the Investor Day. So, there are a lot of opportunity to first stabilize and then bring back to growth, also the U.S. market in the future.
Fabrizio Freda: I'll start answering the second question and then we'll clarify the Smashbox thing is. No, actually, the consumer acquisition is -- what we are bringing back up, particularly young consumers and millennials. That we are making progress on most of the brands in acquiring new millennials and Gen Z consumers in the United States as well. As Tracey mentioned in this last quarter, there was a less promotionality on average and an overall lower market mean, it was just less traffic in the stores. But in term of our brands acquisition is pretty -- is improving. And as all my comments about our intention in quarter four and next year is actually to accelerate that. And we have a lot of tool, the granularity of targeting, the new innovation, the better exposed to growth channels and all the other elements we are putting -- including extra investment in advertising that we are putting in our United States turnaround plan. So we are pretty positive on the mid, long-term impact of those activities also in consumer acquisitions. On Smashbox, I want to clarify that the Smashbox is not the main reason for the decline. Smashbox is a relatively small brand in our total portfolio.
Fabrizio Freda: And the only think I want to add is that our improved focus on hero products, meaning on the main proud, the main SKUs on every brand is also driving profitability over the medium, long-term, because it creates bigger products that can be better leveraged and better optimized and this trend will continue.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, and I just want to add, today, we have 75% of our business outside of the United States and we are super well diversified by channel, category, brands. And another thing I want to clarify, because I think we are definitely looking at markets like the United States, the U.K., China, and we have segmentation by geography. But if you look at our results this quarter by channel, globally every single channel has been growing. So you were asking about specialty-multi. Specialty-multi, we grew 6%, 7%. Department store globally, we're growing 2%. And TR and online and freestanding store and the way we look at, which is direct-to-consumer, which is a mix of brand dot-com and freestanding store, all growing double-digit -- at a very strong double-digit. If we look by categories, we've been growing every single categories, skin care, makeup, fragrance, hair care and within skin care as the previous question, every single subcategory of skin care like moisturizer, serums, everything is growing double-digit. In term of by brands, 80% of our brands, the exception is Smashbox and GLAMGLOW, but all our brands are growing more than double-digit, the large majority of them. So there is a lot of different engines of growth going on in our business in this moment. Segmenting the business, the way we segment it, also the way we operate it.
Fabrizio Freda: You're welcome. First of all, speaking about channel mix. As I said, we are -- Tracey just mentioned, we are 50% today we are in department stores and the remaining is in the fast growing channel. So we are tilting on a better balance or diversified by channel also in the United States, that's our strategy. This will continue to be. We are now better penetrated in specialty. We are in a very strong online across different both in retail dot-com and in brand dot-com. Our freestanding store are a significant channel in the United States. And obviously, department store continue to be an important part of our business. And in some areas we are growing and some department store are making some significant progress on the business. The real difference is brick-and-mortar versus online, so the brick-and-mortar are now growing and the online is growing. Even online in department store, online in retail dot-com. So all the online is continue to accelerate and that for us is very positive, because we see good market share in this area. Our brands are very successful in this area. So your other question was, are your brands successful in these new channels? Absolutely. I would say that our brands are even more successful in the new channels. Anyway, that's true in the United States, but that's true globally. I think in the Investor Day, we demonstrated our success in new channels like online globally, Tmall, travel retail, specialty-multi globally is really happening and we are definitely capable to drive these brands. Now we have a very big portfolio of brands, so some brands are better tailored to win in specialty, other brands are better tailored to a typical more department store environment. And finally, some brands are more prone to win online, and we manage this portfolio actually also to make sure that we always match the right brand, with the right channel, and with the right consumer target. And that's an art. That is not an average behavior. It's really a segmented way in which we manage our portfolio brands. That's why portfolio brands is a big competitive brand. Last comment -- your comment of our field sales force restructured. Absolutely. It was time to restructure our investment in field, in order to match and to go in parallel with a new distribution strategy, and with the new balance of the different channels. And absolutely, this is -- as part of this plan, we are increasing the resources and the focus and importantly, the skills on the new channels, in order to make our performance also in the new channels as strong as our historical performance is and has been in department stores.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. This is a great strength that we've evolved in the last years. And is the fact that we have now multiple brands and every brand has its own innovation program, and the fact that we innovate in skin care and makeup and hair care and fragrances. And within every of this category, like skin care, we have very clear innovation programs by sub-category, example, moisturizer rather than masks, et cetera. So our granularity or our granular ability to look at opportunities make us now innovating across all these multiple global segments. That has increased the percentage of successful sales that we do via innovation. This strategy combined with hero product strategy, meaning, bigger innovations and fewer innovation and leveraging our historical franchises like Advanced Night Repair, [indiscernible] Clinique, the combination of those two strategy is making our innovation stronger, more abundant, and at the same time more profitable and efficient. And that's what I'm trying to say is the magic of our new innovation program. How this is linked? By the way, how was in the past? Last year was 20%, this year would be 30%, and when we started our strategy nine years ago, we were around 10%. So, we have tripled our innovation power in the last nine years. And how this -- and by the way this is indicated also by our results I believe. And how this is linked to our advertising investment is, the advertising -- what has changed with the arrival of the lot more digital advertising is that in the past we had few advertised brands. Clinique, Lauder, some fragrances and that was it. The other brands will live out of word of mouth and other activities and in store and obviously a lot of store activation. Today, every single brand is advertised. And that's what is creating also the acceleration. And so, our advertised brands -- our advertise investment today touch all our brands. And all our brands are reaching scale and levels to justify a part of their budget in advertising. And that obviously is a top-line accelerator, particularly when combined with innovation. And last, which is probably behind your question, yes, a lot of our advertising is focused on our innovation.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. And our strong brand, whether it's growing the demand, the operating margin is very, very attractive. And so it's a matter of mix of brands that we'll correct over time. But also I wanted to clarify the market of makeup, is we go up and down. I mean, now is the skin care moment. But two years ago was the makeup moment. And by the way, this is different by region. In the U.S. clearly makeup is not a growing segment in this moment. But in Asia it is the fastest growing segment. Just to be clear, makeup in China, in the last quarter grew faster than skin care. And I'm not speaking about our business only; I'm speaking about the market. And so, makeup is a very strong category with a lot of future. And, when reached certain level of growth, we'll have the same positive impact on allowing us to leverage our cost structure that skin care has.
Tracey Travis: From a profit perspective, you're right that the impairment certainly did impact the profitability of the Americas segment. But from a sales perspective, as Fabrizio mentioned, it's not the main driver.
Tracey Travis: So let me start. Again, the margins on skin care are so strong, I would say first because the skin care category was up 25% in constant currency. So when you've got that kind of growth in the category, we see tremendous leverage across the board. That would be the first driver. Clearly, we're seeing great success as we called out in APAC and travel retail and leveraging that success in those regions, certainly helps from a margin standpoint as well. But it really when we've got a category growing at 25% that certainly justifies the kind of margin expansion that we're seeing in the skin care category. We've also had some terrific new innovations in the skin care category this year that we're quite excited about. So our innovation has continued to step up every year and this year in Estee Lauder and La Mer and Clinique, we've had terrific, terrific innovation and Origins as well. So all of our skin care brands are doing quite well, globally and certainly the strongest impact being in the Asia-Pac and travel retail region.
Tracey Travis: So, Javier, department stores are still about half of the business in the U.S. And obviously, the growth that we're seeing is primarily in online and in specialty, but about half of the business is still in department stores -- little over half of the business is still, in department stores in the U.S. So still an important channel of distribution for us. The segment would have been negative without Bon-Ton. Bon-Ton was about $16 million of revenue in the quarter last year and obviously no sales this year. So that's the situation in the U.S. as it relates to the sales growth.
Tracey Travis: No, I mean, the only -- couple of things that I would add, Dara is clearly, if you look at our history, over the past few years, you see that the fourth quarter is our lowest operating margin quarter, and it is somewhat related to the timing of some of our big innovation, and also related to, once we have seen how innovations perform during the course of the year, we take the opportunity to invest more behind them. And that provides us, has historically -- at least our experience provided us with a strong start to the next fiscal year. As Fabrizio said, we do expect that we will continue to grow ahead of market. The market last year, based on our information, grew around 7%. As we communicated at Investor Day, we do expect that the market will settle down at some point in the 5% to 6% range. So, we do expect that growth that we've seeing, the double-digit growth over the last few years in the next few years would slow as we expect that the market would slow. But we, in all cases, believe that we will continue to grow ahead of the market.
Tracey Travis: So let me start, Dana. Obviously the makeup category is impacted by some of the challenges that we discussed with Smashbox. We are seeing the M.A.C brand pickup, but obviously the M.A.C brand had been slow in the last year or so, so that has impacted the profitability of the makeup category. And fundamentally, again, when you think about the architecture of our P&L, growth drives a lot of margin expansion. So, to the extent that we see the makeup category growing globally, which we are growing relatively in line with the makeup category, but to the extent that we see that category pickup, certainly we'll see operating margin pickup. We expect operating margin will pickup anyway, given some of the innovation that we've got planned for some of our makeup brands like Too Faced, like M.A.C and some of our other brands as well, BECCA, et cetera, in the next few quarters. So we do expect that that will an improvement. But we do have some brands struggling in the category that's dragging the operating margin down.
