Fabrizio Freda: Okay. Now, on agility, as we discussed, so, first of all, we monitor the changes around the world. So the first institutional model is a continuous monitoring all the changes. Example, traveling corridor of tourist full, market growth in different levels. We have now new level of analytics and follow-up on how the business evolves. So understanding. The second institution is then we tailor launches – product launches, assortment and things based on what we learn regularly. Third is when markets over-deliver their financial trends, they get more opportunity to spend. And when they market then to under-deliver, they tend to cover at least part of what they cover for the profit pressure that they are under. So these automatic mechanisms are anyway generating flows or resources automatically to the winning part of our business. Third, the way people collaborate is completely different today. We collaborate, we make decision together and so the ability to flow in an agile way, both resources and money, and make fast decision on locations is taken at the top of the company in a collaborative way. Those are institutional way, which are here to stay. And actually they are a – the way we work across every quarter. So assume that we – once we decide a plan, we constantly work to improve it, quarter-by-quarter, months-by-months. And the company does this in a structural way. Second point before Tracey answer the second part of your question, I would like to say that in reality, what we are doing is focusing even more on growth, even in the second semester. We have so many winning opportunity and our location methodologies are working. And our ability to build the top line in a sustainable way for the long-term is definitely the most important priority for sustainable double digit EPS growth in the long-term. So our point of view is that moving the lower end of our top line sales trend from the 6% to 8% – we have 6% to 8%. So moving from closer to the 6% to closer to the 8% in a sustainable way has much more value for our shareholders in the long-term than just covering currencies in the short term. So our approach is to focus on long-term top line growth acceleration. And in a moment where the environment out there is volatile, and we have proven that in volatile environment, we have a competitive advantage in being able to operate, we want to leverage that momentum and get this competitive advantage through. That's what we're doing. That's why we have decided not to cover currency. We trim the investment in the short term that we didn't feel was the long-term priority.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. So, specialty multi is growing well globally. And what it means for our distribution that we are increasing distribution globally with our brand portfolio in specialty multi where appropriate. So you can expect a global increase of distribution gradually in this channel. However, we also learning how to win in this channel. So it's not only a distribution game, it's also a marketing game. This channel requires different marketing and selling techniques than the traditional department store core business that we have around the world. And so over time, I believe our organization is becoming better and better in partnering with specialty retailers around the world and learning how to grow our business in this channel better and better. The first thing is so you can expect that the percentage of our business in which channel will grow, but this is very different by country around the world depending on the penetration of this channel. So, I will not give frankly detail on percentages, also because they will be very much the results of mix by geographies rather than on specific advancement in a given brand or in a given country. Tracey, I don't know if you want to talk.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. A lot of questions. So on Estée Edit – so, first of all, Estée Edit is exclusive to Sephora and will be launching Sephora brick and mortar and Sephora.com. And it's been developed also in strict collaboration with the Sephora teams. The Estée Edit is focused on makeup, but includes also some – how we call it, instant skincare benefit products. To us some core SKUs of Estée Lauder business. This brand will be supported by a very strong social media and very strong digital activities, really focused on the millennials and incorporation also in magazines that support the magazine and social media activity. So it will be a strong launch. In terms of the impact for the long term, obviously, it will depend from the success. We have a very strong belief that this will be a strong success. And in case of success, we assume it will be expanded to more Sephora doors over time, obviously. But we will need first to test and see the success level that we get. Now, in terms of the quarter, remember, this is launched in March 15 at mid-March, so the impact on third quarter is relatively limited. But we hope that the impact on fiscal year 2017 and 2018 will be – obviously be much stronger when success will happen. The other important aspect of Estée Edit is that it is not only going to be hopefully a success in sales, but is also very important way to attract millennials to the Estée Lauder brand and is one of the steps to modernize the Estée Lauder brand as a whole in our opinion. On Lauder and Clinique, the Lauder and Clinique combined grew about 1% in the quarter two, so – which is a turnaround. This was in quarter two specifically, it was driven by Estée Lauder growth as Tracey explained in her remarks. But the important point is that both Lauder and Clinique are growing again on their makeup business, which is in the case of the Clinique a very big percentage; in the case of Lauder is more the percentage of total business because of the big Asia penetration of skincare, but still in many countries is the bigger part of the business of these two brands. So that's the important reality. We said that we would have started turning around to grow these two brands starting from makeup and then fall into skincare. On skincare, it's frankly difficult to imagine that skincare will also start growing again within this fiscal year with Hong Kong in the situation in which it is and with the China market growth in skincare being so soft. As I said before, China market growth is mainly driven by makeup in this moment, and the skincare is not growing very aggressively. So – but as soon as the Asia skincare dynamic will find back a normalized growth, we will complete the turnaround also on the skincare front of these two brands. That's our assumption for the fiscal year.
Fabrizio Freda: Absolutely. So, first of all, we are applying to travel retail the same multiple engines of growth, diversification and investment agility philosophy that we are applying to the entire company. So as you said, travel retail has been having some outstanding momentum for years based on the Asian travelers' acceleration. And in this moment, the Asian dynamic, particularly the Hong Kong-Macau one, which is the worrying one and it's been soft, very soft in quarter two, we predicted the softness to stay in that part. But in reality, it's not the traffic which is declining. It is where consumers are going and how much they're shopping. So we are reacting to that. We are increasing brand distribution, yes. We are increasing penetration of airports where the traffic is going now, meaning more Europe and more other areas of Asia, for example. We are adjusting assortments to the new corridor, to the new traveling corridor. So give you an example. At the moment, Brazilians don't travel any more as much as they used to. And when they travel, they shop less. We adjust assortments. And in these places like Miami, now there are more different kind of travelers to which we adjust. And maybe there are other brands that today are not there that are better suited with different group of travelers there. So the previous brands that we had before that were maybe more suited to Brazilians, as an example. This is happening all over the world. So it's adjustment in assortment, is increase our number of brands, is penetration of more airports, and most importantly, is a dynamic adjustment to the corridor travelers. So that's the first theme, which is about traffic management. The second theme is about commercial. And what is changing is that all these currency changes in travel retail, the currency changes are changing the dynamic of the duty-free aspect, the discounts the consumer found around the world versus their home market. And that's why, for example, makeup is growing much better in travel retail. Makeup is much more purchased because of the commercial marketing from travelers to buyers rather than for big discounts. Also they get discounts for these in absolute terms, much smaller. So we are learning to increase some categories in travel retail where we were not as penetrated as we were in skincare, like some makeup. We are learning that our high-end fragrances like Jo Malone are extremely successful in travel retail. So we are expanding the high-end, the sophisticated artisanal fragrances, including our new acquisition would be part of that. That is a very big opportunity. Also because as you know, fragrance is a very big market in travel retail and we are learning more marketing techniques to convert traveler into purchaser based – for example of M•A•C is adding makeup artists. Jo Malone is adding gifts methodologies in travel retail. So making sure there are more reasons to buy in travel retail than just lower prices than in the home markets. So that's the entire strategy. It's a pretty sophisticated strategy. And as everything we are doing is about the long-term sustained growth of this very important and profitable channel.
Fabrizio Freda: So, I'll answer the first part of the question, which is basically, yes. We believe in this moment, as we said, the net-in and sellout retail seems to be aligned. Remember that the – part of this alignment that was caused by the MERS event in Korea, so we cannot eliminate the risk that more events like this will happen, or flus or things in other parts that will disrupt the relationship between net and retail in the future. But for the moment, I believe we are in a situation where they are realigned. And in absence of new disrupting event, hopefully, they will stay aligned. Tracey, you want to address... sorry.
Fabrizio Freda: But I wanted again to stress what I said before that makeup is growing. The M•A•C brand travel retail trend is outstanding and the Joe Malone, for example, or the Tom Ford, so our high-end fragrances are really, really doing well.
Fabrizio Freda: So, the other emerging markets, the China, that grew 30% in the first quarter grew 27% for us in the second quarter, and anyway this is three times the growth of these markets. So, we are growing market share by design in the emerging markets around the world from Mexico to Brazil, to Turkey, to South Africa, to India, to the Middle East. And in all these markets, we are growing double-digit. As we said, China is not in this group but when we say China, which is growing 9% and the rest of the emerging markets 27%. And I think we will continue. Actually as I said in my remarks, we plan to continue to invest for growth and beat market share in this market even if in some of them the currency issues is creating some economical issues in these markets. We will take the opportunity to further increase our market share in this moment, because also it can be done in a very efficient way and hopefully get the benefits of this when this market will go back to more normal economic growth. So it's a good momentum, our brands are loved, and the opportunities in front of us are enormous. And so if the question was, can this kind of growth be sustained? I believe, yes. This kind of growth can be sustained for the long time.
Fabrizio Freda: So, I'll answer the first and the third, and let Tracey answer the second. So, how our methodology works. First of all, it is about how we are structured. So – but the short answer is centralized. This decision is pretty centralized. We have monthly meetings where the finance team with Tracey at the head and the group presidents, which are – we have two group presidents take care of the region, or they go to market, and two group presidents take care of the combination of the brands. These four people plus Tracey and me centrally have basically complete control of the business and the resource allocation. And we review the opportunity and make decisions centrally in the same room on a very agile way. And that's I think the key topic. Then how technically that this work, frankly, it will – be more time than eight minutes on a call. But that's the key idea. It's centralized by six people. Second question, actually, your third question on fragrances. Again, I want to insist, we have declared that in this moment our priorities are high end fragrances on brand assets that we own like Jo Malone and that's why the acquisition of Le Labo. That is our priority; that stays our priority. This part of high end brand own seasonal fragrances model are very profitable, are growing at a smaller but fast growing part of the business which is very well suited to the Estée Lauder company portfolio.
Fabrizio Freda: So, first of all, on pricing, in China, we have decreased the pricing, as you probably know, some time ago. And after the price decrease, the currency in China continues to devaluate. So in reality, the price differentials are much diminished on our brands. And I cannot tell you an average because it doesn't – but they are 10%, 15% in some cases, or 30%, 35% in other cases by SKU depending on many different dynamics. But they're much more reduced than they used to be in the past. So, the second part is where are the strengths, the weakness of China? Our strategy in China, like the one I explained for travel retail, is about diversification. So China is softer in this moment in the biggest skincare segment, is softer in the biggest cities; Shanghai, Beijing. Is – while China growth is very strong in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, it's very strong online. It's very strong in smaller brands which are entering in areas in makeup and fragrances, which are fast-growing categories for this population. So again, it's about diversification. If you have multiple engines of growth, you can operate in new cities. You can operate online. You can operate in new growing segments like some makeup and some fragrance, high-end fragrance segments. There is an enormous amount of growth opportunity in China. And that is the diversification, multiple engine of growth work that we are doing also there and which are driving our results. Just to give you a number, our online business grew 80% in total in China during quarter two. 80%; 80. So it is a very strong acceleration, and that's what is the focus of our activity of creating the right engines of growth also in China for the long-term.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And so I think Fabrizio answered it well, Steve, but I will just add on that while Estée Lauder and Clinique are ahead some good signs in terms of the first quarter, they have some great programs lined up for the second quarter that we think are worthwhile investing in. If we didn't have good opportunities to invest in, in the second half, we would certainly drop the upside to the bottom line. But as Fabrizio said, we have tremendous momentum in many of our brands. We have good programs in Estée Lauder and Clinique that we think will deliver good results in the second half of the year, and beyond. So it's important for us to invest not only for this fiscal year but obviously to continue the growth momentum beyond this fiscal year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: No. Great questions. So, promotion affected the margins slightly in the quarter. The bigger impact in terms of it being flat year-over-year was the category mix as you indicated. So tremendously strong growth in makeup and much softer growth in skincare and fragrance as well, so strong growth in fragrance. Those two factors do affect our category, or our gross profit margin mix. In terms of the future, yes, we do expect to see some modest improvement in gross profit margin over the next few years, not to the extent that we saw four years or five years ago, but certainly a continuation of modest improvement over the next few years.
Tracey Thomas Travis: The skincare – I think the second question was skincare versus – the skincare growth in travel retail versus the category.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And as you might well know that our skincare travel retail business is heavily driven by Asia and Asian markets and Asian traveling consumers, so we did see softness in the Hong Kong and China part of our travel retail business that was largely related to skincare. We also saw some softness in Brazil that was more related to makeup. But for skincare, definitely, the Hong Kong/China softness impacted the category in travel retail. Yeah.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And, Ali, regarding your second question on costs outside of advertising, yes, we do believe we have further opportunity in those areas. Most of our cost saving programs this year, some of them were targeted at A&P effectiveness, many were targeted outside of that with selling productivity and other cost saving initiatives. And we think there is further opportunity, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to leverage expenses going forward with some of the process improvement initiatives that we have put in place this year that should yield some benefits in the future.
