Fabrizio Freda: Yes, sure. Let me start and then Tracey will -- perspective. The -- first of all, we believe China is super strong. I mean, we have accelerated decisively. Our reported number is 63% growth, which is almost double last quarter. So China mainland is very, very strong. Now these numbers include Dr. Jart which is a -- also a strong growing brand in Asia and now is part of our portfolio. So all good. Now, your question on Hainan, Hainan was also strong and continues to grow. And as we say, we really look and manage the Chinese consumer. So we sell to the Chinese consumers where they -- when they travel to Hainan we sell to them in their travel. And when they are in their cities, we sell to them in their cities. The opportunity of continue serving the growing middle class and the multiple smaller cities which are becoming very important for consumption from which the demand is growing continuous.  And we are serving this multiple growth, meaning also there's more cities, the Tier 3, Tier 4 and the different consumer groups. We are serving these both in mainland and in Hainan when the travel in a very positive way. So China is very strong, and in our opinion will continue a very strong trend. The other thing that we seen, which is important to us in China is the recovery of makeup, because China is ahead of other regions in the control of COVID and so in people going back with more confidence to shopping also in brick-and-mortar. And we see the positive impact on that -- on the cap, which I said in my prepared remarks grew double digits. And this obviously is encouraging for what today recovery will represent also in the West as the brick-and-mortar sales go back into the new normal. The other part of your question was about Asia in total. And, yes, Hong Kong is obviously smaller than what used to be and the recovery is lower. And so Hong Kong is getting better, but it's been resized at least for the time being to what used to be. So still is a drag versus the historical levels. And Japan was definitely hit by a new wave. And there was new closures and a lot of government activity to limit shopping in brick-and-mortar any way to limit the social life activity, which means again, very big impact on makeup. And Korea, on the contrary, start the recovery, had a better quarter, and Australia had definitely a better quarter. By the way Australia is another place where its visible the recovery of makeup because of the reopening of the brick-and-mortar and more social life. So Asia was a very mixed bag. In summary, very strong China, very strong Hainan, a better Korea, a better Australia, New Zealand, and still very hard hit some of the emerging markets, Japan and Hong Kong.
Fabrizio Freda: Well, first of all, what we see is that the recovery on makeup is particularly -- benefits particularly of the recovery of brick-and-mortar omni-channel shopping because people does like to interact with the products and like the experience of shopping together. And so this is really one driver. And so in China, we see this getting stronger and as the recovery unleash. What we see in terms of product, that people -- and again, I speak about China where these active at all. Australia and Israel is another place where we see signs of what happens during the recovery. And the signs are consistent by the way. And first of all, people go back to their core makeup also because they have not used it for some time and may not be fresh anymore in some cases. So, there is a lot of back to foundation, to lipstick, to mascaras that needs to be purchased back. And now depending which region of the world, a different proportion of these subcategories as you know. But this is back to core. But there is also a huge interest in newness, is obviously that from an emotional standpoint people don't want to go back to the past. They want a new normal. They want to forget actually this very difficult year when they’re in a recovery mode and go back to a new future. So they look for newness, for novelty. And that's why in our renaissance plan, we are both planning in every region of the world where and when this recovery will happen. We are ready to bring back our core and allow the consumer to reload what is their core habits, the core products. And at the same time, an outstanding mix of new product innovation, breakthrough idea, fresh way to use makeup, new looks, and most importantly, looks which are consistent with the renaissance of the user educations because to be clear, makeup is not only about shopping -- emotional shopping. It's about having the occasions in your social life, your professional life to use makeup. And so we are studying how those occasions come back and which kind of makeup core and newness is of interest for each occasions. And the occasion are different by region. And so with this level of analytics, we are preparing what we call the renaissance, which is a comeback, that is very specific. And our ability today to manage these with precisions and avoid excessive pool show, avoiding the wrong subcategories focus. In other words, ensuring a good return of our investments during the recovery. Our ability to do that has dramatically increased, thanks to analytics, which are not only giving us more data to understand what's happening but is giving us more data to anticipate what is going to happen, and that's what we are working on.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, sure. First of all, Gibu is now in -- since some months and is an exceptional new lead -- new hire and a leader, well integrated by now in our organization. He will bring our online business to next level. As you said, we have done well for many years, but he is here to bring it to a completely new level. And so the priority is, first of all, to continue our growth and leverage this huge acceleration in every single channel, in brand.com, in third parties, in pure plays, in retail.com and in making sure that we have the circulation of the best practices around the world, that we learn from what's happening in every angle in -- of the world, both in our business and in what competition or retailers are doing, the third-party are doing. But I would say the center of all this is to add more technology in order to make the consumer experience in each one of these touch points really, really high quality and even more competitive. So the focus is on taking the consumer experience to the next level. You heard me speaking in the past about chats, virtual try-on, live streaming, and many other experiences that are possible but need to become better and better over time and surprise the consumer for positive. And if we do that correctly, we will continue to drive traffic to our online because we will attract traffic, not only because of our great brands, of our great innovation, but also because of our outstanding services online and because of the experience online that will be frictionless. And also, we will need to make sure that this happens in a very efficient way and in a way which is driven by technology and become consistent across the world so that we can scale it very fast every single time this is going to be needed. And finally, we -- also, one of the priorities is to make digital advertising, and particularly, all the advertise linked to eCommerce more efficient and more effective. And with these to continue to push conversion that will be one of the key challenges and the key opportunities of the next year's in the world of online.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. Our -- again, Tracey, I will let you add any perspective. But anyway, our travel retail business is up. And so is -- I would say that the recovery will be in net extra versus what is already growth. So what's happened in this field, as you all know, is that the domestic travel in general and particularly within China has been more than offsetting the lack of international travel all over the world and particularly in the west. And so in this moment, we expect the strengths that today in travel retail, in domestic travel in China with Hainan and with new centers like Shenzhen, the Greater Bay and other opportunities which are emerging over time, we expect this to continue and to remain very, very solid. But then at certain moment when international travel will be restated, then we expect international travel to bring net extra opportunities, particularly in the west where there will be obviously many more populations going back to travel. And when this will happen, we envision travel retail to be even stronger than what used to be historically and definitely stronger than today which is mainly driven by only the domestic travel part. So strong reality today, a strong future for travel retail. Now travel retail is about traffic, which what I was commenting on now, speaking about the future recovery in international travel. But it's also true about conversion, which is the percentage of travelers that buy something. So we have seen recently the conversion going up, driven by pretail. So the ability to buy online when you travel. Now, pretail is accelerating in Asia, is a very -- it's already about one-third of the business in many parts of Asia and is not yet very present or very significant in the west. So we see in the future pretail to continue to grow and to be a significant part on travel retail. And with the growth of pretail, we see the opportunity of increased growth or conversion. And in that sense, the -- these -- the traffic coming back plus conversion of travelers into buyers continue to progress, those two KPIs will represent a very solid future for travel retail.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And so frankly, I just want to underline what Tracey said. I will read in this more of a strong Q2, particularly driven by an extraordinary 11.11 where some of our brands were topped in the 11.11 project and by the fact that holidays were a moment also in the West. They were pretty positive. People were possible, they were allowed, went back to shopping, some brick-and-mortar were open. And then, maybe because these holidays where in some places were open to early, then there was a lot of closures immediately after that, Japan, U.K. Italy, part of North America, Canada. So we've got an enormous amount of closures in the January, March period, in the West particularly, and Japan, obviously. And so that's the combination. The combination is the pandemic impact on brick-and-mortar. Now, keep in mind that as you have seen in the results, we have extraordinary skin care and fragrance, and [indiscernible] brand is doing really strong. The question is the makeup recovery, and the makeup is very linked to the comeback of the brick-and-mortar experience. So all the closures that happened actually after the holidays in many Western markets and in Japan did have an impact on makeup. And we have seen that. So I would not say there is any long-term sign in this Q3. Actually, it is an extraordinarily strong Q3. By the way, it was ahead of our guidance because we had seen that in our guidance. We had seen these kinds of things that would have happened because of the closures. And so it was a very strong quarter and Q2 was just an extraordinary quarter. But as Tracey said, Q2 will be pretty strong because in the future there will be always a combination of holidays and a strong peak of commercial activities like 11.11 and more that we create a high in terms of an absolute level of sales.
Fabrizio Freda: No, no, I would definitely not. I think we are counting on it, again, as the COVID abates and the opening. As I've said before, I want to repeat that, makeup is about user education. So -- and the user education on makeup at exactly the social and professional occasions that when there are closures or when the pandemic is very active and not there and so consumption goes down. So we are really -- we don't see any reason why we would not go back to first stabilization and then growth in makeup when these social occasions come back and these professional occasion comebacks. Just want to take the opportunity to make the pictures. Today, we have our current drivers, which are the Chinese consumer, the global online, and the skin care category and now the high-end fragrance category that will continue to drive. There is no discussion. These areas have been accelerated by COVID. But in reality, their trends were strong already before, so COVID does accelerated, and we are really ready and as you see we are having great success on these drivers even in the middle of COVID. Now, there are new drivers that should be added to these drivers as COVID will abate. Makeup usage, as I said, brick-and-mortar productivity in most markets, certain markets and consumer groups like U.S., U.K., Japan, continental Europe, emerging markets today are unfortunately really badly hit by COVID. We come back, and we gradually come back as the COVID improves. Younger consumer consumption, which is especially linked to makeup will come back. And the TR [ph] outside of Hainan as we said before and pretail acceleration will come back. So there are all these new drivers that we need to accelerate in the next 18 months assuming that will be the pace of return from COVID gradually. Then there are new strengths that we have built during COVID and we have invested in them. There is better innovation in Asia with the center in Shanghai and the quality of our innovation that is creating higher repeat process rates. There is more skin care and more makeup skinification and we have more production capacity of high quality production capacity in our upcoming factory in Tokyo; better consumer understanding and better ability to anticipate trends driven by our investment in analytics; more resources for advertising, especially digital advertising, which is increasing; better high touch services online, as I explained before when there was a question on online; brand portfolio, which is becoming stronger with the acquisition of DECIEM and Dr. Jart; a huge investment and acceleration in every ESG activity during COVID. And all of these combined is what I call the new strengths that we are bringing to the [indiscernible]. So the way we see it is that the current drivers will drive, the new drivers including makeup will come back and the new strengths that we have built in Estée Lauder Companies during this year will hit. And that's why we really believe that this quarter is just the confirmation that we are creating a very solid long-term sustainable growth pattern for the company.
Tracey Travis: And the only thing I would add, Dara, to what Fabrizio said, we are obviously watching traffic patterns and travel patterns pretty closely. Our travel retail team is -- so international travel is really projected at this point in time not to recover until perhaps even the second half of fiscal '20 -- our fiscal '22. So again, we're watching it closely obviously. If it will recover sooner, the travel retail business internationally in terms of consumption would pick up correspondingly. But in the meantime, the travel retail team has done a fantastic job of making sure that we are managing the Western travel retail markets prudently in terms of investments until we see the recovery of traffic and consumption in the Western markets. And the only thing I -- the other thing I would say is that travel retail and online combined now are a little more than half of our total business. And so when you think about our growth momentum going forward and the recovery -- the strength that we see in online and the recovery of travel retail it bodes very well for our future growth.
Tracey Travis: Yes. I mean, I will start, Jason. I think that what we're seeing more and more in the business particularly in Asia Pacific is more seasonality of the business. So Q2, as you indicate has become a very large quarter for us. It always was a large quarter with holiday. But with the addition of 11.11 and tremendous growth of that holiday year-over-year, we're seeing a very large sales number in our second quarter. In the third quarter, as Fabrizio mentioned, China had a very strong third quarter. We did have some large markets in Asia that were a bit softer, Japan. And I think through this pandemic, we are going to see ups and downs until things really more sustainably get back to normal when vaccine rates obviously accelerate a bit. So I would not read anything long-term into it other than this is still part of the pandemic in terms of seeing up and down performance in various markets. Similarly in terms of EMEA as well, obviously, outside of travel retail, but the Western markets in EMEA were also quite challenged in the quarter as well. So that we expect to see until, again, we see more stabilization and normalization from the pandemic.
Tracey Travis: And the only thing I would add to that is, just to underscore some of the investment in technology we've made for virtual try-on. So when you think about those social and professional occasions coming back, whether someone wants to come in the store and try makeup or if they want to try it online, the engagement that we see online from some of the capabilities and features that we've added to online certainly bodes very well for when those occasions come back and the makeup category acceleration.
Tracey Travis: Yes. So, Chris, as you know we typically give forward guidance for the upcoming fiscal year in August, which we will certainly do. I mean this has been an unusual year because of all of the things that you've mentioned. We had part of the year where we had temporary salary reductions, we've had furloughs and we've also done a fantastic job, our teams have, in terms of managing costs. Some of those costs will come back next year and some of them won't. Some of the door closures that we've permanently done, those costs and the remaining fleet of doors should be more productive as traffic continues to accelerate to brick-and-mortar, which is where we see the bulk of the recovery. So given the cost actions that we've taken, given where we expect growth to come from next year disproportionately, we would expect continued margin progression. But we will be able to say more specifically what that will be in the August timeframe. But as we've said for many years, our growth areas are all margin accretive when you think about travel retail, when you think about online when you think about the strength that we've had over multiple years in terms of skin care. And as Fabrizio said, we expect skin care and fragrance to continue to grow and makeup will also grow more strongly certainly next year as those occasions come back. So we've got multiple engines, multiple ways to progress margin even as investments do come back for brick-and-mortar and in other areas. We will, in the fourth quarter as you indicate, and as I said in my prepared remarks, so -- strongly invest as we normally do for a start of a strong fiscal year and we will invest more in advertising to support what we believe will be an acceleration. It's selectively in the markets that we think that it will happen in.
Tracey Travis: Just thank everybody for obviously their interest in the company. And again, I think we want to thank all of our teams for the fantastic performance navigating through what has been a difficult year, but we are incredibly proud, as I mentioned and Fabrizio mentioned of our results. And certainly, we look forward to closing the year strong with the guidance that we provided. So thank you, everyone.
