Rick Kunes: Well, it wasn't extraordinary, it was part of our thinking certainly and part of our strategy and that was to align the products that we have in the stores or in the perfumeries in Europe with the highest selling SKUs. So what we intended to do and what we are achieving is pulling back the slower moving SKUs, improving the turn if you will, the profitability at point of sales within the perfumery markets within Europe. So it was part of our planning, it was part of our forecast and Cedric if don’t know, if you want to comment.
Rick Kunes: What I did mention was the advertising, merchandising and sampling spend, which is really where the investment in the second half of the year is taking place and I did mention that it only grew about 15% quarter-over-quarter in the third quarter, but we are anticipating that to be about 35% growth in the fourth quarter. So, it’s the timing of that spending in the second half quarter versus quarter, but I think that was sort of built in to guidance.
Rick Kunes: I think it's a combination of both, I mean the concept of reducing sales means of cutting back drastically on travel were temporary certainly in nature and those things are absolutely coming back. There was some advertising spending that we did cut back last year. That spending is coming back as we are just describing, but it's coming back in a more efficient and effective way. So we're being careful and targeted in where we spend that money. Whereas historically, we were maybe not quite as good at measuring the ROI on that spending and we're spending things on inefficient initiatives. So we're spending more money this year in those areas, but we're spending them more targeted. In answer to your question and just as Fabrizio described, we had temporary savings last year, which we said about 70% of that would probably come back. That spending is coming back, some of it much more efficiently than the way we had done it before, but we are more than compensating for that by the more permanent savings around our resizing, restructuring and cost savings initiatives.
Cedric Prouvé: Definitely this is the project that we thought was necessary and was definitely in our thinking and strategies. We are working in partnerships with our customers because we are extremely focus on the productivity by door and to a certain extent by SKUs and we have know that the game is changing and we want to focus on the sell-through rather than sell-in and make sure that we improve the turn of our SKUs and the return on investment for both our customers and ourselves.
Cedric Prouvé: Yes, actually we are following Japan very closely and we are holding market share actually especially since the beginning of the calendar year. What I’d say is that probably the beauty category is the best performing within the department store universe, but it still in negative territory. We are cautiously optimistic that we are seeing family addition of the business at the moment, but I only have let’s say, one month perspective on that. So, its little bit early to say whether this is going to be sustained or not, but we are saying a little bit better and the consumer confidence index are improving in Japan and speaking to some of the retailers they seem to feel a little bit better.
Cedric Prouvé: Yes, I can tell you March was the stronger month and we have seen in the quarter overall prestige beauty in US department store prestige channels of being 2% ahead of year ago and the larger majority of the 2% increase was in the month, thanks for the good month of March and also you need to realize that is an anticipation of Easter that also an impact in this index. That’s why we are cautious to say that it is just the recovery started everything is normalized. It is the beginning of positive signs, but we want to observe those signs for a longer period of time before making a sign of conclusion. The other positive thing that we see is that out of these this 2% increase of the prestige beauty business is faster that the increase we saw in the quarter for example in the [mask] business and that particularly faster in the area of skin care, where the increase of the prestige has been five points faster than the increase in M-A-C. So, it is a gain a positive indication that consumer feel a bit more comfortable with spending also on the higher end of the product choices meaning more in prestige than that done during the recession. So there are a combined set of positive indications, but we need to see that for a longer time before being conclusive on the recovery.
Cedric Prouvé: This is Cedric. I’ll take the first part on travel retail. I think Rick alluded to it earlier; we had a fairly weaker fourth quarter last year, so yes we are definitely seeing continued momentum on our travel retail. I mean barring any event of course and for the full year we will be more in the 20s in to the percentage growth.
Rich Kunes: It’s more of a cautionary comment, but I think that we see the environment improving in North America, but I think we are somewhat cautious to be too enthusiastic at the moment. We see a measured improvement. Things are getting slightly better, but it is more of a cautionary statement than anything else.
Rich Kunes: Yes, it’s recorded in sales. So it is treated as a return, it's primarily, not primarily it is all in the European region and it is primarily in the makeup category.
Rich Kunes: Sure. So I think that travel retail will be hard pressed to have another quarter like they just had, but our business is stronger and they were up against somewhat weak comp last year. If you look at the travel retails growth I think versus 2008 it's more in the mid-teen areas, which is more reasonable quite honestly. The volcanic activity, we estimate was about $5 million to $7 million of sales impact and that's assuming that it's finished at the moment, so that's that. As far as North America, I think that our business as I said is somewhat improving, but I don't know if the month of March was anything outstanding versus other periods. I don't think I said that, so that business is improving slightly, but as we just said before, we're somewhat cautious on it, we think it's improving at a measured pace and that's what we are anticipating for the rest of the year.
Rich Kunes: It is about the credit rating, a single A credit rating for us is really a sweet spot from our cost of capital perspective. It gives us great flexibility going forward if we need it to access funds or for any business reasons. So we think it's in appropriate use of cash at this moment and it will solidify if you will our single A credit rating. As far as making a leveraging up and buying a significant amount of shares, the share price is quite high at the moment and also we are not so sure that that’s a long-term solid business strategy quite honestly at the moment.
Rich Kunes: Regarding the European returns that's really normal business if you will. It’s very targeted. So, it’s very strategic in nature. Returns are part of our business, but in this case those returns were specifically decided upon with our customers and then trying to improve the productivity of those stores and the returns of the inventory in those stores, so therefore return on asset. So, it was a strategic targeted thoughtful process, which should limit future returns quite honestly, but it is not part of our restructuring activity.
Rich Kunes: Certainly for the last couple of years it is look that way Chris for sure, but the old taxes in some respects are one-time in nature right because it depends on your results and where the earnings the come from, so.
Fabrizio Freda: For sure. I think that initiatives we are testing our working, we are improving in-department stores, we are getting our key brands as it grow in share, I think particularly significant in the US department store in the last quarter was the share growth of our Clinique brand that was as I said, significant and on a brand of such a big size means that we are doing the right thing and I think its a combination of product initiative, improvement of our High-Touch service, we said passes through better service at counter and better activity in-store and an increased level of service plus a clarification of the value equation of the brands, which includes disposition of prices, better value reframing on some of our SKUs and activities in this area. The combination of those things is working pretty well. Now, in terms of future development, I think we will continue accelerating the initiatives and the talk was on big initiatives. We will continue accelerating the expansion of our successful High Touch models and these will start with expanding them in flagship stores and then adjusting our model also in medium and smaller size doors overtime working with all our customers in the region.
Fabrizio Freda: Ali just want to clear that one, the fragrance business for the year will make amazing improvements in profit and those improvement profits are sustainable and that will continue to improve next fiscal year as per our plans. The way fragrance delivered profit by quarter is influenced by the way we are also putting our specific initiatives on. The moment we have big launch by Donna Karan tour in Europe and the entire launch of the Daisy Fuentes we feel than we obviously can get less profitable on a certain quarter, but overall the plan for the year is in the right direction. I am not sure I can agree with the statement that our results are heavily dependent on how we are doing on fragrances. I think that is very small percent of our results. Our results has been much more depending on how we are doing particularly in skin care and make up and how we are doing in a most profitable regions of the world.
Fabrizio Freda: Definitely right, we already said a big part of the belt tightening would have come back and we would have substituted these temporary cuts with more fundamental and sustainable cuts. In fact, actually this quarter we have delivered more savings than what we expected all right. That leaves for the quarter $104 million saving and we are increasing the estimate of total saving for the year to $300 million to $330 million saving, which is actually above what we should believe that and which was past our original thinking. So, we are over the lever in saving and substituting temporary pullback of spending from last year with sustainable saving exactly where we said just slightly better than what we anticipated.
Fabrizio Freda: Actually to be precise, this is two points, and so we were being growing in quarter three would have gone 2 points faster without excluding the impacts obviously you mentioned. Now, the second part of your question is what is sustainable what is not? I mean obviously we will continue to monitor SKU reduction in particularly making sure the low turns inventories are taken out of the market whenever needed, but we do not forecast any other activity of that size, while we are doing Europe now for the forcible future. I think this represent that larger part of what we have to do.
Fabrizio Freda: No. First of all, I just want to clarify that the European plan and the quantification of the European plan is worth two points. So, only if we didn’t have the decision of the European stock reduction, this will be two point extra growth over the quarter and as we said, this has been always our idea, but we didn’t have the quantification of this idea before and that's why we gave the range and that's why the range would have led us to be able to deliver what we promised, but still be able to quantify the input of these European strategy before making the final communication. So, that's what happened.
Fabrizio Freda: That’s a good question. First of all obviously the answer is both. Those marketing investment have an immediate benefit in some cases, but those in some other cases there to create long term growth potential for the company. Let me clarify what I mean, when the market investment is behind the new launch in a developed markets, obviously you see some improved results on this launch initially in the quarter, but when those investments like honestly the large majority of our extra investment at this point of time, and in adding emerging markets ,where we are basically investing to create brand equity, a long-term awareness of these brands, those investments after using some immediate results, but particularly are lay in the ground for future long-term solid growth in this new markets. Just to put a number straight, the increased advertising, merchandising and promotion during the third quarter was 14%. The increase in the fourth quarter that we expect is 35% versus year ago, so even more and however the advertising merchandising spending in percentage for the year in our current communicated estimate is actually flat to the percentage, but the absolute level is well above because obviously we're calculating this flat percentage on higher sales. So, by the end of the year, we would have spent over $100 million more in support heavily skewed on the second semester, and we do see an acceleration, because if you made the number we have been growing excluding the return in Europe is 7%, ex-currency and we forecast a further slight acceleration of this for the fourth quarter. So, pretty solid growth in the context with the current economic environment. Last point I want to add, we are also seeing obviously an increased spending from competition. So, the other way to look at that that we have been able in the first six months of this fiscal year to in a very efficient way with lower spending, but also in the context of competition also having on average lower spending. This quarter and next quarter we expect an increase spending also from our competitors they will make obviously our spending even more important.
Fabrizio Freda: As I said, we will communicate 2011 estimates in the end of next quarter, but in term of general term if you look at the total fiscal year spending, the percentage has been flat for this fiscal year and just they way it went by quarter it was reflecting a different initiative and competitive scenarios that we had the same would happen for next year. We will decide the spending by quarter depending, where we have the concentration of great initiative and opportunities and how we feel a competitive environment will be developing.
