Tracey Travis: Yes. And so Dara, obviously, what’s impacting us at the beginning of this year are significant unanticipated impacts to the business starting in the third and fourth quarter of last year and continuing into the first quarter with disruptions as it relates to some of the lockdowns and key parts of our business. As we think forward and for the outlook that we’ve provided today, we are expecting some easing, as Fabrizio said, in the second half of the year. And in the fourth quarter, we are expecting further easing. As we think about the construct of the business heading forward and assuming more stabilization of some of these matters, our business is intact in terms of the leverage that we can get, the margin expansion that we can get and the growth that we can get as well. As Fabrizio said, consumer demand is strong. It has been disrupted. We are mindful, as everyone else of, is – that there could be recessionary pressures in some of our key markets, and we are taking that into account. But the flexibility that we’ve created in our cost structure over the last few years remains intact and certainly positions us well in the future once there is more stabilization in the macro environment for continued strong top line growth and also continued strong margin expansion and EPS growth.
Tracey Travis: So, let me start on retail. It’s hard to do an average retail across all of our markets, as you might well imagine. I would tell you that in all of our markets, as we look at the projection for the year, retail is positive. It varies by market, but obviously, given some of the disruptions and slowness in certain markets, but it’s positive in every market. In some markets, it’s actually double digit positive. And so again, the gap between retail and net in many of our markets, certainly in our recovery markets, is not very big at all. In markets where we have had more disruption or we have the anticipation of a slowdown, that’s where we are seeing some more of the disconnect between retail and net.
Tracey Travis: So, I will start with the pricing. We are looking at – so there is no change in terms of the pricing that we took at the beginning of the year. We talked about pricing at about 5.5% on average across our markets, and that was taken in the July-August timeframe. We also anticipated in the prior guidance a secondary price increase, and we are looking at that in light of some of the inflation pressures and looking at taking slightly more pricing in certain markets, not across all markets. And that would be in the January-February timeframe. As it relates to our channels, channels that have had lower traffic are the ones that we are most focused on in terms of, obviously, slowing our shipments to those channels, so they don’t end up over stock, so we can bring down some of the stock levels in those channels. So, we talked about if you just think about the first quarter, we called out the channels that performed strongly for us in the first quarter. So, our specialty-multi channel performed strongly in our first quarter. Online in China performed strongly in our first quarter. So, those are the channels that continue to perform strongly for us. Other channels, we are a bit more cautious. Freestanding stores performed strongly for us in the first quarter. And we expect in recovery markets that freestanding stores will continue to perform well. So, we will continue, obviously, to supply our freestanding store network. Where both ourselves as well as our retailers are a little bit more cautious on some of the traffic trends that are being anticipated, we are being a bit more cautious in terms of how we supply those retailers.
Tracey Travis: Yes. I think we certainly have seen quite a bit of inflation in our supply chain, particularly as it relates to transport. We do see that continuing in parts of our supply chain. In other parts, we actually see it moderating. We have seen wage inflation as well. And again, that has been incorporated in some of the pricing that we have anticipated this year. We have seen advertising rates stabilize a bit. And so we are not seeing as much media inflation as we were seeing previously. So, those are, I would say, the biggest areas of inflation that we are watching. But the supply chain area is one that is a particular focus for us going forward. And again, we – one of the great things about our category, we do have pricing power, and so we have certainly exercised that where we see the inflationary impacts.
Tracey Travis: So, let me start, Jason. In terms of Hainan, no, we don’t anticipate that Hainan will be fully back to normal in Q4. Much improved, but not fully back to normal. And so we are now looking at fiscal ‘24 for traffic to recover. And again, it’s a guesstimate at this point in time. So, the recovery, obviously, has been slower than I think all of us have anticipated, but we do know that there is a commitment by the retailers in Hainan and certainly the area in general to get back to fantastic growth. They just opened a new mall. So, it is still an exciting travel destination, and we look forward to the recovery. But it is not fully recovered in our Q4 thoughts right now, more fiscal ‘24. In terms of Europe, Europe, as we said in our prepared remarks, is recovering. And so we have seen strong growth in Europe, particularly in emerging markets in Europe. We are seeing makeup recover. We are seeing strong fragrance growth. And the one category that has been a bit slower really in all of our markets has been skin care, but we have got strong innovation in the second half of the year and certainly into fiscal ‘24 that we believe will accelerate our skin care growth. But right now, we do not believe that there are any reasons to be concerned about Europe. Obviously, everyone has been talking about a European recession. But I think as many have talked about, and we would say the same, we are not seeing it yet. So, that’s Europe. As it relates to fiscal ‘24, when you think about this year, really the biggest – one of the biggest impacts we have had outside of the disruptions in terms of travel retail has been currency. And so our fiscal ‘24 is dependent on in terms of what we thought before will be impacted by what happens with currency. And one of the things that we talked about as well in the prepared remarks, some of our currency impact is adjusted out in our constant currency results and guidance. And some of it is not as it relates to travel retail in particular. And that’s a big amount. So, as you are looking at our margins and the significant impact on our margins, currency is an impact on our margins. So, depending on what happens with currency rates, that influences our outlook for fiscal ‘24. But most importantly, Jason, as it relates to the fundamental health of our business, once these disruptions are behind us, we still are – feel very strong about, obviously, the strategies that we executed throughout the last couple of years, this temporary impact, and how we have prepared the business for future growth. We are opening new production and R&D facility in Asia that will reduce some of the transport issues, or by the way, it will reduce some of the currency issues as well. And so there are many things that we have done over the last few years that have really strengthened our business once we emerge from the disruption that has been extended unfortunately this year, and our teams are managing through with fantastic resiliency. And we are, as Fabrizio indicated, incredibly proud of all of them and what they have been doing to support the business.
