Fabrizio Freda: Our business is accelerating. First thing, our Clinique and Lauder brand are accelerating. And in the third and fourth quarters, we are going to have some important launches with very solid advertising spending and support in some key regions of the world. So that's the key factor, one of the key factor for acceleration. The second is the continued growth of our midsize brands, that has continued to accelerate, and this also is acceleration in distribution around the world entering other markets. And then, the amazing performance of M·A·C, so that's on the brand side. And then, as we -- as Tracey just explained, we have an expectation of a recovery in Hong Kong. We have returned to normalized growth in travel retail that, as we explained, has been growing 4% in the second quarter, but the net was minus 4% because of adjustment of retailer stocks that we are expecting to be finished. So the combination of these factors, combined with a relatively easier base period for what Tracey explained like, for example, the very severe weather conditions in the United States, make us believe that we are going to accelerate our growth trend. 
Fabrizio Freda: And on Bluemercury, yes, I think your observation is correct. We have some brands, which are in Bluemercury, which have a lower distribution in the U.S., and they're doing very well within Bluemercury. So the plan that Macy's announced yesterday of expanding Bluemercury and to continue building their business the way they announced yesterday will be very favorable to our brands and to the distribution strategy of some of our high-end brands in the United States. 
Fabrizio Freda: And I just want to underline that there is a conscious decision to support our new innovation on Lauder and Clinique in a significant way because one of our priorities is to accelerate the growth trend of our Clinique and Lauder brands. And if we are able to do that, obviously, this will further improve our really strong brands as an overall company. Now to answer your second question is the -- so what is our expectation? Hong Kong, we expect to go back to growth, but we agree, and our expectation is not that we'll go back to the kind of growth that was there a couple of years ago. It is the fact that there is less traffic there than before in the stores of Chinese tourists. And it's the fact that these Chinese tourists are -- not trading down probably is not the right word, but the profile of the Chinese tourist, which is in this moment in Hong Kong, is less high end than they used to be. So because of this, we are prudently assuming that Hong Kong will go back to growth, but we are not assuming back to the kind of growth that was a few years ago. In terms of the Chinese having overall attitude to trade down, I don't think so. I think Chinese are just -- the high-end Chinese, which continue to spend well, are just changing their destinations. And it's true that Hong Kong so less of this kind of profile, but it's also true that places like Japan are seeing more than at places like London or Paris are seeing more solid travel of high-end Chinese in Europe is actually on an increasing trend. So Chinese consumer remains good travelers. They remain heavy spenders when they travel, remain very passionate, interested in beauty. And they remain interested in a very high-end prestige beauty products, but the destinations are switching and that's why what we were saying before, our agility and our ability to manage these traveling corridors in the best way and to evolve our traveling management, depending on how they travel, is a big strength. And I think you will see the results of this in the next months. 
Fabrizio Freda: Plus 4%. So the numbers in China this second quarter were plus 15% retail growth, plus 4% same-door retail growth and plus 4% net sales. 
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, big acceleration for the previous quarter. And as I said in my prepared remarks, with the acceleration across all brands with a great performance of the biggest brand in prestige beauty in China, Estée Lauder, and in acceleration all our midsize brands as well at the same time. 
Fabrizio Freda: Okay, so on Asia. It's the fact that in this moment, as we explained, Asia is not at the top growth of our -- it's for the reason you summarized, meaning Hong Kong is slow, China has slowed down on average, although we have an excellent quarter too. Korea is flattening and Japan is being in this recession environment. So it's a fact. Interestingly, one of our best-performing countries in Asia, and it's normally it is Australia and New Zealand. So yes, it's a fact that today Asia is in a moment of softness. Now, my point of view, our compass and our strategic work for the future will -- it counts on the fact that this will change. This -- Asia will be and know that will be volatile, will be up and down. This is a down moment. But Asia is a long-term opportunity and a very strong region in terms of projecting long-term growth. And the reason for that is obviously the huge increase of the middle-class, the growth of the prestige channel overall in these markets. The fact that we have deployed to Asia only a small percentage of our portfolio for the moment, the distribution opportunity which are in Asia. So when you look at the opportunity for growth and assumed a stabilization of political or economical turmoil, Asia is definitely continue to be a long-term opportunity. And as I said in my prepared remarks, China, particularly, continued to be a very important long-term opportunity for the company, and Chinese consumers, wherever they travel, particularly. Last, I don't want to meet the travel retail -- Asians are formidable travelers and they're very heavy spenders and travelers. So we really are going to drive the travel retail in China and Asia the best we can and we believe we continue to be a success story in the long term. Now your second question on Lauder and Clinique. Yes, we are speaking about acceleration, but to be clear, Lauder and Clinique today are growing less than the average of the company. And so our enthusiasm is just for the beginning of this acceleration. Frankly, more to come. And that's why we want to invest in making this happen because that will be the other important engine that we want to activate at this matching of stand. But as I said before, I'm very pleased to see that we are delivering an exciting growth ahead of the others of the industry, even if for the moment, the engines of Lauder and Clinique are not full speed. And so our intention is to bring these 2 engines full speed. Now when we will do this, I don't -- this will not be dilutive to our profit. Actually, Lauder and Clinique, combined, are profitable brands. It's a fact that we want to invest into these in advertising, but not to be confused with the other brands that are less advertised than Lauder and Clinique have cost in other areas of their P&L. So the overall profitability of Lauder and Clinique, the moment the 2 brands grow at the right level is definitely accretive to the profitability of the company. So it will be a very good thing. And that's why in our prepared remarks, we are saying that we continue to be comfortable with our long-term margin acceleration objectives. 
Fabrizio Freda: So we are gaining share in travel retail. In fact, the data on travel retail of retail, which are available to now at the first 9 months of the calendar '14. And in these 9 months, we continue to grow ahead of the market. So we continue to grow market share in travel retail. We plan to continue to grow market share in travel retail. The key drivers of that are the expansion of our brand portfolio, the continuous expansion of airport and opportunities and the growth in the existing high-traffic airports, which is driven mainly by increased conversion, meaning today, between 10% and 15% of the travelers buy anything. And so just 1 or 2 points increase in this conversion is a great growth opportunity. So the combination of these will provide growth. The amount of traffic in airports, which is the other factor we monitor, as you know, is growing. So this slowdown versus the traffic in this last period is not attributable, in my opinion, to any long-term trend. It's to a very specific situation and it's mix of travelers. Basically, it's not only we had been growing slightly below traffic, but entire industry has been growing. So we are still ahead of the industry. The industry is below traffic. The reason for that, the moment the traffic, which is -- the mix is changing and the increase of travelers are Americans and Europeans, and the decrease of travelers are Brazilian, Russian and Chinese, you understand that unfortunately, the level of growth in the selling, meaning in the conversion changes, so it's a temporary mix of travelers impact that makes that growth of the travel retail sales be slightly below the growth of traffic. As soon as the balance, the mix of travelers would again evolve, this will change again and I believe the conversion factor will push again, sales growth well ahead of traffic. Now we have a competitive strength in this area because we are the market leader of a both skin care and makeup combined. And we are, on the contrary, not the market leader in the fragrance part of the business. So when we have populations, which are very interested in makeup and skin care being the traveling -- sorry, the growing part of the traffic, we have an advantage. And that's why in our compass clearly show that we should be favored by the travel mix in the long term. 
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. And on Hong Kong, China and this -- I would exclude the traveling, but Hong Kong, China is about 10% of our business. And the travelers is -- we don't look at it in this way because we look at travel retail via corridors. And wherever there are Chinese shoppers, there are also Korean, Japanese, and so it's very difficult to define any place Greater China. So -- but Hong Kong, China is about 10% and then obviously, that is a very interesting path of travel retail, which is attributable to traveling Chinese consumers. And we believe this, as I said, this remains a very big opportunity of growth for the long term and we have an extremely solid portfolio. We are the market leader in this segment. We have an amazing portfolio of brands, but we have not yet deployed to these group of people all our strengths. For example, we are not yet deployed also in new acquisitions. So the only changes or regulations in China, frankly, there are frequent evolution and changes. But I don't believe that in -- again, there will be an impact on travel retail and other winning channels like online. I personally believe that the online channels within China will continue to grow, just because the consumer habits and the consumer preference or the way they're shopping will continue to go in that direction and we are ready to gain market share all this time in that area. And travel retail, again, is the result of the passion of Chinese for traveling and for buying during their travel. And so even if the price differential had to go down, I still believe there will be a very interesting growth factor on traveling Chinese. 
Fabrizio Freda: And in -- with these conditions implemented with the current innovation plan, Lauder and Clinique are growing mid-single digit in the U.K. as we speak, so even before the acceleration programs. 
Tracey Travis: So Lauren, on the 40 basis points, yes, it includes transaction costs. It includes the performance of the acquisitions for the time that we've owned them, and it also includes our current preliminary estimate for purchase accounting, so it includes all of those things. 
Tracey Travis: So on the first question in terms of our EPS guidance. We spoke about the fact that we did make a decision within the last quarter to shift some of our marketing funds into the third quarter, primarily, and some into the fourth quarter to support our second half launches, particularly for our heritage brands, given the some of the strength in those programs, so that's the piece of it. And then the other piece is from an EPS standpoint, within the range covering the dilution effect of the acquisitions. So those are the 2 pieces that are impacting that. 
Tracey Travis: Okay. So the purchase accounting is -- or the dilution is related to 3 things: One, are the deal acquisition costs, so those are onetime costs. They will not continue forward, obviously. The second is the -- just the operating performance of the combined acquisitions, which is small. And then the third piece is purchase accounting and right now we have an estimate for purchase accounting for a couple of the acquisitions we have not closed the purchase accounting yet, and you will certainly see all of that reflected in our 10-Q when we issue it later today. And that will continue forward, the purchase accounting impact. So -- but obviously, we have great expectations for the 4 brands. Chris talked about how excited he is to have them in his market and what he thinks the U.K. can do from an acceleration standpoint with the brands. So we would expect that dilution to mitigate over, certainly, into the next few years. 
Tracey Travis: So let me start with Asia, Wendy. And thank you for those questions. In terms of APAC, excluding Hong Kong, APAC for the second quarter would have grown low single digits. 
Tracey Travis: I think you said it well. The only thing I would add is we spoke a quarter or 2 ago about the program that we have established for the next few years on cost savings, and we have quite a structure around that. The team is delivering results in multiple areas, in direct procurement, returns, there's focus on obsolescence. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, some of the benefits that you're seeing from inventory and working capital is a result of on the efforts of the teams working together on really improving supply demand match and starting to bring, with increased service level, starting to bring inventory levels down. So more of that will be coming over the next few years and we certainly see a bigger year from an impact standpoint in fiscal '16. That is supporting, as Fabrizio mentioned, some of the investments that we're making in these other areas for long-term growth. So we are very pleased with the model we have, the combination of cost savings and investments for long-term growth. 
Tracey Travis: No, that's fine, Bill. So let me start. In terms of the foreign exchange impact that we spoke about, both for the quarter and the year, we were speaking about translation impact. However, embedded, obviously, in our reported results is the impact of transaction foreign exchange. So I did mention that on cost to goods, we actually had a benefit in for -- transaction foreign exchange. And that is related to some of the favorable hedges that we have in place, which over time, will mitigate. But it is primarily the reported numbers that I gave you were translation numbers. As it relates to the acquisitions, again, there are 3 parts to that dilution effect for this year. A portion of it is onetime and that is the deal-related cost for 4 acquisitions. A portion of it is purchase accounting, and again, that is preliminary purchase accounting and we will certainly true that up in the next -- within the next quarter or so. And then a portion is the operating performance, a smaller portion is the operating performance of the acquisition, which should be accretive, certainly, at least the operating portion of the acquisitions accretive in the next year or so. The purchase accounting, because of the structure of the deal, is dilutive and will be dilutive, but not nearly as dilutive as this year. 
Tracey Travis: And then I would just add, Fabrizio called out the results that we saw in the last quarter as China is accelerating in terms of performance. So I think in terms of what is going on now with e-commerce and the ports, we are not seeing an impact yet from any of that activity. 
Tracey Travis: So we're glad we squeezed you in as well. In terms of the gross profit margin, about 20 basis points of the 50 basis points that I spoke about was related to transaction -- foreign exchange transaction gains. And then the balance was related to manufacturing variances and a little bit of mix. So as you know, mix, category mix and geographic mix, has a big impact on our gross profit margins as does, obviously, the impact from pricing as well. So we certainly expect that we will continue to see benefits, but they will vary quarter-by-quarter, depending on our region mix and depending on our channel mix. But that's really -- that was the impact in the quarter specifically related to the transaction gain. 
