Fabrizio Freda: Okay. So first of all, the key drivers for us let's go one by one, skincare very sustainable. The consumers always were more and more enthusiastic for skincare. We have an amazing pipeline innovation for the future years and the strengths of Asia and particularly of China is internal mix one of the biggest builder of skincare because the penetration of skincare, the penetration of beauty for skincare in Asia is very, very high. So we assume the skincare strengths will continue after COVID. The other driver is China and the potential of China as we explained very well at our Investor Day is for the long-term. The Chinese -- the demographic arrived the potential of the smaller cities of tier three and tier four cities will continue to grow. The power of online and offline distribution will continue to be very strong. In TR imagine that the TR growth today, the TR results are mainly driven by Asia and particularly by the domestic travel acceleration within China. So in the future, the domestic travel acceleration within China will continue, but the international travel will be reinstated and so this will be a father acceleration in the long-term when COVID will abate. So all our key drivers are really here for the long-term and most importantly as you know, our drivers tend to be accretive in profitability. So they will clear resources over time. The lager is a brick-and-mortar particularly in the West. Now this obviously in the short term is an issue because there is a lack of traffic and the lack of traffic has created issues of productivity but also on this one, we are working for rebuilding this for the long-term and so what is a drag today, a big drag on what is about one third of our business is still in brick-and-mortar in the West and so you should imagine that the traffic post COVID will come back that there are all the retailer closures that Tracy summarized, which are happening that will reduce the amount of stores which not be sustainable in the long term and our business acceleration program, which is really putting that right sizing if you want all the channel for us rebuilding productivity over time. And so the combination of traffic closures and business acceleration program is our answer to in the long term after COVID been able to make also brick-and-mortar a gain and engines of growth, which will be profitable in building the company for the long-term. So we are very positive in summary on the continuous trends post COVID of our drivers, new accelerated drivers and we are working to make also what is a drag in the short-term rebuilt as a positive long-term channel which is the brick-and-mortar in the West. Internal makeup was the last part of your question, makeup is very much driven by user locations. So user location meaning to going to the office, going out for dinner, having etcetera. So clearly the makeup category growth will be associated with the post recovery and we will be ready for that. Our point of view is that when the user location will go back into the lives of people, the recovery will be fast and steep and so we are ready for that. Now if when do we assume this will happen frankly, the answer is difficult to answer the same way Tracey explained is difficult to answer, when vaccination all the rest will have a full impact, but we believe that from what we see in the market just casting the full of 2021, we could see beginning of certain usage location to the established because of this makeup growth with follow back in our opinion starting from that moment particularly.
Fabrizio Freda: So first of all the online business has done very well this quarter plus 60% globally and is interesting we are growing double or triple digit in every brand, every region, every channel, a meaningful channel brand.com, retail.com, third party platform pure plays and so Western Europe is the same. Western Europe is growing depending by market double-digit or triple digit in online and obviously the holiday season has been because of the lockdown as you know in Western Europe particularly COVID was pretty high in November, December. Because of this, the brick-and-mortar were closed in countries like the UK as an example, December was a super difficult month and so it was no regular Christmas holidays in brick-and-mortar and obviously UK was not the only place and so because of this we were able to pivot to online in an historical way. I think our teams have done an amazing work in taking care of our consumer online when they were because of proven behavior for COVID now going into the brick-and-mortar and what we've seen that this works in many, many cases meaning again the consumer's certain categories we're working because of repeat meaning the consumer didn’t do without their preferred Le Mer cream or their preferred advanced whatever and so we got a lot of the selling via the online channel. But also we are able to stick to their gifting habits and we created gifting opportunities and delivering all those for gifting etcetera. So it was a lot of activity and invention in this area. Now this online in general, I believe the online will continue to be very strong also in the long-term and this acceleration will continue also post COVID and one of the reason for that which is particularly true in Western Europe is that the new online focus created growth online, more than created new consumers including more mature consumers. Online particularly in Europe was really dedicated to millennial or younger consumers while during COVID, more mature consumers came online and they're lacking it and they're becoming loyal and so they will also post COVID have a bigger percentage of their shopping online than before. On top of this, if you think that we are adding high touch services online, so what were the services that in before were available in brick-and-mortar now gradually but they're also available online and we've been able to scale the speed online. Just to give you a number to understand our ability to scale new ideas is today digital try [ph] is already available in 90% of our brand.com sales internal coverage. Now imagine that that it was not even close to that six months ago and so the consumer responded to that and this is driving also in Western Europe a lot of online and probably sustainable and more loyalty online across different group of consumers. So online had a big role in Western Europe in quarter two and will continue to have a bigger and growing role over time in the next years.
Fabrizio Freda: So the first answer is yes, we are working with our partners and discussing the ultra target and the calls opportunities as you said as part of your question. This will depend on which brands in our portfolio these two opportunities may fit different brands in our portfolio and so we are evaluating these with our partners and we are considering participation by brand to these activities and this could be a driver of future acceleration of the COVID in North America as well, importantly to underline these two opportunities are both brick-and-mortar and online and so obviously it will be very important also to been able to manage the online part of that opportunity. In term of the portfolio of brands, we continuously look at our portfolio. We look at our portfolio for efficiency and we open with Dundee's already in the past to rationalization decisions in our portfolio meaning closing brands that for a good reason do not -- cannot sustain the long-term investments and we continue looking into acquisitions an opportunity for reinforcing our portfolio in areas where we have strategic opportunities or strategic apps. So this is a continuous process and during COVID this is continuing.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah the makeup category in China is stronger than makeup in the other regions because as I say responded to broader social locations and the user locations, but it's still decline, so is not different than the rest of the world China meaning skincare is very, very strong, fragrance is accelerating and makeup is large even in China however, on a completely different proportion because when you see -- when you think of this nature just gave before that makeup is completely correlate to the location of user in China because of the good control of COVID and because of the occasions like business offices are open, people are shopping more regularly, brick-and-mortar shopping is more present in most of the cities. Because of these more occasions makeup is in better shape but still is the lag between the categories and mostly in China I'd say from our consumer understanding is because of mask waving meaning China is better controlling COVID but also better controlling COVID because there is very disciplined mask wearing and mask wearing also is the reason for less use of makeup. So stronger than the rest of the world but still not as strong as it will be after COVID and post COVID where we assume there will be or expect that will be a strong recovery on makeup also in China.
Fabrizio Freda: It's a very good question and again our point of view this will be very sticky because the people shopping online and obviously some of them are shopping online because the brick-and-mortar were closed for showing the case of luxury, but they're lacking it and we see all the statistics, all the data telling us they are enjoying the skills. For example, our loyalty programs are working better and better and we have more loyalty program as we discussed and they're getting expanded and the level of loyalty is going up and the re-pastures rate meaning they're coming, that is going up. Then we see conversions very strong and traffic increasing and there are ways where the conversion will be driven will be maintained after. The most important of the investment we're doing in order to maintain conversion also after COVID is the high touch services transfer online. So the chart with the consultants, digital try on, the live streaming opportunities, the use of our particularly the brand.com in this case also has media platform because we see that the time that the consumers are spending on online is increasing dramatically because when the digital try-on service, the possibility to consult, they spend more time and this time is time of disposure to our equity messages. So this is media value, this is really media value meaning we have more than half billion consumers coming on our site and more in this moment and then imagine that they stay nine minutes and they say if we're to buy media to speak to half a billion consumers for nine minutes this will be a huge cost while building place is another benefit of our selling operations. So there is a lot of value in these high touch services. What they will do is they will increase differentiation of our sites from us. They will increase traffic because people are coming not only to buy product for the services and will maintain or possibly farther increase conversion after COVID and then finally will increase the value of our online as media value and so this is a very positive view for the long-term. Obviously we believe that there is a lot of consumer that will continue to shop also in brick-and-mortar after COVID and there is no one consumer there is only online, only brick-and-mortar. I believe the consumer would love the omnichannel speed particularly after COVID they will be anxious to get a gain to brick-and-mortar experience, so they will come back and that's why we are building around these realities this expectation, imagine better omnichannel platform where the consumer will be able to choose the percentage of time or the speed in online and how much they want in brick-and-mortar and that will navigate and on the two channels in new ways. I believe that companies that will have brands that will have a good omnichannel model in the future will have a competitive advantage.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes now as I said before, our travel retail business in the short term is really driven by Asia in general and China domestic in particular within China domestic, China is the star and is driven by the new traffic and by the increased conversion and by the quantities past just because of the regulations that you just explained and by the developmental of retail. So those are all very important long-term strengths of the channel which is developing. Now when the normal travel will and will never be normal except, but the new normal travel stated after COVID and you are this progress of the domestic travel in China, the international travel in America and Europe within the rest of Asia and the Chinese consumer will go back travelling the world and that's obviously their desire one of the biggest aspiration shoot to the consumer when I look to the consumer opinions and research for the long-term. So when there will be a combination of the stated international travel with stronger domestic travel model that has been developed during this period, this will make still one of the most important long term channels of opportunity -- full of opportunities and again the biggest opportunity remain technically driving conversion. So the conversion of travelers into bias and the retail, so the possibility of buying also without queuing in a store for a long time where you need to take a plane I think, those two elements are big drivers of the future travel retail independently from the short-term management of the cash. And in term of the China overall business, we do monitor Chinese consumers. We spoke to it last time. This time our Chinese business between quarter one and quarter two is basically double the level of growth our China mainland business. Our TR business has also accelerate but not as strong as the China Mainland business which was driven by amazing online events like 1111 during the November period. And so the combination of the development of online within China the sudden brick-and-mortar in China is still double-digit in quarter two was growing double-digit showing the potential of brick-and-mortar when COVID is more managed or will be more manageable and then travel retail continues to do very well and so when look is also to our total Chinese consumer consumption bringing altogether what is domestic travel retail and Mainland China we still see an acceleration in total from quarter one to quarter two and so we believe this is a very, very strong potentially. We're working to manage it in a way which is still building equity of our brands, still protecting every single one of our partners been able to do good business with us for the long-term and that's our goal and we are working on it.
Fabrizio Freda: Brand.com, online is different channels, they are brand.com, retail.com, pure play and third-party platform, which we did find that the chemo model and so these channels have different level of developments by counties and this is the results of consumer preferences and historical development of the channel. So it's not that we're driving. We're driving all of them and particularly we work with our retail partners very close to drive their retail.com, which is most of the times doing very well, particularly in this period but also for the long-term. So for example in China, retail.com is very limited and white brand.com and most importantly, third-party platform is the most developed while in the US, retail.com is very, very strong and we see a lot of great developments recently in the retail.com of our key partners and this also serves in this moment as a mitigating factor to the brick-and-mortar issues of productivity that we've discussed before. So we will continue develop each one of these channels and is the consumer deciding where to go and obviously we talked with each one of our retail partners to do the best possible job in every channel.
Tracey Travis: So regarding our production capacity as you’ve seen from our results over the last couple of quarters, clearly where we have been in need and have been investing in terms of production capacity is in skincare and we have invested in North America, we've invested in Europe and as you heard us announce this morning in our prepared remarks, we are also investing in a new facility in Asia to support primarily skincare and there will be some makeup primarily foundation as we're thinking right now in Asia. So very much having capacity closer to where our strong demand growth is will be a real benefit to us and we're looking, were certainly looking forward to that. As it relates to the margin, I would as I said in my prepared remarks Olivia, we had done an excellent job of controlling cost last year once the pandemic hit. Many of those cost controls were temporary controls. When you think about the management salary reductions, some of the rent abatements that we got, given the fact that our stores were closed, some of the furloughing benefit and some of the other back on we controlled headcount, TV, etcetera. So selling terms of the learning going forward, clearly there are some areas of I'd say more discretionary cost as we emerge out of the pandemic that we will continue to control, but the long-term sustainable cost controls really come from our cost saving programs. That's where the permanence, more sustainable cost take up comes from. So that's the reason why you're seeing if you think about what we said last year in terms of our cost programs and the significant amount of management that we did in the third and the fourth quarter to control costs given the fact that all of our brick-and-mortar doors over the course ended up closing that some of those costs certainly will be back in the second half in the third and the fourth quarter. But we will continue to manage costs in a disciplined way as we have up to this point.
Tracey Travis: Absolutely, we have tailwind as it relates to margin given both our category mix growth as well as our channel mix growth. We do have obviously a fairly large footprint of brick-and-mortar that right now given where traffic is, is a bit of a drag on our margin performance and obviously we're addressing that and we will see once the pandemic is behind us and traffic returns, how fast it returns and in the meantime obviously we're taking some actions but we are very comfortable that we have margin progression ahead of us once the pandemic is behind on in a more sustainable way, especially given the tailwinds that we have to your point Chris.
Tracey Travis: It's again over the very long term, so look I'd say that certainly that is something that we are targeting, given all of our -- again given the tailwind in terms of channel growth and category growth might change obviously makeup might we believe makeup will recover and we're certainly going to support it to recover and the margins will improve on makeup as well. Makeup actually is the category that has the biggest penetration of freestanding stores and brick-and-mortar. So it is a category that is particularly challenged from a margin standpoint in this particular environment. But certainly Michael, everything that we're doing from a business management standpoint and from a cost management standpoint would get us in that North Star of 20%.
Tracey Travis: Let me talk about the key shopping moments, absolutely particularly in the holiday period as you recall last year in the second quarter we had a 16% growth in constant currency, very much driven by key events that that are in the second quarter. The fourth quarter 618 did quite a bit actually less meaningful to the quarter than certainly 1111, but we are seeing concentration in some of those events and certainly that be in terms of our expectation on sales really flowed through to the bottom line in the second quarter.
