Fabrizio Freda: Yes. I think we are gaining shares depending by country, by channel, frankly, with different source. And we are also -- in some channels, we are gaining share from the small players. But there are some channels, where, frankly, we are getting shares from the big player. Let me give you examples. In the fastest-growing channels, like travel retail or online, we are definitely getting share from the big players. And on the contrary, in some more traditional channels and in some other areas where we are growing but we are not very big into a market share yet, like specialty doors, in this case, we are taking share also from small players. So it's a mixed picture. And the other important aspect is that we continue to source business, in general, from mass, meaning that as you have seen, this is the second consecutive year where, in general, prestige in several countries around the world is growing faster than the mass. And I believe this is also the result of our strategy and the strategy of some of our big competitors, which is going through continuous improved innovation, continuous improved services in the prestige environment and stronger advertising of these better products and better services, which is leading more and more consumers to be interested in our space.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. There are several areas where we have only scratched the surface of improvement because of lack of systems and lack of a unified way to look at the opportunity across the globe. So first of all, we still can improve dramatically the service level to our retailers. That, in turn, will generate greater sales because we will lose less volume from out of stock and less volume from delays or lack of being able -- or not being able to deliver. And obviously, most importantly, we will get less returns. As you know, with still a significant amount of money that we use every year to manage returns, to destroy products that is very inefficient, obviously, and we have opportunity to improve. Second area is we can add more responsive supply chain and better cost across our global supply chain and, in general, across our operations, including the interface between supply chain and product innovation and product development. Third, we can definitely improve our inventory management and bring them to lower levels and, in turn, get lower obsolescence and lower distractions. And we can move our turns from 3 to 2 possibly over the years. Fourth, we can improve our entire procurement. We have done some good progress there, but we have a long way to go. And so far, we're already 3x our original expectations. And frankly, I believe there is much more once the systems will allow us to work globally in the correct way. Then we are going to further reduce our points and -- points of inventory of warehouses. And this will, in turn, reduce further over time our distribution cost. We will support also many processes that today are very much people-intensive. And so this will continue to allow us to grow, improve our productivity. And finally, just in general, better availability of information that from my experience can create an even better allocation of resources. And since we are spending a lot of money in OpEx, as you know, at least allocating this money correctly and generating better return, we would still further improve our efficiencies. So that's in summary. And obviously, we have many more details that we are working on. And as Rick mentioned, the PMT, which is the group inside the company which has driven the delivery of the value of our restructuring while completing our restructuring, is also initiating a very deep and in-depth analysis of the next opportunity that I just mentioned.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. Let me start just framing the strategic issue, and then we'll give you all the specific numbers. First of all, the High-Touch services, like the one you mentioned from Clinique, Service As You Like It, is expanded by brand, meaning Service As You Like It is a Clinique point of view of services that is Lauder, La Mer, other brands that have different point of view. So what we are expanding globally is a specific High-Touch service model for each of our brands. And we are very advanced. But the point is not that we -- once we finished expansion, that's not the end of it, because now we are working with the concept of service innovation, meaning like each of our brand launch new products every year, our brands have people thinking what is the next service that a consumer wants to make our products even more exciting. And this happens on every brand. So you will see a continuous rollout of services. Now some of these services require capital, like the one that require counter restructuring. But many, I would say the majority of them, do not require capital, just require a good execution using our existing resources. In terms of selling efficiencies, we have -- we will continue to improve our efficiency in-store, which, as you can imagine, they are linked, that sales per door. So the better sales we sell per door, the more efficient in sales expenses we become in general. Then the total company sales expense is also subject to mix in the sense the more we grow in segments, where sales expenses are lower, like specialty doors or like online that we are discussing today, the more the mix improves in this area. Now I'd like Rick to give you some specifics.
Fabrizio Freda: No. You said it very well. U.S. market has been growing very, very fast in prestige in the last couple of years. And this is also because of all what we have done, frankly, of moving consumers from mass to prestige. Now what we are seeing is that we do not expect the market to continue a double-digit growth overall, but still we expect the market will grow mid to high digit. So very solid market, but maybe not double-digit. That's as far as the market is concerned. We have been growing very well, as you said. We have been growing market share in skin care that was our focus. Frankly, we are doing very well also in makeup because what you don't see in the NPD numbers is the M-A-C freestanding stores, which are a very successful part of our business. And we have been losing share in fragrances because we have been cleaning up our fragrance activity from heavy promotion or unprofitable parts of our activities. And this obviously is subject to change. We believe we'll go back growing in fragrances as well once we have reached the level of profitability and when the business model will be ready for that. And I think we are close to the moment where we should see growth also in fragrances in the U.S., in the sense that in the next months, we'll start progressing in that direction. And then probably in fiscal year '14, we'll see the most of the impact of the activity we are preparing. And also I wanted to add, we are growing very largely in hair care because while it's true that our Ojon brand is not yet hitting the way it will, I believe, but our Aveda and Bumble brands are really growing nicely. And we are enjoying a development of this category as well in the U.S. The last thing I want to say on the U.S., by the way, this is an opportunity, I think one of our most successful channels in the U.S. has been online. And online, we have been growing very, very fast. I would like Dennis to say a few words on the success of our online business in the U.S.
Fabrizio Freda: No. I don't have a number, unfortunately. I wish I have systems that are so sophisticated to allow to answer this question specifically, but is significant, in the sense that we know, for example, in some stores where we have this information, like some M-A-C stores in New York, we know that Brazilians could be even 1/3 of sales. But obviously, not in all stores but in a few stores, where there are a lot of tourists. And the same for Chinese in California or in the West part of the country. So can be significant, but is significant in the cities and in the areas, where there are a lot of tourists and travelers. It's less significant obviously, on the average of the country.
Fabrizio Freda: Because our expertise and our focus is in different areas of the fragrance market, which, by the way, are also growing very fast, like high-end prestige fragrances that the lists in our model are more profitable.
Fabrizio Freda: Also I just want to mention one thing for simplicity is that last year, the year we just closed, our analysis of the global market, the prestige market, grew 5%. We are saying that we believe our estimate for the next 12 months is 3% to 4%. In other words, our concern about North America being solid but a little bit slower, China being solid but slower or Western Europe being actually in trouble, our concern reflects into our assumption, which is a capital point. So global market growth less than we have seen so far. And now obviously, if this will happen, we believe we can deliver the 6% to 8%. If this will not happen, meaning if the market will grow better than 3%, we may deliver more. If the market will grow worse than 3%, then, obviously, we will have something at risk and we'll need to find offsets within our activity as we do every time, where we have a risk to manage. So that's as simple as the way we look at it.
Fabrizio Freda: And I just realized I didn't answer your part on the question on travel retail on is this new consumers or just cannibalizing the base business in the countries. No, we know that there are a lot of new consumers. In other words, different from what maybe people believe, travel retail is not only a replenishment business and lower cost for people that are lucky enough to travel, it's really new trial. In fact, travel retail, like online, like Dennis just explained, is a beautiful channel for launching products, for creating new trial, for making people interested for the first time into your brands. And so it's an excellent channel. Basically, travel retail and online have a lot of similar elements in being a strong trial channel, high-margin, great service and an opportunity to build unique competitive advantage.
Fabrizio Freda: I mean, hair care as a whole, what you are seeing is that, first of all, Aveda is doing well. And recently, Aveda launched a product line called Invati, which is doing exceptionally well. And we are going to further expand this product line, where we are in distribution and expand Aveda distribution. Bumble is doing extraordinarily well in the U.S. and we are going to expand the model also internationally. Ojon, on the contrary, has been below expectation and also, you've seen the numbers, the impaired assets this fiscal year, the fiscal year we just closed, they obviously are within total hair care. So we believe next year will be a further acceleration because Aveda and Bumble will continue to further improve their expansion. And, for example, we have the first-time TV advertising on Aveda that will join our big brands in this activity. Aveda is also our fourth biggest brand. So it's one -- will be one of the key drivers of our growth and we are expanding also in travel retail in Asia and it is one of the key drivers. Also we really are embarking into the bigger year for the long-term to create a hair care prestige business. And Aveda and Bumble are brands which are already ready for that. And Ojon, we continue preparing it for that. But we believe we have good chances of succeeding also there.
Richard W. Kunes: Sure. And -- so in the past year, our selling expense improved about 40 basis points versus the year before. In the last 3 years, it's over a 200 basis point improvement. And as Fabrizio said, the opportunity is really to set productivity metrics by door and by counter, by brand to really improve those numbers. And there is a mix effect, as Fabrizio mentioned. We also have, in a sense, the other way is that as we expand our retail stores, which have a slightly higher selling expense than our normal business, that works the other way. But we see it as an opportunity and we intend to go after it.
Richard W. Kunes: Javier, that's about 20 questions in that one. But we'll do our best to answer them. So first, there is no timing impact on our first quarter of shipments. The growth guidance that we have is just year-over-year growth. And actually, growth over a prior year quarter, that grew, I think, 18%. So we're pretty comfortable with the first year's growth. As far as the budget goes, when we were at this time frame last year, there were risks that were out there as well. And quite honestly, the 6% to 8% guidance that we gave then, we just had a good year. We were very successful with some of our new launches. We grew our business. We expanded some distribution. So I mean, we had a great year this year, which allowed us to exceed those numbers. We go into this fiscal year with certainly a level of uncertainty that we're all aware of that's out there. But we're comfortable with our 6% to 8% guidance, and we think that it's built as solidly as our budget was last year. It's just that we'll have to see what develops over the course of the year. But we're comfortable with the guidance that we've given.
Richard W. Kunes: Yes. Regarding the number of freestanding stores, we have 800 freestanding stores versus 750 last year, and we're going to add about 75 new doors in fiscal 2013. And I hope that covers most of your question.
Richard W. Kunes: I'm sorry, Tim, I'm going to disappoint you a little bit. Out of the 75 doors, I know that 35 are M-A-C. They are spread, quite honestly, geographically around the world. But if you want, if you give Dennis a call sometime after our conference call, we'll be able to give you the other details, where the rest are.
Richard W. Kunes: Yes. No, I think you said it perfectly, Fabrizio. We have 2 initiatives for savings in the advertising area, and one is on efficiency, which, as Fabrizio says, how can we spend our dollars better, wiser? Can we use less service providers, if you will, around the creation of some of our advertising? Is there ways to be more efficient in the way we spend our money? And the second initiative that's under way is around effectiveness. So of the advertising that we do, are we reaching the right consumer? Are we running the right ads in the right locations in the right media, if you will, that gives us the best effectiveness of the dollars that we spend? So we will see the percentage growth and percentage of sales start to slow down somewhat. But we think that underlining that will be a much more effective and much more efficient spend of those dollars.
Richard W. Kunes: Sure. And regarding the regional profitability, if you were to look at a Clinique business, a Clinique counter around the world, that profitability is relatively the same. I think what you see as far as our regional profitability is somewhat of a mixed effect, if you will. Number one, I mentioned during my comments that we have a large U.S. dollar-based expense base here in the U.S. So that is our corporate headquarters. We have lots of our brand management located in the United States. So that sort of remains, if you will. And we have a larger fragrance business here, which is a lower-profitability category of business for us. Going in the right direction, by the way, and we're making some pretty good strides in improving its profitability. But it is a fairly large business here in the U.S. That makes it somewhat less profitable. So as we grow faster internationally, because of that mix effect a little bit, you get some benefit related to the fragrance comment I just made. But we still have this U.S. dollar-denominated expense base, which is something that we deal with as a company. So I don't think it's quite the picture that you were envisioning.
Richard W. Kunes: And then, Ali, you are correct that we do have some opportunities in cost of goods that should result from the implementation of SAP software. And in fiscal 2013 in particular, you'll see some more so from pricing and from continuation of product mix, some improvements in cost of goods. But we will see some additional benefits beyond '13 coming in cost of goods from the implementation of SMI. However, we will see some pretty strong improvements in operating expenses from a few areas. First, this productivity metric that we put in place controls, if you will, our people cost, which are about -- well, they used to be 50% of our operating expense base. And right now, they're actually dropped down to about 45%. So already this productivity has taken a big effect on the people cost within operating expenses. Also the A&P effectiveness that we just talked about is obviously an operating expense. The indirect procurement opportunity that Fabrizio mentioned is really around everything that we spend in indirect procurement. We do a pretty good job in purchasing and in -- of our cost of sales-related items. But when you get into operating expenses, that's where we really have the opportunity to get some efficiencies through the indirect procurement process. And we also have the distribution savings that Fabrizio mentioned. So really, the combination of all of those should give us a opportunity for our operating expense improvement going forward.
Dennis McEniry: So online business in the U.S. is about -- we expect it this year to be about 9% of the total U.S. business. And we've been growing in the low 20% year-over-year for many years. And it's a very strong business for us in the U.S. And that U.S. business has allowed us to bring that model successfully to other markets around the world. So the capabilities that we've built in the U.S. have been kind of the core of what we've been able to do and roll that out to Asia-Pacific and Europe.
Dennis McEniry: So just some general comments. First of all, starting with your last points on service. High-Touch service for us has been one of the hallmarks in the way we've built the business online. We staff our customer service areas with the real beauty advisors and makeup artists, hair salon specialists, et cetera. So that is a key thing that we do. And as I mentioned earlier, we're rolling that out to each of the markets around the world. In terms of service delivery, we track that very carefully. We have one of the highest speed-to-deliveries. So from order to the door, we track that in each market. And we are doing very well there. We are planning on testing same-day delivery in key megacities around the world. And that's upcoming. In terms of other distribution choices, flash sales, et cetera, our brands have experimented with that. It, frankly, is not a key part of our strategy online, although we are constantly testing out all of these new models, and that's a core of what we do.
Dennis McEniry: Sure. So a couple of points. One, we see the U.S. growth being very strong for the years to come, the next several years. We also -- however, though, as we open up more markets and we build our capabilities in more markets, we see a growing percentage of our mix coming from international sales. And that's been happening now for the last 3 or 4 years, as we open up markets around the world. China, frankly, can be one of the biggest markets for us in the future. It is expected that in 2015, China will become the largest e-commerce market in the world, surpassing the U.S. for the first time. So the U.S. has always been the largest e-commerce market. And by 2015, it's expected that China will become the #1 e-commerce market in the world, and we are aggressively pursuing that opportunity. In terms of replenishment and new sales, it kind of differs by category. Fragrance for us is more of a replenishment market. However, for skin care and makeup, our strong brand launches are always equally done well online. And so new purchases, for instance, for the M-A-C, Lauder, Clinique brands always work outstanding online. And so we see both new consumers and new product launches do well. And frankly, for fragrance, it's more of a replenishment market.
