Fabrizio Freda: Let me start answering this question. I think the key point is I don't think stocks -- the key point here is that the color makeup market has softened. And there are certain companies like us and certain retailers which are more exposed to makeup than others. And this has fluctuations. And so in that quarter, that was the new news that we have managed around. And so the key idea is that when we see trends, we are able to anticipate and react to those trends. That's why we moderated the impact of this fluctuation on makeup, pushing more obviously our skincare business and continue building our distribution in the way that we want to focus it in the long term, meaning swinging the distribution toward high traffic, high performance channels and retailers gradually over time. So, the strategy continues. On top in North America, we have really improved our team, our capabilities, our ability to manage the market granularly exactly to anticipate and react to these trends very fast. We have better consumer insights; more local relevance and we have dramatically improved the ability to work online and our online business have been very solid. So, we are committed to improve the North America trends in the course of this fiscal year obviously even more in the long term. And this quarter was mainly, as I explained, a softer than expected color makeup business.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, that's fair. It is going to be more proactive segmentation. Also it's going to be innovation focused on this proactive segmentation. That's why in my prepared remark I explained that our innovation, for example, the Clinique innovation on makeup is more customized exactly to the opportunity we had identified. I also explained that frankly, when you don't look to the last quarter or the last six months, but you look to the last five years, the categories, makeup, skin care or even the subcategories like color cosmetic versus the foundation or moisturizer versus anti-aging had different situation and different trends. On average over the years, this category all been growing pretty well. In this moment, there is a softness in color makeup for a specific consumer-driven reason. I personally believe this will come back. It has always come back up and down over time.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And also, I want to clarify because maybe this is not completely coming out from the fragrance number that our high-end fragrances so Jo Malone, Tom Ford continues to grow very strongly also in North America -- globally and in North America. So the fragrance number is 100% influenced by the base period of the launch of Estee Lauder in the past and scent designer fragrance performance, but our high-end fragrances continue to be strong performance, continue to become a bigger percentage of our business and we are at the moment of tilting the proportion.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. First of all, I want to say our estimate of the market is still very, very strong and the 5% to 6% is at the top of the historical averages. So to be clear, we continue to believe that this -- the prestige beauty is going to be one of the fastest growing market in consumer goods and that will continue to be in this moment on top of the historical averages. So, this is a great moment of growth overall. We have taken this point down in reflecting the reality of the softening of the color makeup, particularly in the Anglo market, specifically North America, UK, Australia and to reflect our assumption to a moderation of growth, in China and Travel Retail that however, to be clear, we have not yet seen happening, but just to be consistent with our future forecast and that's what we're seeing, but again, this is the most robust consumer market in the numbers and this robustness will continue in our estimate.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And on top of what Tracey explained, obviously is the strength of this quarter -- the strengths of the last two years show that we are growing clearly ahead of market. So we are gaining market share. So it's not that we plan to do anything different. We continue to gain market share in a very good way, we are growing market share today. Our strategy for growing market share is not to spend aggressively in stable markets to fight market share in a zero-sum gain. Our strategy to grow market share is dictated by our Compass, where we anticipate where growth will come from and we build market share at the beginning of the growth trend. For example, in this moment, we are gaining significant market share in China. We are gaining significant market share in every single of the emerging markets of the world. We are gaining, again, market share in Europe, in Western Europe. We are gaining market share in most of the categories in the UK because of the softness on the market. And so we grow market share where we are taking the opportunity to really anticipate growth in areas that then in the future will increase dramatically so that our market share is also a reflection of mix where our high market share markets will become over time bigger and grow our global market share. So it's a very long-term-oriented game. And because of this, it's very efficient and our rate of return on the investment of our market share growth are excellent and I monitor it every day. The other big driver of market share growth is innovation. As we said, we had a robust innovation, a very, very good results in the success of our innovation. In the last years, we have improved it dramatically. Our speed of our innovation is improving; in this moment, we had about 70% of the innovation that we had developed from idea to market in 12 months and many other particularly makeup within six months. This was not possible in the past and this has reinforced our ability to grow market share via innovation in every market of the world. And then finally, our Leading Beauty Forward activities have created more flexibility for us to invest in advertising and advertising invested in the current way is the other increasing tool and increasing strength for us to grow market share globally.
Fabrizio Freda: The contingency plan is the diversification of our business in the sense that we believe that the total beauty business globally will continue to grow healthy, as I just explained in the previous question. So we can argue, if this 5% to 6% or 6% to 7%, but those are the recent numbers. And this is sustainable in the long term as we have explained in our Analyst Day. So that being the base, however as we have demonstrated in this moment, that could be in a given market, a given category which is softer in this moment is color makeup in the United States as an example. And then what we do is that we are able to continue to try to improve in this category and using the softness also to build some market share. But most importantly, we are going to diversify our investment, our innovation, our marketing activation, our consumer repeat purchase activations and CRMs on where there is growth. And today we have the agility to move investment from maybe temporarily soft markets or categories to very, very high growth market and categories. This agility has improved, thanks to the increase of variable cost and reduction of fixed costs that Leading Beauty Forward provide and our flexibility to invest in advertising when needed. So, basically the answer -- the overall strategic answer to your question, the flexibility that we have is part of our multiple engine or growth strategy and the ability to continuously invest on where there is growth, where the return of our investment will be the highest not only financially, but also in term of growth in market share. Then going more in specific of the flexibility, we have taken this quarter -- I think this quarter, you can read it in many different ways, but for us it's a terrific demonstration of our multiple engine of growth. We are delivering a 12% growth globally and despite color makeup had one of the softer trends in Anglo markets in the last years, Hong Kong has been difficult, and North America business in total had a softer market than expected. Why? Because we have accelerated angry [ph] market share and deployed innovation in skincare in a terrific way across the globe in every single market because this quarter, 94% of our brands grew, basically all our portfolio is growing because Asia has further accelerated. China has further accelerated. TR has been super strong. Online continue to grow at the same strong level that's been growing for some years. In every single online channel, one data point which is interesting, our direct-to-consumer part of online, meaning where we have direct-to-consumer which include our brand dot com and Tmall, has been growing at 40%-plus. So we continue achieving more direct content with the consumers via that. And we have been able, despite this area of softness, to focus also on the area of strengths, adding total to beat our growth forecast. That I think is the key sign that we are trying to explain is the secret is not never having something in the world that doesn't work. With such a big category, something will go wrong somewhere, but now we have the flexibility to move in order to always try our best to deliver the total and progress the total in term of growth, EPS and market share.
Fabrizio Freda: So let's start to the core of your question. China market continued to grow, the beauty market above 20%. So the market is super solid. We grew much more than that and we built significant market share. In the quarter, we built almost 2 full points of market share, so significant market share in the market. And so both the market and our market share gains are working together in that sense. What is driving that? First of all, we are in China for the long term. We have a local organization which is terrific and understand the local relevance of the market. We are able to invest in all the area of growth. In this moment in China, there is a lot of growth that is coming also not only for Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities, which has been true for some time, but Tier 3 sorry and Tier 4 city are accelerating significantly, which is what is reflected in the acceleration of Tmall that you are referring to. Let me explain what the dynamic here. Historically in China, there was no national advertising. We could invest where we had distribution. So if you had stores in Shanghai, you could invest in print in Shanghai. With the advent of social media, social media is national. And because of this, there is the possibility of creating demand nationally even if distribution for the moment is -- our most distributed brand is in totally 121 cities, while in reality, there is social media impact and demand created in over 600 cities. So there are hundreds of cities with million inhabitants with growing middle class that for the moment do not have access to physical distribution. And obviously, the two drivers of their consumption is TR and Tmall and online brand.com site like ours. So obviously, over time, distribution will increase and physical distribution will make more inroads into these cities. But for the time being, online is basically the way in which demand gets satisfied. And with that dynamic is a long-term dynamic and will continue for some time independently from temporary or not softness or economic variations. But this long-term is driven by middle class demographics and by the passion for beauty of the Chinese population, and frankly, for the Asian population as a whole. So this is the trend and I believe that our position is strong and the forecast for the market in the long term remains as strong as possible.
Fabrizio Freda: And I think the other part you referred to China. We said, no, our market point of view is that 5% to 6% growth is a super strong growth that will continue at the high end as explained of the historical range, but we have reflected the softening of the makeup North America market in our global estimate. And then we continue to assume that there could be a softening of the China market in the future, but as I said, we have not seen it yet. I just commented that actually we see an acceleration in this moment, but we believe this is a prudent assumption in the current global economic situation.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And by the way, to go to your point, I've explained all our great strengths, strategic strengths, the flexibility, the agility, the ability to leverage all channel. That's why we believe that even if there was a slowdown, we will continue to build market share and we'll continue to be ahead of the market. That's the strengths we've built. And if there will be no slowdown, we will over-deliver and that's what happened this quarter. And it happened frankly even in case there was one element, that actually was worse than our expectation. There was the makeup color market in the US. So even in presence of one element, that was actually a surprise, we still over-deliver because all the other elements, first of all, the strategic execution that I commented on and second, the overall trend of the market in Asia is now slowdown and our strategy execution is excellent and so we have over-delivered. And that's the situation. In this moment, as you see also, currencies have impacted in a way which were different than our guidance just few months ago. So there're many variables that we are trying to take under account, but the strengths of our model and the ability to navigate good times and bad times, growing market share, doing better than market that I believe is by now really proven.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, interesting question. So as I explained also in my prepared remark, what we define hero products in our portfolio is actually products with high repeat rates and a decent purchase frequency, meaning products that have not only the power to make the consumer loyal, but also they have to bring the consumer to the repurchase return that create traffic in stores for our partners and for ourselves. So these products are very precious in the portfolio and to build product like that, marketing is not enough. You need superior quality and great performance because I know many people, including myself, that is tempted to try new stuff one time to try new things, but I don't know any person that buys these things the second time if this product didn't perform in line with expectation and that's what we mean. We invest into high quality R&D, high quality manufacturing, safety, clinical test, product that really work and not only they work in term of performance and they have the kind of texture and usage experience that made the consumer delighted about what design and that investments that at the end is the essence of our premium pricing strategy. That investment creates repeat purchase. This is still a very big differentiator between on average our portfolio and the portfolio of indie brands. If you look at the numbers, the difference in repeat are still significant because also the difference of repeat are driven by quality, innovation and by the ability to delight the consumer over the long term. So we believe this is a strength which is not being mitigated. In your question, you speak about new threat. Frankly, on that topic, I don't see new threat. Actually, I see new strengths and it is from new strengths for our brands, not for the indie brands. And to prove that, is that this is the first quarter in some time where each one of our big brands is growing globally and the total of them is growing faster than any combination of our indie brands; and so it is really an extraordinary, if you want proof of the point, that repeat purchase is the biggest driver of prestige beauty.
Tracey Travis: I would also add more in that. We did have an unusual anniversarying of a very strong launch period last quarter from a fragrance standpoint last year with Estee Lauder Beautiful Belle and some of our other designer fragrances, and we are comfortable and quite encouraged by our holiday programs for the second quarter.
Tracey Travis: And obviously taking up the year certainly reflects there the performance that we saw in the first quarter.
Tracey Travis: So I'll start and then Fabrizio will continue. So, Olivia, we're seeing strong growth in Asia. We're seeing very strong growth, as we've called out previously in Travel Retail. We're seeing also an acceleration in EMEA as well. So some of the things that give us confidence in terms of gaining market share, it's less about North America at the moment, although we clearly expect to see, as I said in my prepared remarks, modest improvements in North America throughout the course of the year, but from a share standpoint, we really expect to gain share outside of North America in our international markets as well as good growth in online as well.
Tracey Travis: Okay. So let me start with your second question, Wendy. In terms of the gross margin, there are many factors that impact gross margin, obviously. And clearly, skincare is a benefit from a gross margin standpoint. Certain channels are a benefit from a gross margin standpoint as well. As we've called out, we have given where growth is coming from for us, a lot in Asian markets and you're aware of our footprint. We do have more supply chain expenses related to supporting some of the terrific double-digit growth that we've had and certainly that growth being in the Eastern part of the world has increased both inventory levels as well as transit costs. The tariffs, we've also spoken about the fact that we do have and have included some of the higher tariffs that have been called out in our gross margin as well. So we are seeing some shifts upside related to category mix and some geographic mix, offset by some of those other factors related to freight as well as obsolescence and some of the supply chain costs related to tariffs, etcetera. In terms of the balance sheet, our general philosophy as it relates to free cash flow is to return free cash flow to shareholders if in fact, we don't have any acquisitions that we are contemplating. We are always in the market looking for the right strategic acquisitions that will represent white space opportunity for us and incremental sales and profit growth. We also have minority investments that we have a path to purchase as well. So, we definitely consider acquisitions as an important strategic growth opportunity for us, the right acquisitions that again represent a good fit within our portfolio. If we have no acquisitions that are at the right price and represent those white space opportunities, then generally -- and we have this discussion every year with our board, we return 100% of free cash flow to shareholders via dividends and share repurchase activity. And you're aware as well, we have also increased our CapEx this year to reinvest back in the business again to support long-term growth. So I think our capital deployment in terms of the cash, even though you're seeing a little bit extra on the balance sheet is, in the highest return areas in terms of how we strategically allocate it for our purposes as well as for shareholder purposes.
Tracey Travis: Okay, let me start. I'll start with your question on Japan. So as I'm sure you're aware, the Japan market had a VAT increase starting on October 1st. So typically -- and we have this experience from the last time, there was a VAT increase in the market. We do see some acceleration of purchases into the month prior to the increase, which is expected. It typically normalizes out during the course of the year. So the reason I commented on the fact that we're coming off of a 7% growth last year from Japan, we certainly expect Japan for the year will normalize out to the levels of very strong growth that we've seen and we're very pleased with the pickup that we've seen in Japan over the last couple of years, really a testament to the great team that we have in Japan and what they've been doing in the market. As it relates to North America, we did say and I did say in my prepared remarks, we expect gradual improvement. We did talk about the fact that we have seen further deceleration in North America. Fabrizio talked about the color makeup challenges that we, along with others, have spoken about in the market. So depending on your definition of stabilization, we certainly expect to see improvement from the results that we saw in the first quarter. And again, we had some unusual anniversarying items in the first quarter as well, but -- so we expect to see gradual improvement from the first quarter results throughout the balance of the year for North America.
Tracey Travis: So, I think -- this is Tracey and then Fabrizio will respond. In the second half, we're -- I think your numbers are a little soft. If you do the math, it's more in the 6% to 7% range in terms of what we're expecting in the second half of the year with the moderation that we spoke about in -- as it relates to China and Travel Retail. And again, given the global backdrop and the global environment, it has nothing to do with our business. It is really a point of view with respect to what could happen to global markets given the fact that there are global macro slowdowns, even though we haven't in fact seen it in China and haven't seen it affect our Asia business in general, which is quite strong, but it certainly could happen. And so as we plan our business, plan our resources in the second half of the year, clearly if it doesn't happen, then we'll continue to have the kind of results that we had in the first quarter, but we think it's responsible for us to expect what many economists are projecting in terms of a slowdown in the second half of the year.
