Tracey Travis: Okay, Dara, so thank you for the question. In Hainan, as we said in the prepared remarks, we are starting to see during the quarter passenger traffic comeback in Hainan, and that's been very positive. As Fabrizio mentioned in his prepared remarks, we had a group that was in Hainan a few weeks back and saw quite a bit of activity. So, we are very encouraged, and in fact, Hainan actually reflected the positive retail sales in the third quarter. So, this is the first quarter, the Hainan performance for us has been up and down all year. And some of the swings have been quite severe, but we did see a progression to positive retail sales. I think the thing that gives us more comfort now on a more continuous steady progression of recovery is the fact that the COVID restrictions have been lifted. And so, what we were experiencing before with our travel retail business is the volatility related to some of the COVID restrictions and the flow of traffic and travel, and people's comfort with travel. So, that gives us more comfort that we are going to see a recovery. In terms of our experience as it relates to the business and why it has been as significant as it is because when you look back at the beginning of this year, we had very strong momentum coming into the year in travel retail, in Hainan in particular, our July results were up strong double-digit. Then, Hainan went into closure. And that extended for longer than we had anticipated, but given the results we have seen in July and actually in some previous months, we had expected that that recovery would happen faster once the lockdown was lifted, and that didn't happen. And our retailers also expected that recovery. We ended up with more inventory in the trade than what was needed basically for the level of sales that were being done in Hainan. So, our pullback in inventory right now given the pace of recovery that we are seeing, again we encouraged, but the retail inventory needs to come down. And therefore, we are pulling back on our shipments. Korea, we talked about in the last call in terms of what happened in Korea. We basically have a change in the rollback of COVID-19 related supportive measures with Korean duty free operators, and that too was pretty sudden in the third quarter. The expectation is that we will see travelers come back to Korea and come back to duty-free shopping in Korea, but that has not happened yet. Korea benefits from having a lot of organized tour business from Chinese traveling consumers, and that has been slower to come back. So, that certainly is pressuring our fourth quarter as well. And again, it has been difficult to predict the timing of all of this recovery, but we do know the recovery is happening. So, we don't believe there is an issue at all with prestige beauty. When we are look at the recovery we are seeing in the Americas, in other Asia-Pac region, in EMEA, we see very strong recovery of prestige beauty, and actually you are seeing an acceleration of fragrance, makeup, and skincare. So, it really is based on what we are seeing in other regions given they are further along in the recovery relative to some of the regions that you asked about.
Tracey Travis: So, as Fabrizio said, we have made some structural changes to the business that going forward should allow us to manage volatility. Hopefully we will see the level of volatility that we have seen certainly over the past year, but we will have more agility in our operations. To your question on the fourth quarter and what's in our implied guidance, as it relates to travel retail, coming off of the trends that we are seeing in March, the progress of trends that we're seeing through the third quarter, we are expecting that our retail sales and travel retail will be up double-digits, and our net sales are down double-digits, more than our retails are up. So, again, this is another quarter of trying to -- we have little down the inventory that's in the trade, hence the impact that you see in the fourth quarter, and as Fabrizio said, much of that being our very strong skincare business. So, we do expect, as I said in my prepared remarks that some of this will bleed into the first quarter, and perhaps a little bit into the second quarter, but get progressively better. And so, we get to the inventory levels that both we and our customers want in the trade. We are working with and partnering with our customers on their programs, also now that traffic increase back in airports, we are investing in advertising in airports, we are employing some of the sales staffs that was not there when the airports were empty, and we are working with our brands on great programs and promotions for customers as they return to airports. So, our travel retail team has been quite busy working with our retailers to recapture the growth that we are now seeing, in particular, in Hainan and hopefully soon in Korea as well.
Tracey Travis: So, thank you for the question. I said in the prepared remarks, we expect off of this year, which obviously has been a big setback year for the reasons that we've spoken about, out highest margin category and a very high margin channel being pressured. We do expect a progressive recovery in margin, but that does mean not back to 19% in fiscal '24. And so, we are taking cost actions as we always do. We certainly have cost control measures in place as it relates to areas like headcount, consulting expenses, other expenses as well. And we are in the process now finalizing our budgets for fiscal '24, and certainly will have better information for you in terms of what that margin progression looks like for fiscal '24 in our August call. But it certainly will be more than 50 basis points of margin expansion off of its level, but certainly not to the 19% level.
Tracey Travis: Yes. I mean in the prepared remarks, Oliver, we talked about areas that we are gaining share, and so, I think we are seeing strong momentum in some of the recovery markets that are gaining share, inclusive of China, and China is a real indicator for what we can expect when some of the areas that have been suppressed this year, like travel retail Hainan and in Korea when Chinese traveling consumers returned to Korea. So, I think those things are quite positive. We have strong innovation programs as well to support our growth for certainly next year as well. And the fact again, the biggest volatility that we've seen this year has been in some of the COVID restrictions in certain markets that had been lifted. And so, now it's a matter of the timing in case of that recovery. We see a little bit better, but I'm a bit cautious obviously given what we have experienced this year, but recognizing that trigger is one that really has created as much volatility for the reasons that we have already spoken about. We are feeling a bit better. There will be still volatility certainly in the fourth quarter, and there will be volatility next year, but we have always been a company that's been relatively good at managing volatility, this year, given the severity of it, and the severity in the channel of operation that it happened has caused us to have these results, but rest assured, myself, Fabrizio and the entire management team are diligently working on recovering our profitability, and certainly recovering growth, and our brands continue to be very strong with consumers.
Tracey Travis: So, Lauren, let me take that last one. Yes, we do expect that our sales will be down again in the first quarter, and pick up in the second quarter. And so, that's the cadence that we are seeing right now. Again, it much depends on retail sales, and again, as we said, we are encouraged by how retails sales have picked up in Hainan, not as much in Korea at the moment, but we remain encouraged that will happen as well. So, the pace of retail, which has been slower, again than we expected this year, will determine how quickly we resume shipments. We do have some very exacting new products that we do hope that we can actually ship them in the first and second quarter, but again, with the activities that we have going on with our travel retail partners I believe that we will see a continued acceleration of retail like we started to see in this quarter.
Fabrizio Freda: And Dara, I just want to add -- so, as Tracey explained, in theory it's really an issue of inventory versus stage of recovery. Another proof of that is our retail in travel retails is so much stronger than our net. So, we had a minus 45% in quarter three versus a single-digit decline in retail. So, there is a lot of inventory absorption which is going on with the recovery. And, a lot of the speed of this absorption will depend on the speed of the recovery that we have in front in us. We are estimating that given the trend in this period in the quarter four, retail will go positive. And then, the absorption will continue to improve over time. And eventually continue in quarter 1 of next fiscal year. Other encouraging point, I want to touch briefly the China that you asked also about. So, in China we returned to organic growth which is excellent news. And we expect the double-digit growth in quarter four in China Mainland. We accelerate the market share gains for the second quarter in a row, and I want to underline that when the problem with the volatility in China started in the period where Shanghai was closed, and we were particularly affected by the closure of Shanghai. At the moment, during these three months of closure, we lost significant market share. Now, the good news, we now essentially made that for the lost market share from the lockdown. We are back in line with the total market share that we expect in quarter four, because also of the low base to get into a positive market share growth versus also the pre-lockdown period, which is a store gain, we said, that would have tried to recover these in one year, and we will do that and better than that. The other important thing to underline that linked to this TR issue that is the skincare issue, because there is a high percentage of skincare, which is a very profitable category for us. And I want to also underline that skincare is growing, the asking rate is growing globally by 6% percent. So, we are growing skincare. We are growing skincare in China Mainland. Our retail is growing ahead of the market that we are building market share in quarter three, and we expect to do even more in quarter four. And Estée Lauder and La Mer is driving this growth, with La Mer growing double-digit retail in the quarter in China, and Lauder single-digit. So, the last part of your question is our different situation versus peers, I would say that if you look at business overall, the answer of the difference is in the level of stocks, in the TR and the volatility, and the fact that we are bigger in the historical to the strong accretive channel that in a moment of crisis obviously resulted into a big negative.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay, let me start. Thank you for the question. Our point of view is that, as you said, this is kind of over reset, but then after this reset, travel retail will remain a large very important channel, because it's an important channel also for consumer acquisition, and it's a growing channel. And so, to grow global market share, to be strong in channel retail with remaining is important, also in the case of Asia travel retail and China travel retail is very important for coverage, because in many emerging markets for China the coverage of more cities is possible via online and via the people travel, because the brick-and-mortars are not there, are owning a part of the city, which is the reason of high productivity in China. So, travel retail is also a great opportunity for discovering product for the physical experience for interacting with our product. And these are very luxury channel, meaning the experience of luxuries they have. So, the issue with travel retail has been really during the pandemic the volatility of travel and the interest and the possibility of travel so much impacted the regulation change. The pandemic up and downs et cetera obviously in a moment of the pandemic moment travel retail has been more difficult to predict, and has been more volatile to anticipate. But in terms of the positives of the channel in the long-term for brand building, for trial building, for being in accretive and positive profitable channel in the long-term remains in tact. And so, we believe that out of the pandemic this will be an important channel. Now, will this be more balanced growth? Absolutely. We have a plan and an interest in balancing our growth and balancing the proportion between all of our business segments, and we will continue to do that.  The other thing I want to underline that the high inventories, Tracey explained, what was the sequence of events, and the reason why our retailers went for higher inventories, at the beginning of the fiscal year and then we encountered this lower recovery than anticipated, and remember the important thing is lower recovery, also the retailers want less talk. And so, the replenishment gets affected as Tracey explained. So, this situation is also impacted by our relatively long supply chain, where you need to order and then after that you receive it, the relatively long supply chain has an impact on the fact that the retailers when they decided their stock for us, which is not true for every one of our peers, they need to make a bet several months before when they receive the products. And that issue obviously enabled the worst volatility we have ever experienced, for our retailers and for us to estimate with such anticipation. So, we are acting on this. All the investment we have done, which in part are visible in our short-term profitability pressure, like the manufacturing that we call Sakura in Japan, that the new distribution center in Mainland China and in the near future in Hainan, all designed this investment to shorten delivery time. Now the shortening of delivery time will also reduce the risk of being wrong in the choices in volatile moments. And so, I assume a certain amount of volatility will continue even after the pandemic we have done investment to reduce our risk into our ability to manage better in a volatile period. The other thing is let's not under-evaluate the investment in retail guidance that will reduce -- that will increase the speed of innovation, reduce the timelines of innovation, as well, and we'll add another impact of better ability to make -- reduce the volatility, because faster activity, in other words, with agility, and agility is one of the things that will make our future ability to forecast in the correct way. So, in summary, we count on continue having a strong business in the future. The reset that our retailers and the market are doing for us, but after that we will continue to grow in a more balanced way, and with better agility to make the right forecast.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, and just to add, Tracey explained everything, but I want to tell you that our retail globally is strong, and in our key markets we're also growing market share. I already said it, but I want to repeat it, the market share growth in China Mainland is really encouraging, because we already made that all work was lost in the Shanghai closure period. The market share growth in EMEA is very strong, and market share growth in many emerging markets and emerging markets in total is very strong. I said it before; our emerging markets are growing 17%. The market is growing about less than 17%, in some of emerging markets, in North America we are growing again, although not in the U.S. market share, but we are growing market shares in Latin America and many other places. So, our demand is very strong. And the other thing that I mentioned already the several brands, which are doing well, is very encouraging, but I believe in this quarter the key attention is on skincare. And on skincare, we have La Mer growing, Estée Lauder doing well also in China. We have double-digits skincare growth in Europe and Latin America. We have single-digit skincare growth in U.S. but again, back to growth. We have an exciting innovation plan as Tracey said, but let me give you a few examples; we just launched Clinique, we also surged one of our SPC, so new sample protection, and The Original and multi-peptide eye serum, we had launched The Original in India and Middle East with extraordinary results, M·A·C had a real, meaning the skincare market, the skincare Bobbi Brown are very strong. So, all the skincare makeup brands is a new trends where we are leveraging very well with good success, and importantly, we had our hero upgrades in the high luxury area. So, La Mer Supreme, ReNutriv Ultimate Diamond, which are going out that are very important for the Asia trends, where luxury skincare is growing more than skincare in general on average. So, a lot of signs of strength in the fundamentals of consumption of demand of desirability of our brands are very evident. We're going through an inventory issue, and with the profit pressure created by this tight inventory issue, and we are going through focus on sellout, retail acceleration, and profit building as the next steps.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And Lauren to answer the first part of your question, we sell to our authorized retail customer. We do not sell directly to their goods. However, as you alluded to, during COVID, there has been some temporary government policies, for example, in Korea, were put in place to support the travel businesses, and the travel retailers in this very tough moment, where we they reached to go bankrupt, because everything was paused. So, now that -- and you're right there is not complete visibility on that part, there was no complete visibility on that part, what they were doing in that moment when the policies were allowed. Now these policies are changing. There is an interest of the industry in general in our retailers, which is the most important factors in this, there is an interest in going back to regular travel, as regular travels go, because this is a more profitable, and more interesting business for them as well. So, now that airport traffics is gradually recovering, we expect a rebalancing of the total market, and because of this, we expect an increased visibility on all of these areas, and we are also putting extra focus as Tracey explained before, on retail sell-out on to regular travels. With new investment we are rebuilding the people, the staff in the airports, we are rebuilding the advertising there, for what Tracey already established, that with our interest is to support our retailers in this transition, and we are really pushing building this transition at the maximum speed. And so, there's been during COVID less visibility. There will be more visibility in the future, and more control.
