Tracey Travis: Thanks, Bryan. When you think about the fourth quarter and what I said in my prepared remarks, I talked about some shifts that are occurring in the fourth quarter. So we did shift some advertising expense out of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter and that was to support some of the timing of the activity that we had in the fourth quarter both innovation as well as some of the holidays in the fourth quarter. I also talked about the fact that Travel Retail – Asia Travel Retail, we resumed shipments earlier than what we had expected in the third quarter. So there are – it's hard to look at Q3, Q4, you really need to look at the second half together because of some of those shifts. What's impacting our fourth quarter performance is – and the change in our guidance is softer growth of prestige beauty in Mainland China. The continued macro uncertainty that retailers are cautious in many markets have. We also have higher currency than what we had expected. So that is pressuring our EPS a bit as well. But when you look at the second half compared to prior guidance, what you will see is some of the expense savings that we realized and that I again talked about in my prepared remarks, we are actually flowing through. So we are offsetting some of the currency downside that we had and we're also offsetting some of the sales softness that is embedded in our updated guidance range.
Tracey Travis: Yes, well, you outlined a few of the reasons that we would make a decision to shift some of the spending. So, one of the things that we saw early in the quarter towards the middle of the quarter is that some of the holidays particularly in China were not performing as we had anticipated. I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks holidays that are important for us Chinese New Year and Valentine's Day. We're closer this year, actually overlapped a bit than in prior years. Valentine's Day is actually a pretty strong gifting moment for us in China. Our team does a fantastic job of supporting Valentine's Day -- both Chinese New Year and Valentine's Day are less promotional holidays than some of the other holidays. But we didn't see the lift that we would normally see out of those holidays and trending into other holidays in the quarter we made the decision or the China team made the decision that it was best to shift some of that advertising to the fourth quarter and support some of the holidays that are upcoming in May and then obviously the big 618 holiday in June. So one of the things that we've talked about for a long time is the agility that we have created particularly in our advertising spend that allows us to take some of those decisions so that we can better match our advertising spend and when we think consumers will be reacting and responding whether it's to our gifting programs or our innovation programs. So that is what you saw in Lauren in the Q3 Q4 shift.
Tracey Travis: Great. No, thank you for the question. So, yes, let me take the opportunity to talk as you asked about the profit recovery plan. We're always focused on profitable growth, let me start there. The actions that we're taking both within the profit recovery plan as well as outside of the profit recovery plan are focused on profitable growth. The profit recovery plan is an accelerator of our growth and in particular an accelerator of our margins. And let me just try to simplify it a bit. I know we've said that we will share which we will more with you in August once our plans are complete and we provide guidance for the next year, but the profit recovery plan is first and foremost focused on restoration of our gross margin. Now we're mindful of shifts in category mix and channel mix relative to history. Obviously, we had growth in fragrance in our artisanal and luxury fragrance portfolio and that's very important. We're also focused on restoration of our makeup growth. But certainly as you saw in this past quarter, we are also experiencing the acceleration of our very important skin care category, and we expect that that will continue. The biggest drain on our margin has been our gross margin. And it's in the aftermath of the pandemic. It has been the biggest focus of our recovery, and we are focused on price realization. Part of that will be driven by the actions that we are taking in terms of inventory management to control discounts in excess and obsolescence. You saw a bit of the results of that in Q3. And you will see certainly more of that in fiscal 2025. So that is a very big focus of our profit recovery plan, the focus on restoration of our gross margins. We're also focused on supply chain efficiencies that will help our gross margins and accretive innovation. And we talked about some of the processes in Fabrizio's prepared remarks that we are deploying and strengthening in order to be able to do that. The second area of focus is greater leverage of our expense base. We have efforts in indirect procurement in terms of accelerating some of the savings there. And we have -- are taking some difficult decisions as it relates to rightsizing and streamlining parts of our organization and that's the restructuring program that we spoke to you about before. That is really the combination of that should drive the $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion of incremental operating profit over two years. And again, we said that slightly more of that will happen in fiscal '25 then in '26. And again, in terms of the mix of where that recovery is expected more in gross profit margin, but also in our operating expenses. But I want to take the opportunity to talk about a couple of other benefits as it relates to the profit recovery plan. So in addition to the margin recovery, the program is expected to fund additional investment to your point for growth namely in consumer activation, more consumer activation for our brand. So the expectation is, we are going to save more than the $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion that we are committing to in terms of operating profit improvement in order to also increase some of our advertising spend retarget and selectively against the momentum that we see in our business. And last, but not least, we expect to streamline and reduce some of the complexity in the organization that is built up over time in our processes and that's expected to increase our speed, agility and effectiveness in our markets. And I know our organization in particular very much looks forward to this benefit. So, it's a powerful program. I'm glad you asked about it. When we deliver on all elements of it and we will share more in terms of helping with the modeling of it in August.
Tracey Travis: Okay, Steve. So I'll take the first part of that question on the inventory in Asia Travel Retail and Fabrizio will take the Amazon Clinique follow-up question. Regarding the inventory in trade in Asia Travel Retail, we did reach the objectives that we had in the third quarter actually before April. And so the reason that we ended up shifting a bit more from -- or doing a bit more from a replenishment standpoint in the third quarter is because we actually reached those levels a bit earlier than what we had anticipated. We anticipate reaching them by April, which is the beginning of the fourth quarter obviously, and we reached them within the third quarter. So that is the reason why some of the shipments were a bit higher in the third quarter and we will expect the retail sell-through in the fourth quarter. And so – and as Fabrizio mentioned, we are expecting as well an acceleration of retail in the fourth quarter. Just remember for the cadence of what we're anniversarying we actually had some disruption even in the fourth quarter as it related to Hainan last year. So we are going to see a bit of a disconnect between retail and net for a couple of quarters because of the significance of the interruptions that we had both at the beginning of the third quarter last year and the end of the fourth quarter last year, as well. And so we would expect that net will as we replenish relative to the comparison year-over-year to last year then that would be ahead of retail but we will be maintaining the inventory levels in the range that we and our retailers have agreed to.
Tracey Travis: So, I'll take your last part of the question first. We'll give more guidance on the calendarization of the profit recovery plan in August. We're still -- we're well into the finalization of some of those plans and making taking some decisions within the next couple of months. So, we'll be able to provide you with much better guidance on calendarization in the August time frame.
Fabrizio Freda: So, global trade retail return to growth also driven by frankly growth and retail growth across all the regions. So, the first important point is retail sales growth. And this was very, very strong in EMEA Americas in many parts of APAC and was single-digit in the China TR part. But this is a very important progress versus the past. And this is for Estée companies brands is great news also for the future. The second thing that we are seeing is a very robust traffic recovery across the travel retail channel which is driving the sales to travelers there is work to be done still on conversion which is the areas of improvement that we are still working on, but we had a lot of work and progress in this by activations and retail division activating particularly in Hainan with a lot of activity and this activation are working. And so we see progress also in this area. And then as it was part of your question, because of all these elements strong improvement in the inventories in our retailers and so reaching the targets in several retailers and in several SKUs ahead of our original communicated target. So, at the end, this created a very good growth which is based on retail growth and sell into replenishment because of the decreased inventory levels versus the past. This combination is very solid. We expect this to continue and to progress in line with our goals.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, sure. On the -- in this moment, the slowdown, the softness is the overall prestige market. And that's what is softer than what we originally expected and that's what is stuck in Mainland China. What I want to clarify is that, we need to look at the -- we do look at the Chinese consumers in total and not only the segmentation the market does. So there is a Mainland China's consumers, there is Hong Kong SR. There is the TR China which includes Hainan for example in other parts and there are the international traveling people, which for tourism or business travel from China to Tokyo, Paris et cetera. So, we see actually progress in the total Chinese consumer consumption on our brands and they are very solid. And when you took Mainland plus the progress in Hong Kong SIL plus the TR China retail progress that I was speaking about in the previous question, plus the success we see of our brands internationally the Chinese travelers now are growing more for example in Japan, for example in Paris. And so when you put all these numbers and frankly, they are all solid numbers, except the international travelers in other cities, which is an estimate in our model, but we see clear progress and there is progress between quarter two and quarter three despite the softness in Mainland, and there is actually their turn positive, very interestingly positive in quarter four estimates for the future. So, the trends are also depend by channel. And the drivers, first of all, at different consumers, the consumers that travel both for vacation and internationally tend to have been the high end. In this moment, the softness is more in the middle in the consumer sentiment of the middle class. We tend to be shopping more in Mainland and these channels follow different trends and different -- depending on the moment, depending on the situation, but the equities of the brands are strong, as seen by the overall progress, particularly certain brands which are doing -- growing in the total already as we speak and continue to accelerate in our portfolio. And the future of the -- this is positive. There is a sense of recovery in the overall consumption, although via channel, there are different percentages, different evolution, and this can be different also by quarter, by semester, depending on the various trends that happen. So we look internally to the Chinese consumer as a whole and not only to the various parts. Then your question was what have been the key drivers behind this. Now, one of the key drivers, obviously is the skin care trend, and the fact that in the post-COVID, the consumers have been having -- are having a period where they're focusing more on experiences -- on overall experiences a consumption spending in their portfolio on overall experience like travel like other categories or like restaurants or like things like that. So this will evolve, is evolving in every single market after COVID and become more balanced over time. That's our experience, and that's visible already. So that's one of the drivers. It's the consumer priority by category and experiences versus goods. The second thing is the -- we are accelerating innovation in a big way. We have invested in a R&D center in China. We see the results of this innovation, but with the first innovation coming from the R&D center will be in quarter four, and we will see the impact of it, which is very dedicated to specific Chinese consumers, so part of the drivers has been the amount of innovation and the quality of innovation that can be deployed for quality, I mean, also local relevancy of the innovation and this is an improving trend. It is already enforcement trend, which gives very, very solid indications for the future. So the other driver has been promotionality. The market has been during COVID promotional, but in this moment, all the activities that the governments have decided to do on the structured market is reducing the level of structure market also the price increases that many of the retailers are taking also in travel retail are in the short-term are impacting the consumption ,particularly the middle class level in Mainland. But on the contrary in the long-term will further balance the proportion between a structure and structured market, which is obviously in line with our goals and is the objective. So it's a positive long-term trend, which is happening. But the market will remain promotional. And so that's why we have the activation of promotionality particularly in the area of sampling, gifting to the points that Tracey was making before is on an increase and the level of discounts is on a decreased trend and that's the change in the proportionality model. But all-in-all, I just want to make sure that we understand that despite the short-term softness of the market in Mainland China, the overall trend of Chinese consumers is positive and this trend is expected to accelerate in the future.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And on Clinique-Amazon I want to say, one of the important progress we are making on Clinique is the initiative of building on Clinique heritage in active derma and relaunch the brands in North America and UK in this moment and globally soon on this overall platform. The Amazon introduction in the US is also right for Clinique in the context of this big launch because a lot of new consumers that are very high consumers of active derma are also in this chart. Amazon provides expanded consumer reach a lot of new consumers we expect to recruit, to engage and to educate new consumer by this new channel. Amazon in this moment is a fast-growing online platform in the US and the premium Beauty store has been clearly a contributor to the overall market growth and particularly has been an important brand discovery for some consumers and also consumers are new consumers to Clinique. And so the early results are very promising. And the first period has been extraordinarily positive frankly and we have expectation that this will continue and will accelerate over time. So part of your question why was the right moment now, I think because now the model of Amazon has evolved in a situation where there is a better fit between the Clinique brands and the Amazon model and the opportunity to communicate the heritage, the equity, the education and the various ideas behind the science of active derma of Clinique is now there. And so we believe the brand can express its fundamentals correctly on the platform and the work that the Clinique team has done in providing amazing asset quality of execution to achieve a very good quality expression of the brand on the platform also reassured us that is the right moment and is a very good fit. And as I said initial results are confirming that.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. On the U.S. -- no, I think -- actually U.S. in quarter three has been growing low single -- sorry North America in quarter three is growing low single-digit. And if you exclude the M·A·C loyalty program actually it's getting closer to mid-single-digits. So, is -- there is growth in North America in quarter three. Said this, there is softness in consumer sentiment in this moment and the market growth is moderating in North America. So, obviously, there is pressure in -- particularly in certain channels. There is pressure but the quarter three was in the right direction and it was in line with our goals. And for us the positive is that we had for example a positive impact on Clinique on the part of March. And in this part of March, already we saw the impact of that -- positive impact of that. If we -- you can assume that we will have in the full quarter four, the impact of Clinique on Amazon, this for example, will be a positive element in the mix. We assure that.
