Fabrizio Freda: Yes. In NPD, first of all, Bill, one clarification. NPD North America covers about 60% of our business. There is all the freestanding stores, the online, some specialty there, outside of this or this. Anyway, in NPD, there are some specific reason why that's happening. We say, we call it, heritage brands. And Lauder and Clinique where the initiatives that we supported have been very successful. But the base business, especially in July, August, was softer than we expected. And this was because the environment, first of all, there was low traffic in store, lower traffic in store than what we expected. As I said, improved dramatically in September. And second reason was that the environment was very promotional and our brands where, any moment, where their focus was on the innovation. So that was, clearly, not a competitive level of promotions during this period. Now we believe that our promotion, our competitiveness, during the holiday season will be dramatically improved. Our programs are much stronger, in this sense, however, we do not plan to increase promotions for the long term.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, sure. I think we will grow our fragrances substantially in this year and the next few years. Our fragrance portfolio is, first of all, very strong and they're very high-end, meaning Jo Malone, Tom Ford, these fragrances are, first of all, is profitable business and is growing very fast, more than double-digit or more and is growing globally. For the moment, very strong in Europe and North America and with a lot of future potential also in Asia. The second group of our fragrances are the fragrances which are part of our cosmetic brands, namely Clinique and Lauder fragrances. In this portfolio, this year our most important launch in this part of the portfolio, our more important launch is Modern Muse of Estée Lauder. We believe this is a very strong fragrance. Our test and our early acceptance in the market is outstanding, has been going #1 in Harrods and is already #10 in the U.S. after a few weeks of launch and continue progressing and climbing the ranking as I said. And we have also a pretty solid promotion level in fragrance, as I said, during the holiday season, including the Clinique brand. And then the third group of -- in our portfolio, the designer fragrance, like Michael Kors, Tory Burch, DKNY, et cetera. And this portfolio particularly includes 2 very strong and important new launches, 3 actually. One is Michael Kors, that I said has been very successful in the launch in the United States and this is why we will expand in Europe soon. Tory Burch, for the moment, is exclusive to Bloomingdale in the U.S. and is the #1 fragrance there. And Zegna, which is being a global brand, launched from the beginning where the super-high aesthetician are actually in Asia because of the high position of the Zegna brand, particularly in China. And we believe that these combinations of activity will drive our growth in fragrance. We will go back growing market share in fragrances. We will improve our retail -- travel retail business in fragrances, which was one of the key goals, which is very profitable. And each one of these new fragrances that will be launched will carry high profitability versus our historical fragrance profitable model.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. I'll take the first one, which is, yes, you understood correctly. We believe that our trend in October, December in department stores in term of market share will improve, and will improve, first of all, because our innovation and the investment behind our innovation that we did in July, September will have an impact and our innovative product will continue growing. And second, because we will invest behind the fragrance launches, which will hit the holiday season. And third, because our promotional competitiveness will be stronger. I also want to remind that 60% of the fragrance sales in the United States happen during the holiday season. That's why we are focusing our fragrance investment and promotions in that period this year, and we have expectation to make. In term of the -- what will drive profit margin, I'll let Tracey comment on that.
Fabrizio Freda: So speaking about travel retail. Our retail in travel retail was 13% growth, and our net sales were 9% and this was also driven by time of launch of many initiatives like Advanced Night Repair and DDML. So our travel retail business is actually growing double-digit. And in fact, we forecast, we guide to continue driving double-digit in the next quarters and is very strong in this moment, as I said in my initial comment, particularly in Asia. On North America, I didn't completely understand the question.
Fabrizio Freda: The first thing I would like all of you to notice that anyway, we are delivering 2/3 of our profit in the first 6 months. So in the second 6 months, we have an equal amount of sales and, historically, 1/3 of our profit. So clearly, as Tracey commented on, we have the flexibility in the second quarter to invest and support our business and to deliver the profit growth that we want to deliver. And the way the quarters have been historically built, been very, very heavy in the first 6 months and lighter in term of profit in the second 6 months. This is also dependent by calendarization and by many other aspects. So we are calendarizing our initiative and our investments, I believe, in a more appropriate way this fiscal year. But most importantly, we are calendarized based on the consumer needs and the kind of innovation we have rather than just working on last year or previous years' comparisons. So all in all, we are confident in the overall fiscal year. We are confident that we can accelerate margin in the second 6 months of the year.
Fabrizio Freda: So on profitability of fragrances. As I said, fragrances improved profitability in the last 5 years within the organization and within our company, and that was that one. Second, our new fragrance launches will have ongoing better profitability. Third, our portfolio is within fragrances as a mix, which is toward higher profitability fragrances like our high-end, like Jo Malone, which I already mentioned. And third, the growth on fragrances will allow us to leverage productivity and all the rest across the organization, across the entire Estée Lauder Companies, and this will be a positive factor. So that's why we believe that the growth of fragrance would be anyway creating value for us in the future. Said this, fragrance will remain a lower margin than skin care and makeup in our portfolio. You'll need to have one category which is less margin than the others anyway in any portfolio, and that's the reality of what we have. On your second question, which is the question on sourcing for mass, I would like to say, that's been our strategy now for 4 years, and this is probably the key idea behind our success in the last 4 years in term of accelerating growth is being that on top of competing for market share we deem prestige. We put ourselves as category builder, as the only company in cosmetic completely -- or big company in cosmetic completely focused on prestige and without any other mass business. And so, as great partners for our retailers, they want to build a category in prestige around the world. And with this strategy, we have been working in sourcing from mass in skin care and makeup. And as you have seen in the United States, we succeeded. And even in this last quarter, the prestige market in the United States, although softer than last year because as you've seen below 3.2% versus 7% last year, has been growing faster, decisively faster than mass. Now, we believe that this could happen also in fragrances in the future and this could be a trend that we will see also in the fragrance business. Although for the moment, in the fragrance business, this trend is being less remarkable that has been in skin care and in makeup.
Fabrizio Freda: So in travel retail, we are definitely building market share and we are building strongly the market share. The market share build is very strong in Asia, a little bit in Europe and we are now building in this moment market share in the U.S. part of travel retail. That's the split. And we are actually accelerating the market share buildup in the Asia part of the business.
Fabrizio Freda: So we have -- as I said, we have a group promotional activity in the holiday season, which is not only gift repurchases, it's also relative to all the fragrance activity that happen there. And we believe we have a competitive gift repurchase program in the period of October, December. However, in the quarter where we just closed, the July, September, as I said, we were actually declining if we purchased versus the past. We were continuing our program, and that's one of the reason I was saying we were not competitively promotional in that quarter. In term of our program, we plan to improve our gift repurchase quality and activities in the future to make sure they work better and better with the consumers. And we are working with it. We have seen this and already in September, we have seen, for example, a very, very strong gift repurchase activity on the Estée Lauder brand, it was particularly successful.
Fabrizio Freda: So on Russia -- Russia as, I said, is stabilizing and is stabilizing because we read some parts of the retail was going well. Anyway, we have stabilized the relationship with the retailers that was not going well and because we have started an aggressive distribution change in Russia with more freestanding stores of the brand that carry freestanding stores and good online business. So it's a mix of stabilization and diversification of our distribution that is giving to us more confidence about us being able to go back in the future years to grow our business in Russia. In term of hair care, we are having a very successful moment in hair care. Aveda has a huge momentum. Aveda is growing momentum with salons, which remains the critical and key channel for Aveda in the United States and in other countries of the globe. And Invati is driving the success in Aveda freestanding store, and importantly in Aveda salons. And we -- yes, you're right, you're seeing advertising on Aveda on Invati, which is basically our activity to drive and support the best innovation and build on strengths and drive initiative where we see that is an enormous consumer traction and consumer reaction. And also, we continue Aveda expansion around the world and most important in the travel retail channel where particularly in Asia, we are seeing great traction for the brands, which has a very positive impact also on profitability.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So we typically obviously don't guide by product category. So we do expect from a total portfolio standpoint to have the margin expansion. I would comment, though, on fragrances and remind you that we have a number of new fragrance launches this year, so it is a heavy, heavy investment year for fragrance. In light of those launches, which will continue to build not only in terms of the doors that we've launched them in, but we're also phasing the rollout of some of these fragrances so they will continue to build distribution as well.
Tracey Thomas Travis: It was the difference between our net sales and then the NPD growth, which obviously NPD does not measure all of our sales channels. But on the other thing that I would remind you of is a small amount, but in order to support some of the skin care fragrance launches that we had at the beginning of the quarter, we did ship in product at the end of June in order to support the July launches.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the only thing that I would add to that is even though certainly we have some soft environments that we are managing in, EMEA and certainly North America, the fact that many of our very strong large innovation launches happened at the beginning of the year, we expect that those products will continue to build momentum throughout the year, which certainly should help the second half of the year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Regarding currency, as we have taken up the midpoint of our range, a small portion of that certainly is related to the improved outlook in currency. As I had mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did initially expect that currency would impact us by about 2% from a top line standpoint. We now expect that it would impact us negatively 1% to 2%. The euro is doing slightly better. Others are doing slightly worse, and we certainly saw that in the first quarter from a netting standpoint. So from a full year standpoint, there could be a $0.07 differential in EPS. But our decision to take up our guidance is somewhat related to currency, but the other is to be in the first quarter related to performance as well. In terms of dividends, you asked about that and our increase in the dividend. We look at, along with the board every year, distribution to shareholders, and the mix of distribution to shareholders between dividends and share repurchases. And what we were comfortable with, given our plans this year, is very similar to prior years in that the free cash flow that we deliver this year is almost 100% delivered to shareholders and in the mix of share repurchases and dividends. So through discussions and analysis and prudent planning with the board, this is the mix of distribution that we've decided is appropriate for us as a company this year. But it is a heavy focus of us -- of ours in terms of distributing back to shareholders what excess cash. We still, obviously, have a pretty very strong balance sheet, both from a debt capacity standpoint and from a cash standpoint. So we believe that any acquisitions that we might be considering, we can certainly fund with our balance sheet.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And in terms of the inventory days, you may recall that we did carry higher levels of inventory post the group 3 go live for SMI, as we had some stock issues that we were working through. So we ended the year higher. I would say that we were not expecting quite as high a level in the first quarter as we had. But the inventory is current, and so it is certainly salable throughout the second and the third quarters, as I mentioned. We never were relaunching new products or launching new products, in the case of our fragrances. We want to make sure, depending on what the sell-through is, that we have enough inventory. So that will provide some level of variability to our inventory levels when we have big launches like what we had in the quarter. But we have, to your point, shipped some holiday and are certainly shipping more as we speak.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So our advertising is -- for the second quarter is deleveraging about 40 basis points as a percent of sales. So that's the increase in the spend in the second quarter, the advertising promotion and marketing. And in terms of our stock-in-trade, it really varies around the world. But in general, I don't think we have a situation where we have lots of -- an abnormal amount of stock in any area of trade.
