Tracey Thomas Travis: Sure Lauren. So again, now that we are in the hyper care stage as it relates to SMI and certainly starting to deploy some of the insight that we’re getting from SMI to aggressively reduce the inventory levels that we have. There are quite new initiatives going on this year that should meaningfully impact our inventory levels towards the back half of the year and certainly in the next few years. So I think we have spoken about at least a 20 to 30 day improvement in inventories over the next few years that we could see clear visibility to. That as it relates to at least our structure currently, most of the free cash flow that we generate is returned to shareholders via dividend and share repurchase activities. So certainly as we free up cash from working capital as we demonstrated this year, with some of the areas of working capital improvements that we had, we fully expect to redistribute that back to shareholders assuming that we don’t have other uses for that cash which -- in the acquisition area. So I think certainly we expect over the next few years that our free cash flow generation will increase as our working capital improves. 
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. so, on the SMI orders what we do is work with our retailers to look at the first few weeks after go live of what the expected sales that they have will be on the expected shipments that we would normally have to support those sales. And those are the sales that we pull forward. So it's skew by skew, its week by week in terms of how we plan with our retailers. Obviously this pull forward was greater than all of the others that we’ve had A, because the markets that were involved were larger, and the time frame of the year is larger. So July is a big time period for us as well as certainly for our retailers in terms of receiving shipments. It’s all the timeframe that we have big launches as you heard from retail, as it relate to Clinique and some of our other brands. But it is the first few weeks of the July time period that we worked with our retailers to plan.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So in terms of the quarter and again, some of it has to do with what we’re anniversarying. So, we had major launch activity last year and we have solid launch activity this year as well. There are some margin differences, gross profit margin differences between the launch activity we had last year and the launch activity we had this year. So, that is suppressing some of the margin expansion that you would normally expect to see I think in the first quarter. Clearly it’s even down over the course of, over the year and it’s really first quarter phenomena for us from a gross profit standpoint. In addition to that, I talked about some of the investments that we have in the first quarter. We do have SMI hyper care going on. So that is an investment this quarter that we didn’t have last year. We had SMI going on but much of that activity was, some of that activity was capitalized and some of that activity was expensed. It’s all expensed this quarter as we are in hyper care other than obviously the system itself. We do have some consulting expenses for some projects that we have going on this year that are impacting us in the first quarter as well. So, all of those things are impacting us in Q1, which is why we -- and Fabrizio made the comment quarter-to-quarter really the focus should be on the full year as I think we demonstrated quite solidly last year. As it relates to inventory, you are right on the both the counts, so what I said we have near-term visibility to 20 to 30 days and the team, as the actions in place to drive to that and then we have visibility over time and plans over time to achieve greater than that. So, you’re right on both counts.
Tracey Thomas Travis: In terms of the 40 basis points, the hyper care just affects the Q1 year-over-year comparison. The SMI net is a benefit this year and we have many other costs savings activities that benefits this year. Some of the investments that we have spoken about as it relates to increasing R&D innovation and other investments to support capabilities for future growth are impacting this year. But we feel very confident that if the sales growth materializes this year then we will very much deliver double-digit profit growth.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So clearly as we have spoken previously M&A is a high priority for us. We certainly have locked the activity going on in terms of looking at acquisition opportunities and we certain want to reserve flexibility for M&A activity so that's certainly a piece of why we would not consider taking on additional debt at this particular time. And as I mentioned in my prepare able remark, given the improvements that we have made and we will continue to make in certain areas of working capital and the improvement that we have in front of us as it relates to inventory, which now that estimates behind us we can certainly expect more steady improvement as it relates to our inventory turnover that should deliver very strong returns to the shareholders. We are mindful that in order to keep and support the wonderful brands that we have it requires investment. It requires investments in advertizing. It requires investment in infrastructure and in capability. So we balance all of that when we look at the capital structure as well as our plans for any fiscal year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And Javier, so in terms of obviously they went live with SAP. So we certainly advanced shift in Q4 in support of the first few weeks of go-live and they did increase -- our customers did increase their shipment as it relates to that. We’re starting to see passenger traffic pickup. One of the reasons why travel retail increased their orders was July is a very important travel period for travel retail. So it’s a heavy volume period and to make sure that they had the product in order to support that volume period, if we had any issues they wanted to have a greater degree of certainty. So we’re starting to see passenger traffic pickup and as Fabrizio said, we’ve continued to outpace passenger traffic in the last few years in our travel retail business. So we benefit from traffic growth. We’ve also been as John indicated earlier expanding some of our brands, particularly our luxury brands and other brands in the travel retail channel, which has been an accelerator on our travel retail growth and we continue to see opportunities and that is certainly in our plans this year to continue to have travel retail be an outperformer in channel growth and our overall growth.
Fabrizio Freda: In truth, yes, the new inventory round Pure Color Envy and Modern Muse has brought a younger more contemporary customers to the Estée Lauder brand. We’ve seen fantastic performance for both Modern Muse and for Pure Color Envy which is the most successful lip color launch that the brand is having over a decade. So we are bringing younger consumers and the good thing about fragrance and makeup is being transactions.
Fabrizio Freda: To answer the question on skin care, definitely there are very strong plan to grow market share on skin care. I just wanted to clarify that in fiscal year '14 we did grow market share of skin care globally and we plan to continue to do that. If you’re referring to the North America market U.S. market share, trend in skin care, yes, we didn’t grow market share in the U.S specifically and we have plans to go back to growth via, first of all, innovation. Innovation, which is much more wide space in new areas and less cannibalizing than what we experience in the beginning of fiscal year 2014 and strongly improved merchandising store in this area and new services connected to the skin care area. Also, globally the skin care local relevant approach of our innovation is actually giving us some great returns and so we plan to continue growing market share globally in skin care also across fiscal year 2015.
Fabrizio Freda: First of all, our fiscal year '14 overall, our constant sales growth was 7% and we are forecasting 6% to 7% for '15. So, is not acceleration for the year is consistent. In term of the sales by quarter, again they are heavily dependent on the amount of new innovation to happen in the quarter or in other also in the geography where these innovation is launched and finally in the category in which these innovation is launched. So, as I say every time, don’t attribute too much into reading a single quarter, read our fiscal year overall trend which I think is a much more solid element for predicting the direction and the solidity of our business trend. So, we are 7% in 2014, we predict 6% to 7% and this will be driven as I said by market overall at 3% to 4% in our estimate. So consistent overall global market growth, but a strong innovation our brands and the profile of our growth, will continue to be the double-digit energy market, double-digit online, very strong results into our retail and some markets like the U.K. are doing fantastically well that we expect to continue. And growth in China is expected to continue. And so, there is a full consistent approach to growth which is the strength frankly of our strategy.
Fabrizio Freda: But I want to clarify on the individual brand growth that Lauder and Clinique are growing. They are growing globally for the fiscal year and that will continue to grow globally if in some markets their growth has been below the market growth meaning losing some share points, but little share points in some markets but this will not distract by the fact that both of these brands are growing and growing globally.
Fabrizio Freda: They are growing globally in line with the prestige market, also likely below depending by quarter and by brand and that's the ones that we want not to comment on to give too many details, public details…
Fabrizio Freda: On our growth rate, but they’re growing and they're growing in a way as I said, we plan to grow market share also in these brands globally over the next two years.
Fabrizio Freda: And I just want to add one your question on reconciling rest of the sales growth, many of the investments Chris as you referred to are not necessarily in advertising at the immediately the sales growth within the quarter. For example, we are investing in the first quarter into the big part of our R&D investment will happen there. In the direct channel going more direct online sites and things will happen there. We have a trial retail investment that will happen there and then we all benefit the rest of the fiscal year and finally we have investments on the consultants that was discussed in creating the savings that then will impact possibly the next of the fiscal year and in other capabilities like in the area of supply chain fundamentals. So, some of this investment will not provide immediate results on sales within the quarter. We’ll provide first of all sustainable growth in the long term and results on profit in the second part of the year.
Fabrizio Freda: I’ll answer first there on the growth profile of our company. I think I said in the last calls, the profile of our growth is that we have created multiple engine of growths by brand, by channel, by region. Some designs go in certain moments at double digit, other at single digit. But they all provide support to the growth. So, from brand standpoint and John commented on some like M-A-C or the luxury brands which are definitely driving double-digit because of their level of development at their profile and their opportunity for expansion. There are other brands that are definitely, Lauder and Clinique are in this camp in that fiscal year that are driving single digit. The same profile is by channel, we have channels like online, travel retail, freestanding stores, which are driving the business at double digit and other channels like our core department stores which are driving at single digit in this moment. And then during the years, this has changed and our ability to flexibly react to these changes and make sure that we invest where the opportunity is in a given moment of time is also the strengths of our model. So we do keep the flexibility to make these changes and these adjustments on purpose in order to be able to leverage growth where growth is. I'll let Tracey answer the other question.
Fabrizio Freda: This is Fabrizio. I think I’ll take this one because I don’t think we can start talking openly about acquisition opportunity by brand or by gap because this would be frankly to match information to our competitors so more than to you. But the key point again as we stated is our overall M&A strategy. Our overall M&A strategy is first of all is a strategy looking at brands, which has global potential. As you know we don’t have a strategy of weak M&A partnership but rather is about buying brands that we can develop over the years. M-A-C is the example of the ideal acquisition strategy for a settled company buying a medium sized brand and making it use huge over the years that’s our strategy in M&A. Now in which areas we focus I said it repeatedly obviously skincare acquisition around the world particularly in Asia at an area where we are starting the market continuously and then there are opportunities in all the area, which are high profitable and growing and where our portfolio is today not completely filled in. and the last thing I want to say is not necessarily a gut feeling strategy. It is really our M&A strategies about buying amazing brands with amazing potential that we can leverage thanks to our great R&D and global reach and create global brand Alamak also in the future. That’s what we are looking for. We are scanning the global market continuously for opportunities and we want to keep the flexibility to engage in these activities when the opportunity arises.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay, so China in the fourth quarter net sales were up 20% and for the year it were double digit and about 13% so very solid performance overall in China across the year. The like door the same door sales in the quarter was actually plus 0.1% so flat and this is a big improvement versus the decline of the overall prestige market same-door in China and our pervious performance in the previous quarter was mine 2.3% so an improvement trend. What is driving that in China again I explained that the big cities because of the developmental of the online, because of the saturation of the market are not growing are not growing anymore same-door sales for sure. While the big expansion is in secondary in Tier 3, Tier 4 cities and online basically expanding the reach of the many interested Chinese consumers have been able to sell to them, that’s what we are doing and that’s why we are successful. We continue build the reach. So we get new consumers into our brands, new Chinese consumers into our brand every quarter. The other thing I said already I want to repeat the fact that the same-door sales are flattish should not scare because for example our Estée Lauder brand has the highest productivity per door in the world in China. So as table says same-door does not have a significant impact on profitability. The other positive of China that this new consumers that we are reaching expanding in secondary cities are also very good travelers and when they travel they are interest in our brands because they get to know them better and they buy more of our brands in travel retail or in the big capital travel like Paris, New York or whatever. And thus the other big benefit that we are following up in our analysis and how to continue to build the China’s market. So that's what's happening and as I said I have a big trust that China will continue to be growth driver for us in the future in the next three years on the plan that we are discussing.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. I want to take the first part of the question and Tracey will take you through the benefits of SMI that we see in the next year, which by the way are significant, but the first point why we got high order was mainly our travel retail customers. They decided to order more than we originally estimated because it's their decision how much they want to assess the risk of being under lever under-shipped in the months of July and they want to protect their business. because the business is doing well and so they want to protect and avoid the risk of outer stock because of SAP. As you know many companies in the past had issues in executive SAP meaning that they have some periods where they cannot ship, cannot deliver product after their implementation. So that's why our customers sometimes decide to protect themselves because they have this bad experience from the past. Now the good news is that first of all we monitor that and we don’t double count that. Second good news is that we didn’t give so far any issue to them so that we are really executing SAP with excellence and I believe we are one of the best companies in the way we are executing SAP and avoiding the issues that probably you have seen or volatility and consistency that come from the implementation in other cases. So that's as far as the volume orders.
Fabrizio Freda: So first of all, travel retail, Chinese will continue for a long term to be one of the most travelers. In the last year, we didn't see -- we saw an increase of overall number of Chinese traveling and their destinations have changed dramatically. The Southeast issues like turmoil in Vietnam or in Thailand or the Malaysia, unfortunate situations and they create for example a decrease in travel of Chinese in South East Asia. The Chinese now travelled much more in Japan and in Korea, some of these also influenced by currencies interest of the Chinese travelers, the Hong Kong situation, the Chinese traveling will be less to Hong Kong. So it’s a very volatile situation, more than volatile, dynamic situation where the overall traveling trend for Chinese continue to be strong, although growing at lower pace than in the last year, but continue to be strong. Where they travel is very dynamic and so the companies that are able to better understand these, analyze it and make sure the trends are dynamically moved accordingly to their corridors are the companies that will do a better job and I think we’re very good at that and we’re following this carefully and as I said we value the flexibility of our model exactly because of this. The second part of your question is Korean brands. Now clearly in Korea, Korean brands have done very well and as we said, we took a couple of years to understand how to more effectively compete. I think we’re some interesting results. Some of our new brands like Jo Malone and Aveda they’re doing fantastically well in Korea, so we’re learning how to compete also with our new brands in this market and in other markets like China, we see Korean brands mainly in mass being very successful. Frankly in prestige they’ve not yet impacted in any way our trends to continue to be very solid as you see and in travel retail, in Korea, mainly in Seoul, Korean brands are significant. There’s been significant frankly in our new -- been significant for the last three or four years. But around the world, it still is growing. You’re right. But it's not to a pace where in any way is limiting our current growth but they are a formidable competitors. They definitely are an additional formal competitor, which meant yes, we’re looking and we’re evaluating opportunities on how to compete or participate to this growth in a more efficient way in the future.
Fabrizio Freda: Just want to give you the data, our retail sales for fiscal year '14 in travel retail has been plus 8% and our net sales just a little bit higher than that and the traffic was about 5%. So just to keep the record straight, we’ve been growing solidly ahead of traffic in term of retail sales and travel retail. Now Tracey will…
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, frankly my point of view is that the digital area will strengthen our relationship with our retail partners and we are constantly working side to side with them to support their eCommerce and their digital expansion of activities. So all the customers, which have the retail partners which have the best dot com activities are also the one which delivers the strongest brick-and-mortar sales. There is a clear strong connection between success of the retailer online and success of the same retailer in brick-and-mortar. So we are participating to the development of the business of our retail partners both in brick-and-mortar and online and we’re very supportive including putting our capabilities in cooperating with them in developing this business because this Omni channel approach, that many of the global retailers that we partner with are taking I believe is the future. It is the right future. So it's true that we’ve also some of our brands with strong direct sites, which we sell direct to the customer like it's true that we have some of our strong brands with great freestanding stores where we sell our brick-and-mortar direct to the consumer as well. So we see our direct size like our freestanding store M-A-C for example and they used to penetrate the markets where our retail partners are not or to create flag-shipped brand equity building activities and show creativity and strength or to complement high traffic areas. But they never used in competition with our retail partners. So all the move to direct online and in brick-and-mortar is actually -- is a great move for accessing the consumer around the world and to develop the brand equities and our wholesale business is actually benefiting from these activities in a big way. So my view is very positive and very constructive.
