Fabrizio Freda: This is Fabrizio, before giving the word to Karen, I just want to say that we are not in Sephora, Brazil with M-A-C, at this point in time. But I'd like Karen to answer the question.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. As we say, we are today, in 68 cities in China. We believe there are at least 100, 120 cities that already now will be ready for the distribution. If, from a consumer standpoint, if the distribution network will be available. So our plan is to continue to expand into Tier 2 or 3 cities, is continue expand, particularly our most successful brands, the brands which are more ready for the expansion. Our plan is to continue advertise and build awareness for our brands in China and basically to continue expansion in this way. To be clear, if you look at the -- what's happening in China in this moment is that the market in Tier 1 cities in our industry is growing less aggressively than in the past, in term of comp growth, particularly. And -- but the potentials of continuous expanding into new cities and attracting new consumers is enormous. That's why, this quarter we grew 32% in this situation. The other thing that is part of the plan is to continue working on what we call the traveling corridors for China's consumers. We know today that there are a lot of consumers that are traveling, and this consumer traveling are coming actually, from these Tier 2 and 3 cities where we are just launched recently or where we are not yet in. Which means that the expansion in Tier 2 or 3 cities, in turn drives also the expansion in travel retail and in what date by when they travel. And the other thing we know is today, 70% of our online sales in China come from cities in which we are not distributed, indicating that the consumer demand is already there and we need just to continue accelerating the distribution. So that's it.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. As we said before, we believe we will grow 6% to 7%, which is double the market. And in this moment, the market, our estimate is we grow about 3%. Just to be fair, this is different what we felt in August. In August, we felt 3% to 4% would have been the market growth. And the reality, what we have seen, particularly in some southern European markets which are now on the negative market trend. And in Korea, which is flattened, while it was a very strong growth market in the past, we had to readjust our point of view on the global market for the fiscal year. Then in term of our plan, we continue to grow market share and to grow, both in great markets like China or North America in this moment. And frankly, we continue to grow and grow market share in many of the weak market that we are seeing, yes. For example, in places like Italy, we continue to grow well ahead of the market trend, the same in France. So it's good results. The reason why we believe we will accelerate as or generally are twofold: First of all, we have an initiative plan, and an innovation plan, which is very strong there; second, we have a strong innovation plan supported by extra advertising in the second quarter this year. We will spend $80 million more advertising in the second quarter of the year versus last year, which we believe will add a good, a very strong influence on the third quarter sales and results, and obviously, also on the fourth quarter. So this year, because of the calendarization of our innovation, and because of the -- our intention to push our best opportunities as soon as possible in the fiscal year, we have an anticipated increased advertise through the second quarter. As you remember, this was happening mainly in the fourth quarter in our previous year. And I think this will be beneficial to the further acceleration in the last 6 months. So in a nutshell, is calendarization of initiatives, key opportunities by market and the impact of our advertising behind us, and the innovation plan, that we believe will further accelerate the sales growth. Lastly, keep in mind that we have a very high base in the first 6 months of the fiscal year from last year, and we have an easier base to beat in the second 6 months of this fiscal year.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And on travel retail, is -- the destocking has been mainly in Asia and in the Americas, and was the result of a change of rhythm of increased traffic in July, particularly, and then adjusting in August. And some of the retailers decided to destock. We don't believe this will continue. We believe that the overall net sales will gradually align to the retail sales in the remaining of the fiscal year. And I explained in my prepared remark, the retail sales increase in travel retail globally, has been about 11%, despite a tough quarter in Korea, which is 15% of our total global travel retail business.
Fabrizio Freda: And the second question's yes. We have a pretty sophisticated contingency system, as you have probably seen in the last 2 years, where every brand has an element of contingency and flexible spending. In the course of our year this contingency of flexible spending is then flexed to profit protection or to further investment on our winners, depending how the markets and our fiscal year goes. So we have the opportunity, in case things will get worse in some markets, to protect our plans. To be clear, the way we protect our plans is not necessarily protecting on the profit, but the best way in which we protect our plans is to be agile enough to move resources to our winners, and to be able anyway to protect also our top line growth in the course of the year, wherever we can. So when things get tough, we can protect profit, but most importantly, we can direct our resources where things are not tough, actually are good. And to be clear, the strengths of our portfolio is that our many brands, many channels, many countries, our broad approach in the world offer always, frankly, a possibility to find areas which are growing fast, which are solid, and which is worth investing in. So it's a balance of being able to protect and agile enough to be able to leverage what is working.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. Russia is a small percent, it's a very small percent of our sales. It's around 2% of our sales. The -- what's happening in Russia, the market is growing double-digit overall, the prestige market in Russia, and we are growing double-digit or more with most of the retailers we work with in Russia. But there is a retailer with which we don't have an agreement for the plan forward, and we are discussing with them. So the reason why we, in this moment in time, we are not fully exploiting the growth of the Russian market and we are delivering results in Russia which are below market growth, which is unique, because in all the other emerging markets, all the world in this moment it's just the opposite is happening, meaning we are growing much faster than the market. In this market, the reason why it is happening is because we don't have yet a final agreement with one of the retailers. And so we are evaluating what will be the right strategy in the future to continue growing in Russia at this point in time.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. No, we are intentionally growing double than the industry, so we are growing market share globally and our estimate is the market will grow at about 3%, and we are growing -- we will grow 6% to 7% in our estimate, so we will definitely continue to accelerate global market share. In terms of our main, biggest competitors, we have been growing stronger than them every year, and the most of the quarters, if you look to our history in the last 3 years, it would be only a few quarters where some of our competitors have been growing faster than us, and this is normally associated with the calendarizations of events, rather than with a strategic change. So we are a fast growth company, we have defined fast growth as at least 1% ahead of market every year. So when the market grow 4% to 6%, we will grow 6% to 8%. In a year, where the market seems to grows 3%, particularly because there are some big markets in the world, like the south of Europe, which are negative. When this happens, we may grow 6% to 7%, like we are saying this year. But anyway, is always the same logic, is growing double than the market, much better than the industry, and normally with, again, with the exception of a few quarters, we will believe we'll be ahead of competition in term of growth.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. The same-door sales in China's been 2% in the quarter. And in term of the holiday, we frankly have early indication of a very solid holiday season and we have great programs out there, some of our programs appeal to value consumer, to consumer which are interested in value, and some of our program appeal to the high-end consumer. We believe we have very balanced programs and very promising. And the first indications, that should be good and we get this indication from online. We have a very strong beginning of online activity linked to holidays, so we are pleased with the first reaction to our programs, and we are encouraged by what we see for the holidays.
Tracey Thomas Travis: David, that is an unfair question after 2 months, but I'll do my best to respond. So I think, obviously, our capital structure is something that we discuss on a regular basis with our Board of Directors, and that includes our dividend issuance, our share repurchase activity and the amount of debt that we hold as a company. I think right now, given the increase that we announced this morning, as well as the additional share repurchase activity, we are certainly, and the board is certainly committed to returning cash to shareholders, that we deem to be excess at this point in time and increase shareholder value. In terms of debt, we obviously did most recently take on some additional debt, some of that was to retire old debt. But we do have slightly higher debt than we had previously on our balance sheet, and I think we're very comfortable with that at this point in time. It has been discussed previously that we certainly are open to appropriate acquisitions to enhance our portfolio, and I think we'll make those judgments at that time with respect to how we fund those acquisitions. But at this point in time, we think we're pretty comfortable with our capital structure.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yes. I think Fabrizio summed it up well. The only thing that I would add to it is the company has laid out a number of cost savings initiatives and expense leverage initiatives, which I think you're all familiar with, that have really helped and support a lot of the things that Fabrizio laid out over the last few years, helping to increase advertising expenses or expenditures in a very strategic way, while increasing or expanding our margin. We are certainly focused on continuing to identify projects and programs within the organization that allow us to better leverage expenses. One of the things that I know has been discussed quite a bit on these calls has been the Strategic Modernization Initiative, and the SAP implementation, which will certainly allow us to improve some of the areas like inventory optimization, which can -- will have tremendous benefits with respect to cash flow improvement, as well as expense and margin improvement as well. So we're pretty excited about the next few years with all of the capability building that's happened in the last couple of years, to be able to continue to leverage expenses and continue to grow with the innovation that Fabrizio indicated.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So why don't I answer the SAP shift, and then Fabrizio can answer the second part of your question. As I said in my prepared remarks, you're absolutely correct, the impact this year, given the number of affiliates that we have rolling out in January, is greater than it was in the prior year's quarters. So this year, we're expecting approximately $70 million to $90 million in sales to shift between the third quarter into the second quarter, and that compares to about $30 million last year. So that's what the impact will be in the quarter.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. So to answer the first part of your question, yes, you can assume the same type of margin on those, that -- on that sales shift in the quarter.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. So our advertising full year dollar expenditures are expected to increase this year. As Fabrizio noted, the calendarization of the spend is a bit different this year than last year, so we're seeing a fairly heavy spike in the second quarter, which will be offset by a decline in the fourth quarter as it relates to our plans this year. But full year, we are expecting to increase the advertising spending we have. As we had mentioned before, a tremendous launch program this year that we certainly want to be able to support. We are, however, this year, expecting to leverage advertising and promotion expense. So it will not be deleveraging on our margin.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the only thing I would add to what Fabrizio was saying in terms of our spend this year and the reason we can get a little bit more leverage out of it, we're far more targeted in the spend this year, in terms of the products that we're supporting, and the markets that we're supporting as well, which is allowing us to get tremendous leverage on the dollars.
