Thia Breen: I certainly will. Our retailers are still being very conservative. We don’t see sales exceeding last year in terms of the purchases that they’ve made, but certainly improving from last year’s comps.Wendy Nicholson – Citi Investments Research: Okay. And it just sounds like I mean in travel retail, you don't feel like, for example you've stuffed the trade, we have been watching the (inaudible) data and it’s gotten a lot better. So in terms of expecting things to get worse from here incrementally, it just seems awfully, awfully, whatever, conservative on your part, which I guess is fine, it’s a great place to be. But at the same time we want to have a realistic outlook for what you think you can do this year.
Thia Breen: What we are seeing in terms of the retail is the retailers are very concerned that the customer is not coming back in the same velocity that she was a year ago. So we are not building inventory.
Thia Breen: I would be happy to do that, Neely. We actually started this North American affiliate structure, July 1, and although it might be new to us, it’s not new to us as a company. It’s the best practice of what we’ve been building on for years. And so the affiliate support is what we’ve always been, which is a brand-driven company. And My Macy's sits perfectly into this because we are able to leverage these brands individually in these 69 districts that have been established. We also have the advantage of the North American supply chain, and forecast and demand planning now which really helps our customers when you talk about Macy's more easily navigated through the various brands that we have.  We are working very closely with Macy's to reignite growth in that channel and the transformation is much stronger by leveraging our corporation and not just the individual brands, and it makes us much more nimble in dealing with Macy's. Another important capability is in the area of consumer insight, which certainly – they have announced Macy's in terms of how they are supporting stronger initiatives in this. So this is reigniting great partnership between our two companies in this area. We also see great progress in terms of online. In terms of holiday, we are very, very fluent with My Macy's in terms of the upcoming holiday season; and we’ve still believe there are some risks attached to what’s going to happen in terms of whether it’s job loss or whatever, she isn't coming back in the same way that we thought that she was two years ago.
Rick Kunes: I don’t have, Alice, the numbers for all the alternative channels. But our retail stores and our salon business was as soft as our department store business here in North America. Our Internet business was pretty positive. I think that all of them together in the US were down still in that low-to-mid single digital number, so not terribly different than department stores.
Rick Kunes: I think the spending patterns for the rest of the year is going to be up to, as Fabrizio was describing, those risk elements that are out there and how they develop and whether they develop at all. But it will be more or less spread over the remaining three quarters. One thing on the savings initiatives that we have and the spending patterns year-over-year you have to remember that last year we had that belt tightening exercise which took place mostly in the second half of the year where we took out about $250 million out of our spending that we said a big majority of that was going to be temporary in nature and would have to come back. So, in a sense, we had some really good results relative from a spending perspective in the second half of last year, but this year now, we have a more, if you will, systemic and sustainable cost reduction program as Fabrizio mentioned that is implementing over the course of the year. So we save $48 million in the first quarter. We anticipate about $50 million for our second quarter and we said between $170 million and $200 million for the year. So there's a little bit of an offset year-over-year on when those fundings would happen. Longer-term, I think that we don't want to get into the details on a line-by-line item of what our spending will look like in 2013, but we do intend to get to that 12% to 13% operating margin. There are some efficiencies in our advertising and promotional spending that we hope to obtain as part of those initiatives, but I think it'd be a little premature to say what that would be as a percentage of sales now.
Rick Kunes: Sure, in most of our vehicles that we use, we are not seeing price reductions per se. Many of those prestige magazines have taken a decision to say we're holding our billing rates. And we noticed quite honestly the size of those magazines somewhat shrinking as people spend less money, but we haven't seen savings from a rate perspective in that. Ours as a company have spent less than we did year-over-year for the economic conditions that we're currently within. But we haven't seen any real savings from a rate perspective.
Rick Kunes: That's very good, but this year, quite honestly, everything went in our favor in the first quarter. We beat our sales expectations and we beat those by high profitability TRD business by the launch of a very profitable new product, Advanced Night Repair. If you look in cost of sales, our inventory improvements helped drive down our obsolescence numbers. We also had some exchange benefits in there. Our operating expenses, as Fabrizio described them, were lower than we had planned because there's a level of conservatism in the spending patterns and caution by our affiliates, which will probably happen in the next year. The exchange rates went in our favor, the tax rate went in our favor. I mean everything, the stars were aligned somewhat in this quarter, and we're quite happy, terrific results, but that's why we temper that around the risk that we see in front of us and also the fact that this is the first quarter of a four-year program that we have in place and we have a ways to go to get to 12% to 13% operating margin. So we're happy but we're also realistic in what the future holds for us. And this, I think Fabrizio used the term this was probably the easiest quarter in a sense. It's in a beginning of our program and we have a lot of work to go and a lot of change within the Company to achieve our long-term goals.
Rick Kunes: Yes, cash is building. We suspended our program while there was so much volatility in the credit markets. The program, we still have 22 million shares, I think authorized by the Board, that we could repurchase and we'll evaluate that based on what we see in the credit markets and what we see for use of our cash.
Rick Kunes: And then, Victoria, your question on the travel retail business. In the quarter, it was about 9% of our sales, but historically that's represented about 7% of our overall sales mix and the profitability as we said is about 20% of the company's profits.
Rick Kunes: And, Lauren, you mentioned that are we spending at all, well, we're not actually. We took our estimate up $0.45, $0.50, depending on where you want to start from an EPS basis. So, we are anticipating that we're going to have better results. We did say that our operating margin was going to probably be 100 plus basis points higher than we had come into the year thinking. So, we are reflecting a lot of that in profitability and we are balancing that with all the risks that Fabrizio just mentioned.
Rick Kunes: Right, in our operating expenses, Chris, we have the impact of the gains or losses on the contracts that we have and so it was versus last year. We did not have anywhere near the losses in those contracts that we have last year so it was a net benefit year-over-year.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, sure. Basically what we are doing is brands are managing to a mix of opportunities and risks. So, speaking about brand budgets, the branding this moment each one of them have in front of them different situations, by region, by country. And this situation has suggested the majority of brands to avoid spending too much in the first quarter in order to be ready to balance an economy downturn or the flu explosion or the possible travel retail downturn, and some branch took this decision. But they took this decision to wait to spend because of the risk manager or in other cases to wait to spend to put the money on bigger opportunities, which are emerging in our strategy and analysis, and on some very appealing innovation opportunities we have in our pipeline.  So this has made some of the spending not be happening in the first quarter, but this part of the spending will happen in the successive three quarters during the fiscal year, and we are allowing this budgeting process, although it’s very transparent within the company and with a senior manager we are allowing these movements as far as they are appropriate, as I said, in terms of putting the money on the biggest opportunity and managing risk in the appropriate way. The second part or the process of cost management in the company is about all our cost restructuring and all our activities that we call the PMT activities, meaning we put together and to the senior management team which is managing, delivering all of the cost savings that we have committed for the next four years. 
Fabrizio Freda: If I can give a perspective on the hedging, we are going to make efficiencies in our advertising spending and these efficiencies will mainly come from being able to target the consumer more accurately and to spend money only against the target consumer and to avoid dispersion. Second, the mix of advertising around the globe is evolving and these changes country by country. For example, as all of you know digital marketing is taking a bigger role in all the communication spending in most of the markets. We remain very committed to prestige magazine advertising, but we're also having some interesting results, for example, television advertising, in some emerging markets. So we are making a lot of learning on the mix of advertising too and we are making a lot of learning how to spend more efficiently, targeting better our consumers. This will drive higher return from our advertising spend and will improve over time the return on investment for every advertising dollar spent. That said, I'm not sure that our goal is to reduce the total dollar of advertising. On the contrary, our goal is to continue to support our brand as aggressively as we can afford and as soon as the sales trend, the consumer demand attitude will change, we plan to invest more in advertising according to our needs.
Fabrizio Freda: It's actually fair that nothing fundamental, but there is some improvements that we're making to the business, which are the one, which are part of the strategy, which are here to stay. Let me clarify. What's going right this month is that we have higher than expected sales and on this phase we didn't spend money. They came in September or last quarterly, before we spent the money. This obviously doesn't happen every quarter. When you plan the sales and you spend the money against it, the sales that come with [ph] brand normally are less profitable than the one that come unplanned. So that's part The other thing that happened, however is that we are dramatically improving our mix and particularly, we are shipping more skincare as part of our mix and this is here to stay hopefully. At least this is part of our strategy. We'll do our best to make this stay. The second key thing, we are improving all our so-called underperforming brands, which means that every single brand that last year was below company performance, this year is delivering much better results. This goes from the extreme of prescriptive that, as you know, we've announced a complete restructuring to other brands, which are simply dramatically improving their results this fiscal year versus previous year. This hopefully is here to stay and is a fundamental change. There is another (inaudible) which is all about spending. As we said, we've been cautious in spending in the first quarter because of risk management in this very unusual volatile economic environment. This again on the contrary, may not be true next quarter or last year if the economical environment will be different and more predictable, our spending will probably be different and more predictable. So there are elements which are, I believe A) an evolution of our business model in line with our strategy, other elements, which are uniquely happening in this quarter will not happen probably in the future.
Fabrizio Freda: We may calculate it, but consciously is we are improving market share as a company overall, globally, and in the majority of our strategic markets, in our key brands, our main brands are growing market share in the majority of the markets, so we have a possible trend here.
Fabrizio Freda: Let me answer the question on fragrances. I think the great swing that were improvements in profit that we are seeing in fragrances is the result of the very hard work, excellent work that the fragrance team has put into this in the last 12 months, 18 months, under exactly the strategic direction of improving the business model we are using in this category. This is a mix of stopping investing on areas, where we had limited opportunity, where we were not getting appropriate return. And on the contrary, continue investing, actually in some cases accelerated investment in areas of a bigger return. This has been combined with a lot of activity of cost cutting. Some of the cost reductions are unique and specific to the category. Other are part of the big restructuring plan that we have announced for the Company. Both of these partially impacted the category. And finally, the strategic refocusing on classics and on the ability of growing our business on classics with the right profitability versus maybe in some cases too many new small activities which a relatively low success rate. The rebalancing of those two elements is also helping the direction. So, we are very encouraged by the direction and we believe that we will be soon as the economy allows us, we will be focusing also on growing this category again. We should also say that as you know, fragrance has been the category which is the most affected by the market trend, by the economical strain. The markets are really going down in most of the world in a very big way. So within fragrance as soon as the market come back, we will see the benefit of that.
Fabrizio Freda: This is Fabrizio. Maybe I've given the wrong impression here. When we say affiliate, because the spending happens there, I was not speaking where the decisions are taken. Our process is a brand led decision, our global brand led decision making process on spend. So the brand lead the decision process and today in our new metrics there is a big dialogue with affiliates to decide when and how to spend the money, but then the money gets spent in the affiliates in the large majority. So this decision is a very transparent decision making process since now about eight months, we're in the company, we have continuous teams, we meet once a month to discuss the spending of the next month, it's a very thorough process where we align forecast, the financial forecast and the man-management of products so we have very thorough processes now in place. So if I gave the wrong impression, the decision was taken (inaudible) by the affiliates, I'm sorry, this was the wrong concept. The decision was taken in a very transparent way from the management team, brand affiliates and agree that with me and with Rick at the top. And so we know exactly what's happening out there. And I believe that the decision of prudently postponing or the adjustment of spending was this quarter the right decision for a series of reasons.
Fabrizio Freda: Let me (inaudible) try, Rick can give you specific numbers behind the concept. There is, as you know, there is some change which is really sustainable and this is clearly the change which goes with the cost savings in this quarter $48 million of sustainable cost savings. The change fundamentally the way we are working. There are other costs which are obviously the reflection of the mix, as you said, more skincare, other elements of the mix like less underperforming brand, et cetera. Those are obviously sustainable changes. There is an element of improvements also in the investment, in the marketing, as we gain efficiency and we have better rate of return on investment in promotion, advertising, all these areas and this is progressing. But, however, there is also a management of risk in this moment, in this very volatile environment, which is not necessarily a sustainable thing for the next five years, is what we need to do now in this unique economical environment. And as I said, we have in front of us the possibility that Christmas will go normally or will be a problem. We have in front of us the possibility that there is a flu epidemic, which means travel retail in Asia may be particularly affected and even the Christmas shopping may be particularly affected if this has to happen. We have the possibility of having at least we believe the competition will become more aggressive as soon as the economy improves. And a lot of our competitors, many, who have been as prudent as we have been (inaudible) and creating for us some space that may not be available in the rest of the fiscal year, if the economy start going better. And on top, as I said, there is obviously an internal cultural change that we're going through to deliver and to exchange in our operational cost saving with sustainable change of business model and cost saving, which is a process which doesn't happen in one day. It contains some element of risk in some regions, in some areas, and in some groups. So the combination of this risk management make us believe that we need to be prudent in trying to guess how much of this will be always going like this quarter, which is meaning everything played in the right direction at the same time. So that's it. So I think it's about at least an attempt to manage with a prudent and strong approach this transformational direction we are taking.
Fabrizio Freda: This is Fabrizio, again. Let me clarify. The selling of Night Repair of Lauder as we have underlined is a sell-in. Sell-in is not influenced by advertising. It's a sell-in of an activity. The product has also started pretty well, but in the month of September, the majority of the extra is a sell-in. Travel retail is not influenced by advertising in the short-term basis. Obviously, travel retail is influenced by the equity of the brands on long-term basis, but on a month-by-month basis, it's not influenced by advertising in the regions, in the countries. And finally, the other big extra that we got is Asian skincare, which is a very profitable item for us is skincare, in general, and this actually is influenced by advertising, and this is worse. So it's a mix feature again, and so, we got some upside this quarter which were kind of happening independently from the spending part in advertising. This may not be true in the future because there are other parts of our sales components, which are heavily influenced by our advertising spend.Chris Ferrara – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Great. That's really helpful. Sorry for being dense on that. I guess and just one other quick one. Rick, I think you mentioned that FX on the SG&A line was actually a positive for the quarter. Did you mean positive relative to your forecast or positive in the absolute? And if it's positive in the absolute I guess why considering currency was still a drag just not as much of one for the top line.
Fabrizio Freda: Ali, I already I think answered these questions when we first discussed in the February quarter conference call. The strategy that longer-term which we have visibility of this company to get to the 14%, 15% margins so we will see when and how after by 2013, we arrive to the 12%,13% range, we will discuss how to continue go forward. Now, honestly, it's a bit premature. I think we have so much work to be done to get to the 12% to 13% and this is the first quarter of 16% which are in the announced strategy. So really it's a very good one and that's why I'm honestly very happy that we have this good start, but it's a bit premature for start rediscussing the original goal. The other important things the one to make a big distinguish is the 12% to 13% by 2013 year will need to be reached in a sustainable way, meaning, changing the fundamentals of our business model and cost structure and particularly, confirming our ability to grow the top-line in a very strong way over time, particularly, when the economy will go back to normal. The combination of those three things is what will determine the sustainability of the 13%. So in this first quarter, we have seen that when the key fundamentals of this new strategy play together, all positively, it seems to work in the right direction. But I think it's premature to say that we can sustainably imagine to go higher than the 12%, 13% before we have much more road behind us.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, first of all, we have no intention to become more and more of a retailer. That's absolutely not part of the strategy. And by the way, there is only one of our brands whose business model is designed by the way fantastically around having a certain amount of retailing stores. All the other brands, they are not designed in this way. So, really that's not our strategy, that's not our issue. And then in terms of cannibalization, we are very hard that (inaudible) does not what happen. So we can build our stores and alternative distributions at the same time and they don't cannibalize each other. Actually, we have a strategy and we do this only when they do not cannibalize each other because again, our business is very much driven by productivity per store, sales per door, and where the productivity per store, the sales per door, are not the right one, our profitability is very difficult to be reached. So we look at this very carefully. And then anyway, the issue, if there will be an issue is only in the U.S., in Europe, in Asia, really those issues don't exist in a sense that the amount of our direct retailing is minimum, probably not significant at all in our business.
