Tracey Travis: So on a constant currency basis, we expect that margins will improve about 30 to 50 basis points in fiscal 2018. What I said, Faiza, was that on average we expect to deliver about 50 basis points over the next three years. So that could be 30 basis points one year and it could be 70 basis points another year. But the average we expect to achieve over a three-year time horizon is 50 basis points. And obviously that will depend on where our sales growth ranges.
Tracey Travis: So let me start with the acquisitions and Fabrizio might add on to this. But we called out obviously that they will contribute 4% in the first quarter and again, we’re speaking about Too Faced and BECCA. Different lines or different product lines of ours have somewhat different seasonal cadence in terms of their growth algorithm. So, and for the full year, they will contribute 2%. So we acquired Too Faced and BECCA in the November-December timeframe of last year. And so certainly in the second half, we would expect for total company our growth to moderate about a point or two from the first half due to the fact that we will have Too Faced and BECCA in our sales growth numbers from prior year.
Tracey Travis: So in the fourth quarter, one of the things that we saw was great new product launch from some of our brands. So the Estée Lauder brand, as Fabrizio mentioned in his prepared remarks, launched their double-wear cushion compact. There were new launches against Nutritious. MAC had their – the launch of Tmall, so we had a fair amount of advertising investment in the fourth quarter to support new product launch activity in China and in some other markets in the Asia-Pacific region. The Asia-Pacific region is a strong and profitable region for us. And to the extent that we had new product launches, and certainly you’ve seen this from us in the past, one of the ways that we, given our new product launch cadence, one of the ways that we certainly start the year strong is by investing at the end of the year against momentum launches that we see. The other new product that we expect to support in Asia-Pacific this year is the Fresh Pressed launch from Clinique, which also has had tremendously strong momentum. And we expect that to continue.
Tracey Travis: So, skin care has been picking up and certainly very strongly in the fourth quarter and we do have higher expectations. Some higher expectations for skin care growth this year than we’ve seen certainly in the last couple of years. And there are a few things driving it. The first I would say is strong innovation. So Clinique, La Mer, Estée Lauder, all have strong innovation programs that they’ve launched and products that they’ve launched in fiscal 2017 that we expect to carry into fiscal 2018 along with new innovation that they have planned. The other driver is obviously the momentum that we’re seeing with Chinese traveling consumers. Both in China as well as in the travel quarters and that is driving a lot of skin care growth and consumption as well in various channels of business. We’re also seeing a bit of a pickup in Russian travelers as well which helps our skin care business.
Tracey Travis: Yes. So Leading Beauty Forward, when we announced the program last year, one of the things that we said was fiscal 2018, we would start to see some of the benefits of the program. We expected that we would reinvest those benefits back in talent in some areas and capabilities. So we talked a lot in our prepared remarks about the digital technology and skill sets that we are enabling in the company that are important for us to drive our – the growth of our brands, certainly, in fiscal 2018 and beyond. So net-net, we are not seeing a flow-through of any of those benefits of Leading Beauty Forward because we are reinvesting them in fiscal 2018. You will start to see more of a flow-through in future years, in 2019 and 2020, and obviously the full benefits of the program in fiscal 2020, 2021.
Tracey Travis: So, you’re right, Lauren, on SMI. We did deliver over $200 million in terms of savings this year and we did expect $150 million. So, we were able to drive additional cost saving programs in certain areas. Next year, we’re expecting around the $150 million to $200 million savings as well. Some of the programs under SMI are dwindling a bit in terms of the opportunity. Some of the actions and programs under Leading Beauty Forward allows us to reignite some of those areas. Indirect procurement would be one of those areas where we managed to get a fair amount of lower hanging fruit in the last two years. We’ve expanded the number of categories now that we are focused on with standing up a new organization. And that should allow us to continue to drive savings in that particular area. So, the classification in total, both in terms of our ongoing cost saving programs and what Leading Beauty Forward is enabling, we expect to have continuous improvement in not just annual cost savings but certainly the leverage of the company as our sales grow.
Tracey Travis: Sure, Jason. So, in terms of over the next three years, you’re absolutely correct that we should – I mean, hopefully, and the macro environment is quite volatile. But as we see currency now becoming more favorable, if currency rates are better than what we have anticipated and reflected in our guidance, there will be upside related to margin. And we certainly would hope to recover some of the margin that we’ve lost from some of the currency hits that we’ve taken over the last few years. In terms of the acquisitions, yes, our acquisitions, if they actually outperform what we have anticipated then that too will allow us greater margin expansion. Right now as you heard, we’re expecting about $0.01 of impact from Too Faced and BECCA. If they perform better this year, that will improve our margins as well. And then Leading Beauty Forward, to the extent that some of those savings get realized earlier, and we have a tremendous amount of momentum against this program. There has been adoption across the company. To the extent that we can actually start realizing some of those savings earlier, then that that also will impact. So, I think we’re pretty confident that we have a lot of irons in the fire in terms of improving margin. What we’re not confident of and hence the reason why we are saying around 50 basis points of margin expansion annually, so that’s an average over the three-year time horizon. Again, it could be 30 bps one year and 70 bps or, like you indicated, 100 bps last year, excluding some of those items. What we’re not confident of is the macro environment. So, we have experienced a fair amount of geopolitical tension and volatility whether it’s in our travel retail channel or in many of our markets. And so, we don’t think it’s prudent for us to not consider that that could be a factor this year and over the next few years. So, whether you call that conservatism or whether you call that prudence, that is certainly contemplated in our guidance. The last thing I would say is we do have a number of new brands that we are building. We’ve done several acquisitions, as you indicated, over the last few years. And we are supporting them in terms of distribution growth and, in many cases, building their presence in markets that – new markets that they’re entering globally. And so, that is factored into our guidance as well.
Tracey Travis: So, just a reminder that that 17% was U.S. department stores. Our department store mix now is about 40% globally, a little over 40% globally. And so, this is one of the first years where actually our overseas department store business is larger than our U.S. department store business. On specialty-multi we talked about on the last call, and with Too Faced and BECCA and what they have added to the specialty-multi channel given their presence, we’re at about 11% in terms of specialty-multi is where we ended the year. And then Dennis talked about where we’re at online, which is in the 9% to 10%, and expecting 11% in this upcoming year. So, that generally is where we’re at.
Tracey Travis: Yes. So, Dana, we expect that freestanding stores will continue to show strong growth. And one of the things that Dennis spoke about is how we are enabling more productivity in our freestanding stores through linking them to more omni-channel capabilities, whether it’s loyalty programs or other things that we are doing to try to keep the consumer in a branded experience leveraging technology and we will continue to do that. So, we certainly recognize that even though online represents 11% of our sales mix, that means 89% is in brick-and-mortar somewhere. And freestanding stores are still – play an important role. There is no question that we are making sure, as we look at opening new freestanding stores, that we are contemplating the online growth in the region and how many points of distribution we need in a particular market so that we can make sure we are not over-saturating any market with brick-and-mortar distribution with the fast growth of online. So, that is factored into our retail plans. As it relates to specialty-multi, specialty-multi has continued to grow quite strongly, both the online sites of specialty-multi which Dennis talked about how he works with all of our retail partners with their online business to make sure our brands are represented well online. But we’re also seeing strong growth in specialty-multi. In the U.S., certainly, ULTA and Sephora, but also in our international markets as well. So, we expect that that, too, will continue as a great alternative for consumers. One of the things that we see and, again, as both Fabrizio and Dennis mentioned, we are getting much better at tracking our consumer and utilizing our consumer information for decision-making. And we see that whether it’s millennials or Gen X or Gen Z or we, ageless, consumers like to shop multiple channels. And so, there’s more choice than ever out there in terms of shopping. Online is very convenient, but in-store offers a different experience. And certainly freestanding stores offer a different experience than specialty-multi, than department stores. But she likes to shop multiple experiences. And so, we are certainly focused on making sure all of our points of distribution, including online, are well-represented from a branding experience.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And on the contour of the cadence, in fact, the activity also – the base of the second six months would be stronger than the base of the first six months. As you remember, we had the first quarter last year at plus 2%, 3%. And so that’s the other factor that we would need to expect. So in our estimate, we do expect a stronger top line in the first six months from the second six months. But we expect also very strong and solid second six months and as we said, a 7% to 8% for the year. On the second question, on your question on Amazon, I mean, we distribute into brand-building distribution, which exercise the key drivers of our prestige beauty including High-Touch services. And so we are ready to distribute in channels where those criterias are fully respected. We do distribute in some global e-commerce platforms like Tmall where those criterias are respected. At this point we do not distribute in Amazon, and in our fiscal year 2018 plan and estimates, there is no distribution in Amazon included.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, no, absolutely, no. We are really strongly collaborating with our partners in department store to increase traffic. And I mentioned that – but I mentioned merchandising. We are relooking at merchandising activity and we are relooking at our counters, at our system of engagements in store, and we are making some progress, in my opinion. But obviously most importantly is the way innovation gets executed, and the way social media gets executed on the innovation is also an important element to contribute to traffic building again. The third big factor, we are working very aggressively with our partners with online. And they’re making excellent progress online, and we are making on our business very good progress on e-commerce with them as well, and that’s also important. The other important thing that e-commerce is increasing the frequency of purchase of our consumers because their repurchase is readily available, and sometimes in the past, people would have waited to repurchase their regular preferred product to the next visit. Now they don’t need to wait. So basically all the gaps of people in usage or repeated usage of product are being filled by the user online. That’s also very true also in the department store channel, and we are leveraging this reality. We are seeing some initial progress in the strong doors, and as I said in my prepared remark, the problem remains in the smaller malls where traffic for the moment is not yet strong. But I’m optimistic that we may see – we may have in front of us a moment of improvement in this area in fiscal year 2018.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. So on the first question, as I said, all of our brand – our company is 100% focused on prestige luxury beauty, meaning that all of our brands without exception are distributed in brand-building distribution proven to have all the driver of prestige. So there will not be exception for brands like – any brand. And Clinique, by the way, is very much a key prestige brand in our portfolio. On Asia, yes, 40% is a big number, so I’m not going to say 40% is sustainable. But a double-digit continuous growth in this moment looks very sustainable because there are several dynamics that are playing in the China situation. First of all, the growth in China is depending a lot from the lower import duty that’s been passed on to pricing into the local product. This has pushed the market. Then the second big dynamic is that the Chinese consumers are passionate about makeup and fragrances more and more. So China historically was really driven by skincare. Today, China is driven by three engines, two of which on a very dynamic growth. So this is proven by our retail growth in quarter four, where we had for example some brands like MAC that just doubled the business in one quarter now, obviously helped by the team who launched. But still, the growth in the same-door brick-and-mortar was outstanding, and the same for our Bobbi Brown and the same for our Estée Lauder makeup, where historically Estée Lauder was very successful on skincare only is now adding a very important leg in makeup. This phenomenon is going to continue, in our opinion, and that’s why it would be sustainable. Third point in China, we see growth from department store, from Sephora, from freestanding store, from online; it’s really across and it’s across all the cities. We are in 170 cities. When we look at our online sales, where the purchases come from, an enormous amount of these purchases come from cities we do not operate in brick-and-mortar, which makes the distribution in China efficient, but also the opportunity to grow new consumers come from cities where we do not operate today. And then finally, the portfolio fragrance is going to get traction for the industry and for us, particularly Jo Malone and Tom Ford at this point. So I believe there is a lot of traction and a lot of fundamentals in China in this moment which is very strong. Now, you asked about Korean brands. Yes, in this moment Korean brands in China are weaker than usual and this may not be the sustainable part of the story. But that’s why I wanted first to explain the sustainable part of the story because I believe that even when the Korea brands demand had to stabilize, I think we will continue to see good traction in China.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. MAC U.S. is improving, that has still been declining in the last quarter. So our expectation is that the brand will improve by better innovation, stronger social media, improvement in store and obviously activities, which are about the assortment and the marketing plans of the brand, which are in evolution to better match the consumer expectation and the consumer evolution. And also the distribution, MAC is still very much exposed in the U.S. to the foot traffic of brick-and-mortar department stores. And so this will be for some time. And so we will – we are working to improve MAC trend in the U.S. as well. But for the moment, we are assuming that MAC in the U.S. will get the majority of the improvement from the marketing I said and from the ULTA distribution that I quoted in my prepared remarks. The rest of the benefit will come from the international business. Most importantly, I want to underline that MAC online in the U.S., as was explained in the prepared remark of Dennis, grew 29% last year and we are expecting this to continue. So in summary, better marketing, better in-store activities, more social media, ULTA distributions, strong online are the positives that should create the improvements of MAC And we are for the moment not assuming an enormous improvement in the brick-and-mortar department store part in our estimates but we are working on it actively.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. I’ll start with – to say your question is if the consumer will get accustomed to promotion. I mean, they are – consumers are segmented, and there are certain consumers that do wait for promotional opportunities to buy and this is not new. This has always been the case. And there are other consumers that don’t. But on average, I just want to make you think that the growing part of the business is the non-promoted one. And the growing – the fastest-growing channels are the channels that promote the least. And so in total, I would say that prestige beauty is from a consumer standpoint is an industry that need a moderate amount of promotions. And then where there are excessive promotions is a short-term event that generally doesn’t generate a change in consumer behaviors. And then I think Tracey will address Leading Beauty Forward.
Fabrizio Freda: So I’m not sure I understand completely the question. But no, we don’t see any change in the dynamic of the industry. Actually, let me take the opportunity to explain one important thing. Obviously, the industry is based on trial and repurchase. What the change of the last few years is that the trial activity has become more competitive. There are more brands that have been in some cases promotions, they’ve been more active. And so, the world of trial has become more competitive. But the world of trial tends to be an investment. The world of repurchase, loyalty, actually has not changed a lot. The loyalty level on our brands are improving in some cases, stable in others. The repurchase rate remains very high for our hero SKUs. So, what’s happening is that the repurchase is still driven by product quality and by product performance and by brand loyalty. And those things are not changing much less. Now, it happened that the majority of the profitability is in the repurchase gain. And so, the brands and the companies that own the repurchase gain are owning more of the profit and more of the cash. And the trial gain which is becoming more competitive is what we are all reacting to, improving our social media activation, our innovation, our activation in-store and all the rest. Promotion is only one element of how this is evolving and, frankly, not the biggest one in my opinion.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, I would like to take the opportunity of this question to make one thing noticeable, that we have double-digit growth in many of these channels. But if you just take the combination of travel retail, specialty-multi, online, you arrive, just with these three, at well about one-third of the company. And this is growing very strongly and very double-digit, more than 20% each one of these channels, et cetera. So, we are in a situation from a channel diversification that we have more than one-third of the company growing in the high-20s and that’s very, very strong. So, the channel mix is actually a great point of our strategy of multiple engines of growth and diversification and is one of the key element which is building momentum.
Fabrizio Freda: So, yes, in our plans, there is a stabilization of the U.S. business without BECCA and Too Faced and absolutely. That’s what we are aiming for and working for. And the second question, we believe that we can open more distribution points than what will be closed. And so, this will be – is in our numbers. There’s still a net improvement of consumer reach in our plans.
Fabrizio Freda: In terms of innovation, we have one of the strongest innovation pipelines. As I said in my prepared remarks, the innovation in fiscal 2018 will be also very focused on reinforcing the existing very strong franchises which are in all brands – Too Faced, Peach or Better Than Sex, Estée Lauder Advanced Night Repair, Double Wear, Clinique taking the Fresh Pressed concept to the next level, et cetera, et cetera. So, there is a lot of buildup. You are now going to see one blockbuster which is a high-return, high-risk. You’re going to see every brand to have three, five, big serious initiative well-focused by category. And the portfolio of innovation of the company to cover all the opportunity by sub-category and region in a much more sophisticated way than we did in the past, thanks to better analytic and better preplanning.
Fabrizio Freda: No. Frankly, this is very small. I mean, only one small fragrance brand is really in these impairment. And then one very small brand that was part of the acquisition before. And most of the other brands are growing double-digit, triple-digit, out of our [indiscernible] where we’re including the small brands where we have an impairment on. They are all growing double-digit or triple-digit. And in the case of the impairment, it actually is a timing issue. So, frankly, no. We believe our acquisitions have been very successful and there is only one brand that has a small delay which in the context of the many acquisition that we have done is frankly not relevant. We are very satisfied with acquisition and we believe that BECCA and Too Faced and the other acquisition we have done particularly in the fragrances, or GLAMGLOW for example, are extremely successful and will continue to be a big part of our growth.
