Tracey Thomas Travis: All right, Steve, great questions. So one of the things that we have done historically, and I think many of you recognize that, is -- in the fourth quarter, if we are having a good year and generating incremental savings, not only from our cost savings initiatives but also from the momentum of the business, we take the opportunity to invest behind some of the strong growth drivers that we have to not only end the year strong but also position ourselves for the upcoming fiscal year. So that is what we plan to do this year. So the fourth quarter investment is a combination of planned investment that we had targeted for -- in the second quarter that, if the third quarter was strong, we would reinvest back into the fourth quarter in those brands that are showing momentum. So that's a piece of it. And the other is, as I had mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were a bit prudent in the third quarter, recognizing that we had some weather challenges in North America. And we were expecting an acceleration in sales. So we wanted to make sure that, that momentum occurred before we spent as heavily behind some of the marketing programs for the new product launches that we had in the third quarter. And obviously, the third quarter results that we just announced, support that. So the fourth quarter contains continuous support around the turnaround plans for Estée Lauder and Clinique. We do have new product launches again in the third quarter, and we -- in the fourth quarter, and we'll be supporting both the launches we did in the third quarter as well as in the fourth quarter with that investment. We have additional investment supporting the momentum at M-A-C, Tom Ford and Jo Malone, again, in line with the tremendous growth that we've seen out of those brands this year. We did have a bit of a delay in some of the M-A-C store openings that we had planned in the third quarter, and we'll now have a fair amount of M-A-C store openings opening in the fourth quarter. So that's also putting some additional investment pressure on the fourth quarter. And then we'll continue to invest in some of the corporate capabilities that we have outlined for you all year. We have a ramp-up in spending in R&D, information technology, HR and in digital. So those are generally the areas. Regarding our outlook over the next couple of years, you're correct. We will, in August, update what the impact of foreign exchange has been on our long-term outlook. And Fabrizio, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yes. No, we obviously -- with our expansion of direct to consumer, we are seeing shifts in our expense lines, so we're seeing faster growth of store operating expenses, occupancy expenses, and to Fabrizio's point, we are seeing shifts from advertising and promotion as those brands are growing slower than the brands that certainly are expanding from a direct-to-consumer standpoint. As far as your question on our expectations in the third quarter and what shifted to the fourth quarter, we had about $30 million of advertising that shifted -- advertising and promotion that shifted from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. And again, that allows us to advertise both the launches that we had in the third quarter as well as the ones we are going to do in the fourth quarter.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. Thanks, Wendy. I'll take the first part, and Fabrizio will take the second part. So again, we're not going to give guidance, obviously, for fiscal '16. But certainly, as we indicated, we do plan to support Estée Lauder and Clinique as they continue to respond to both the new product launches and differential advertising and mixture of traditional advertising in TV, in print as well as increasing levels of digital advertising that we would expect to spend more in fiscal '16 on both of those brands. However, given the mix of shifts that we're seeing with the faster growth of other brands, that does not necessarily mean that when you look at our advertising and promotion line, you will see deleverage. Quite the opposite. I think you'll continue to see us leverage marketing, advertising and promotion with the growth that we are seeing in the makeup artist brands and some of our direct-to-consumer channels.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. So Ali, I'll take the inventory question. We are aggressively working with our organization to manage inventory turnover and to improve inventory turnover, and you're seeing the beginning results of that now. So we spoke about it last year that post-SMI, we'd have the opportunity to really leverage the tool and start to drive some of the supply chain opportunities from an organizational standpoint, everything from improved forecasting to improved flow of inventory and movement of inventory throughout our supply chain and to our consumers, so -- our customers and our consumers. So that's happening. We have talked in the past about a target of 1 40. We have not given a time frame as it relates to that. We are aggressively working towards achieving that goal and being able to commute -- or to communicate a more specific time frame for you as it relates to that goal. So you can expect an inventory update from us on the August call along with our 3-year outlook.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. We will update that and you asked to get a sense of the situation. We have today, 0.4 point of margin. We should be fed [ph] by the acquisitions. I just want to clarify, this is going to be about 18 months in -- so it's not a long-term impact because the -- at the end, these acquisitions will be, over time, margin accretive, and the cost of the acquisition will be reabsorbed in 18 months. So the impact on currency that you are in, today is about 0.5 point, if currency -- if we had to go back to the currencies. And we are working internally to look at way in which to operate this with more savings or other activity that will probably -- we plan to work around this current currency situation. But anyway, the currency in the long term could also change again, so we don't know. And so we will come with a point of view in August on what is the right balance for the future.
Fabrizio Freda: So to answer the first question, I will like Dennis [ph] to say a few words. But today, we have 8% of our global business online. I hope you were impressed as much we are by the progress that's been done online and by the potential in the long term. In the countries, which are more developed like U.S., we have about 12% of our business, we believe that in China, China is -- could be 20% of our business in the long term being online the way the country is progressing, the way the other categories are progressing in this area. We're at the beginning of the journey in China where we are very well advanced in the U.S. I don't know, Dennis [ph], if you want to add anything.
Fabrizio Freda: And on New Dimension, we are very excited about this new launch of the Estée Lauder brand. We believe that the contouring category is a new trend, so there are many, many consumers around the world which are enthusiastic about entering this category and experimenting what the experience can be. The product is excellent, does a fantastic job, so we have a great formula, and we have great plans. And I hope, as I explained in my prepared remarks, that we plan to start from the United States in July and then roll out internationally as of September, which is also clarifying the way we think of giving our best shot to accelerate the U.S. market.
Fabrizio Freda: So I'll take this one. So our -- the percentage of innovation as part of our sales -- every year percent of new product is increasing. We have done great progress in the last years, and we have increased this significantly slightly ahead of the market. And obviously, the more the acceleration of the industry is in makeup, the more, obviously, this is innovation intensive. Because makeup in term of number of product launch is more intensive than any other category. And so we are very well prepared. We will continue to be ahead of the industry average in terms of the ability to innovate, exercise creativity and launch new products. The -- however, how we are doing it, as I think I explained in my remarks, we are doing it analyzing the markets, analyzing what's big and what's growing the fastest. And third, anticipating and inventing new breakthrough areas. So the combination of focused innovation on what's big, what's growing and inventing the new is basically our program. And in total, this will constitute a continuing increase of innovation year-after-year.
Fabrizio Freda: I just noticed I didn't answer the previous question on pricing, which was the mix with the millennials. So I'll start from that -- is the fact -- the entry price point products are obviously more successful with the millennial at a high-end luxury. But this doesn't mean that the entry price point products are less profitable for us. So actually, the mix of entry price profit -- entry price product in prestige for us is a favorable mix. And so we don't see any pressure from this trend. On the contrary, it's a good trend. Now going back to the question on pricing versus our category. Now we have of your articulated pricing process and pricing strategy globally. We as a group or team internally measure price and price evolution, impact of currency changes and, obviously, what competition does around the world constantly. This has happened already since few years. And so we don't see any need of changing our strategy nor our processes. We just will continue to execute the process of amortization, the process of responding to currency changes, the process of responding to competitive needs and obviously, most importantly, to consumer desires. And we have -- and we'll continue in that direction like we have seen in the last year. So we don't see a big change, in other words.
Fabrizio Freda: Sure. And let me say first of all, yes, we are postponing some advertising to the fourth quarter, as Tracey explained. That's why -- let me refer to the total year because your comment anyway is correct. We have, in percentage, advertised leverage on the total year. Even if by quarter, this is assessed by [ph] swing where we invest more on the initiative, we choose to support more. But for the total year, this is absolutely a correct statement. Our absolute level of advertising is basically flat. But in percentage of sales, we are leveraging it. So why this is happening? First of all, within the advertising, there is a swing toward digital that has an impact, and in many countries today, is still a positive impact. Second, there is a fact that our traditional brand, which are typically more advertised, Estée Lauder and Clinique, as you know are not the ones which are driving the growth the fastest. On the contrary, the fastest-growing brands such as M-A-C or Jo Malone or La Mer or Bobbi Brown are not advertised the traditional way. They're advertised more in digital, but most importantly, a lot of what we consider their marketing is in their freestanding stores and is in areas which -- where the cost is somewhere else, it's not on the advertising line. And so in some of these brands, we are not necessarily leveraging the support to the brand, just changing line where you will find it, as Tracey explained. I don't know if, Tracey, you want to add anything on that.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And Wendy, on the cream is -- first of all, Clinique has an outstanding DDML lotion business, which is loved by consumers and is preferred in many parts of the world. But for example, the cream form is very preferred in Europe. And we have seen, for example, on the Estée Lauder brand, that some years ago, developed a cream called Supreme for Europe in a cream form. This being one of the key drivers in that region of the Lauder brand, and now also Clinique will have a cream-preferred form that will have, first of all, a completely different regional relevance. In the U.S., the cream is very preferred with people with drier skin. In fact, today, in our profile of Clinique, we have an opportunity to have much higher market share for DDML in the area of people with dry skin. So there is a white space, an extra business, noncannibalizing, which is a big next [ph] extra opportunity with this initiative, in our opinion, in every country of the world.
Fabrizio Freda: So the -- in this moment, we expect these 2 brands to be in the fiscal year on a slight decline this fiscal year, and we are working to where next year is light positive and then over time, accelerate more. But that's basically to answer your question. That's why I keep saying it will take about 12, 18 months to see a turnaround and then an acceleration. But for the moment, you need to expect the least. That's our forecast, from a slight decline to a slight positive. Then, however, we'll have a very positive input on the overall company acceleration, particularly if the rest of the business remain as solid and vibrant as it is today.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And so just to say, obviously, the complexity will actually improve with all the plans that Tracey just explained, so even if we deal with more innovation and more specific targets and more local relevance -- by the way, you didn't mention but it is another driver of complexity. But the way we are operating and the concept with SMI that we will definitely be ready to manage this complexity, and the complexity will improve. Now so going back to the millennial is that I just -- it's good news. The millennials love our products. And when we talk directly to them and talk to them the way they want to be talked to, they really love our products. And the social media impacts of some, for example, of the millennial spokesmodels that now we have just impressive and amazing, and this is driving our communication with millennials. One proof of that, Dennis [ph] just spoke about our vibrant online business. This online business is driven mainly by the millennials, and this is one of the fastest-growing parts of our business. And the other thing I want to say, we do this also internally to prepare the company to be able to speak to millennial. We are making sure that Estée Lauder company will be a great place where the millennial want to work in. And we, senior management, are working with millennials regularly, and we have programs to make sure that we listen to them more regularly to understand also, not only what they want as a consumer but also as a professional and how we can work together and modernize the thinking of the company even internally. So it's a big process. We are really embracing the need to modernize, and we are embracing the millennial generation as a generation that can help us modernizing as professionals and as consumers.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And on skincare, in my opinion, the best way -- first of all, skincare remains the biggest and one of the fastest growing together with makeup now categories around the world. So Ali, you are referring to skincare U.S., which definitely needs to accelerate. But skincare is driving around the world. In Asia, it continued to be, by far, the biggest category and growing. So skincare U.S. came a maximum [ph] benefit mainly from some amazing breakthrough innovation that will drive and continue push the consumer interest. And that's our main focus. And then, yes, the skincare can also benefit from -- thanks to this innovation, getting more traffic and more interest in department store about the skincare and creating more animation in store and more activity. And then the skincare continues to grow online in a very successful way, which shows, again, the potential of it when it's well targeted. And finally, you mentioned the specialty channel, which has been, for the moment, more focused on makeup and has been -- the specialty China has been one of the key drivers behind the makeup acceleration. As far as the specialty channel and the methodology of breakthrough in-store activation used by the specialty channel will translate into skincare. I think this will further accelerate prestige skincare also in the U.S.
Unknown Executive: Yes. I think, first of all, we're pleased with the growth in China. We're going to more than double our business this year. We expect in the next few years that our business will be about 20-plus percent, as Fabrizio mentioned. It is a business that's quite new for us online in the market. And in the current quarter, it basically performed as well as the U.K. in terms of the size of the business. So it's become, essentially in this past quarter, equal to our #2 business and growing at triple digits. So we're very pleased.
Unknown Executive: Yes. As to the margin contribution of the online business, we don't break that out publicly. It's different, frankly, by market and by region. I will tell you that it is in the group of the highest contributors of margin to the company. So we're up in the realm of the groups that contribute the most margin to the operating margin of the company.
Unknown Executive: Yes. So the first thing we do is we look in each country, in each market at fit for each particular brand. We would prefer to support authorized retailers in our brick-and-mortar relationships as each one of our -- as they're important to each one of our brands. We do look at other opportunities in each market. For instance, the Tmall opportunity in China is a unique business model. It allows us to run our own freestanding stores, if you will, shop-in-shop online. And we do look around the globe at other fits for our brands. But our preference is to start and to build our business with our authorized retailers and help them grow their online business and our brand business with them.
Unknown Executive: Yes. So it's a great question. Actually, online, as you're alluding to, we can capture so much consumer insights, and we are starting to really use those in all areas of the business, not only in our marketing for the total business in every channel, but also in product development, in R&D. And we're really getting so much feedback from our consumers, and we're using all of those data insights, which frankly differ by market and by brand around the world, but we're able to collect those globally because we have one global technology platform. And we're sharing them throughout the company to make better decisions and better strategies and better products.
