Cedric Prouvé: Yes, so if I understood the question, you're asking how we think the emerging market mix is going to evolve in the future. We have a pretty robust process where we have established a framework for all of our '13, '14 emerging markets, looking at them through 2022. I don't have the exact number in mind, but what I would tell you is that with the CAGR that we are experiencing with these emerging markets, we expect that we would probably double their size in the next 4, 5 years. And I think you asked a question about travel retail. Travel retail fundamentals remain very strong. And as we see these emerging populations accessing to travel and we are really growing in key populations that are going to travel increasingly, whether it's the Chinese or the Russians or Middle East or Turkey or Brazilians, so we are seeing an impact not only in the market but, of course, the destination. We think we also have a project on travel retail that would take us to doubling the sales.
Cedric Prouvé: Yes, so this is a big topic for international, but of course, we are very focused on the rollout of our sites around the world. You know the prospective now, it's 6% for total company. In some of our international markets, we are passing 10%, like the U.K. And in some of the emerging markets, we are, of course, in the very early stages of development. In terms of the sites, it's important for us to develop the sites. We have our own sites, and we have retailer sites. In general, what we see is that retailer sites tend to grow a little bit faster, so we have a program to actually help our retail partners developing their online business as well, because initially, there's always a little bit of reluctance and protection of their brick-and-mortar business. What we see that's very important is the future of omni-channel, where actually, we need to integrate online and offline and we get much better consumer efficiency.
Cedric Prouvé: And for China, we are the #1 group and we're the #1 brand. But we have stable market share for the year-to-date, and we lost a little bit of market share in the quarter.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Great question. So yes, I mean, clearly, the buildup that we saw in this quarter was to support that last major wave of SMI. And certainly, the higher levels that we've carried over the last couple of years have somewhat been driven by the rollout of SMI. So we expect inventory levels to start to steadily come down in fiscal '15, which will certainly free up more cash for us. As I said in my prepared remarks, as we look at our free cash flow, we'd look at the mix of distribution to shareholders that is excess -- outside of any acquisitions that we might be planning to do to redistribute. And that certainly will be what we do in the coming months when we believe we will have even more free cash flow available.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yes, the only thing I'll add to that is that for the full year, we expect our marketing expense as a percent of sales to be slightly leveraged, so you won't see 170 basis points every quarter. But to Fabrizio's point, it does depend on the brand launch activity and the brand support activity, obviously, but we do expect to see a slight leverage this year, full year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yes. And the only thing I will add to that is one of the things that has worked incredibly well for us over the last few years is the opportunity to both identify and deliver cost savings, as well as invest for the future. So much of what we are experiencing this year is related to investments that we have made in previous years to set up some of our midterm brands for more success, as an example. And we would expect to continue to do that over the next few years. Certainly, SMI gives us a new tool to leverage cost savings, where -- versus some of the prior programs that we have. So we are, as I said in my prepared remarks, quite excited about moving forward in this next journey. We will update all of our goals in the August call. That will be margin, sales, as well as working capital. And as the board authorizes capital structure, we'll update those goals as well.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So on your first question, our e-commerce business is approximately 6% of our total business. There are some markets that are more highly concentrated than others, so the U.S. and the U.K. have more developed e-commerce businesses, e-, m-commerce businesses. And in those markets, the percent of sales are about 10%. And again, that includes both our sites, as well as our customer retailer sites. We are and have seen terrific growth in various markets of the e-commerce business. And certainly, Cedric talked about China, and I'll let him expand on the second part of your question in a moment. And we invest where we see high adoption in terms of e- and m-commerce and where we see -- where we have a brand presence as well so that we can leverage both in-store visibility and consumer availability, as well as e- and m-commerce visibility.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yes, I would say with those gives and takes, we were up -- we were still up around 8%. So Japan, again, is a large market for us but in the whole scheme of things, from a total company standpoint, would not significantly impact our results -- our segment results, yes, not our total company results for the quarter.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay, let me [indiscernible] for that question, Ali. In terms of the 6% to 7%, and again, we quoted a lot of numbers on the call with all of the moving parts, so I can understand some of the confusion. And I think the press release does a good job of laying it out when you can refer to it. The 6% to 7% for the full year still does exclude the SMI shift. And obviously, we introduced the new SMI shift for the fourth quarter, but it also excludes that, so that is an SMI-adjusted number of 6% to 7%. What we spoke about was the $125 million to $150 million of advanced shipments we'll see in our fourth quarter are worth about $0.14 to $0.17 of EPS growth for the year, but that is including the next SMI shift. But the 6% to 7% is clean of SMI.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. So for China, Wendy, the comp or the same-store sales growth in the quarter was minus 7%. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the total growth was low single digits, but the comp door sales growth was minus 7%. In terms of SMI and thinking about next year, so we go live in January. We have our normal hyper care period for 3 months, so the team remains in place in order to support that activity. And then we can begin the process of decommissioning legacy systems. From a cost standpoint, I think we'll be able to update more holistically in August some of that activity. There is some savings, though, related to your point of the decommissioning of those systems.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So on the shipments, you're correct. We did ship product in the U.S., particularly in the March time frame, to support some April activity. We talked about the Clinique gift that shifted into the fourth quarter from the third quarter, as well as some other activity as well. So that's why you see the disconnect in the third quarter. And that's why we spoke about retail softness, although the numbers from a net standpoint didn't necessarily reflect that.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So on Japan, Javier, both Cedric and I spoke about Japan. It's about 4% of our total sales. The market has been performing strongly this year up until, certainly, the third quarter, where obviously, the sales growth accelerated. So even prior to the VAT increase, Japan had been up mid-single digits. In the third quarter, Japan was up high double digits, and that is in advance of, obviously, the April VAT increase, where the VAT went from 5% to 8%. So Cedric spoke about a little bit of softness post VAT in the April time frame, but we would expect that Japan would recover to that mid-single-digit level based on some of the strong programs that we have in the market right now with Clinique and others.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. On marketing, I'll -- so yes, there is more efficiency that we are making, and there are several things driving the efficiency. First of all, we have an internal project, which is adjusting our investment measured with greater return on these investments. So for example, we are adjusting down some of our television advertising activities and up other areas like digital and in-store and print as a result of some of these learnings that we had across initiatives. So this is about increasing rate of return on every single penny we spend. Second, the overall percent that you save on marketing can be impacted by the kind of innovation we have. For example, if we launch a big innovation in skin care on our big brands like Lauder or Clinique, this tends to be carrying more advertising investment than some of our makeup artist brands. So the mix between innovation across brands has an impact. Second, the mix by country has an impact. There are some countries which are more advertising-driven such as U.S. and other countries which are less advertising-driven such as some of the emerging markets. So overall, given the mix evolution of our business, given our rate of return improvements, we are confident that we can leverage our marketing expenses, still continue to spend more against our key opportunity and initiatives. In terms of gift-with-purchase, yes, we see the gift-with-purchase being less efficient than what it used to be in the past. That's why we are evolving and learning how to adjust our promotional strategy and how also, frankly, to improve the existing gift-with-purchase activity to make them more efficient for the future and more effective. Tracey, I don't know if you want to add something.
Fabrizio Freda: No. Frankly, I think it's very difficult to quantify because this will depend -- that's exactly what we are doing. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are trying to adjust our business, reflecting the opportunity around the world to being flexible to respond to the various opportunity as they evolve. So it's very difficult to give you details at such level of complex mix element that we have around the world. But internal overall trend, you're right. That's exactly the point we are making. There is a leverage opportunity over time. And the way we are programming our strategy, basically, we call it compass, the way we are working our 5-, 10-year vision and compass of our mix of countries, channels, brands is designed to leverage, to leverage our gross margin, to leverage our marketing expenses to become, over time -- and to go in the right direction. However, you need to also assume that this change of model also bring new costs in some other aspect and areas of the P&L. For example, freestanding stores bring some other area of cost. And importantly, the mix -- the more we grow skin care globally, the more we can leverage all these aspects in our P&L.
Fabrizio Freda: And the last part of your question was m-commerce. So our m-commerce in the quarter was just doubling versus last year. So you're right. The growth of m is really, really strong.
Fabrizio Freda: Your 3 observations are correct. There has been some element of stocking these 3 things, but they are not significant numbers.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, we saw a weak first quarter, as we explained, for several reasons, like weather, Easter and the 53rd week, et cetera. So what we see, we believe that we would see some recovery of the trend in the U.S. overall in the market. We are confident that the U.S. market has the potential to continue growing in the mid-single digits for the long term and to continue growing faster than mass. Within that, the mid-tier department stores are going to be the critical issue in terms of acceleration because, as you know, the rest of online, specialty, freestanding stores are, today, having strongest trend than mid-tier department stores. But mid-tier department store acceleration is going to be supported by our innovation in the next 12 months, which is going to be strengthened, to be innovation, which is less cannibalizing. We call it white space innovation. It should bring new consumer and accelerate the trend again, particularly in the skin care area.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, R&D 1% is -- we actually invest the majority of our R&D activity in skin care. So if you calculate the percent of your investment on the skin care sales, this is actually a higher number. That's one point. And then it's not necessarily apples-with-apples because we have other activities that support our innovation. And last, we -- our innovation program is based a lot in connect and develop with other groups, meaning with the suppliers, with university, with other experts. So we leverage capabilities which are outside of the company with our R&D program in a very profound way.
Fabrizio Freda: So the question on the U.S. market share is -- the answer, sorry, on the U.S. market share, we are, by far, the leader in the U.S. We're more than double the second competitor and around 39% overall share. When you look at our quarter and our year, we are doing a very solid results in makeup. Also, please keep in mind that the retail numbers you see is only 60% of our business. The rest is not covered like freestanding store, online, et cetera. So the makeup, very solid. We are growing market share in fragrance and in hair care. We are growing faster than the market online in specialty, our luxury brands. So the specific issue in the U.S. market share is skin care in mid-tier department stores, and we need to address this issue with the non-cannibalizing skin care innovation that we have been describing the course of this call, in our prepared remarks. That's exactly our plan. That's exactly the area of focus that -- the area of softness that we will address with skin care innovation in the next 12 months to go back growing also skin care market share within prestige in the U.S.
Fabrizio Freda: So I want first to address the China thing, and then we -- the Japan numbers. China, actually, it continued to be a very strong market. I want to clarify that slowdown means that it's gone from double-digit growth in the market to single-digit growth in the market but still remains one of the fastest-growing markets in the world. Second point is China, the decline -- or the stabilization or market growth in Tier 1 city of China is what is seen in the number. Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 cities continued to grow. China online business continued to grow, and China freestanding store and specialty channels continued to grow nicely. So the last point is on your issue of productivity. China is still, today, the, by far, most productive market per door. Just a number -- our doors in China are 5x more productive on average than our doors in the U.S. So a certain decrease on sales per door is to be expected with a strong increase in distribution that is happening and the fact that internal travelers, which are 350 million, now find the product in their city of origins, thanks to online and increased distribution in Tier 2 and Tier 3. So the decline of same-door sales in China is expected and, by the way, will not impact profitability for many years to go because, as I said, it's the most productive market per door of the world as we speak. And the other...
Fabrizio Freda: Frankly, I think it's a great question because it's actually true that in this moment, meaning the last 6, 9 months, has been tougher to move people from mass into prestige than it used to be. In fact, you see also in our portfolio the growth of luxury brands is much stronger than the entry price of prestige brands. And in fact, that's why, again, in our prepared remarks, we are explaining that we are turning our focus more balanced into gaining market share within prestige with the kind of innovation we are launching also and a non-cannibalizing one. That, however, is, as you say, a short-term point, meaning that's what is the right to do in this moment. I believe, frankly, that in the long term, the sourcing from mass strategy will continue to be the way to grow the category in prestige, that the middle-class growth will fuel the prestige market. Now in the U.S., this may be slower than in this moment than in other markets, but globally, this is still the clear trend, even today in total. So you're right, but I don't think this is a long-term trend. I think this is just a short-term U.S.-specific adjustment that, in fact, we are doing.
Fabrizio Freda: No. Actually, as we explained in the last years, in the majority of our emerging markets, we start to build a business in a way which is accretive and not dilutive to the other -- to the company after a certain amount of year of investment, obviously. So the growing level of the profitability in the emerging markets tends to be in line or accretive to the margin, so we don't see an issue of this kind. Also, the expansion of international contains an important share of travel retail and online. And as you know, those will continue to be among the fastest segments in the international growth, and they are very profit-accretive. And finally, within the emerging market, we tend to choose and prioritize the ones which are more accretive and the brands that we use to build emerging markets. Take this is mind in a very important way. So net, I don't believe the expansion of new channel and new emerging market will be a dilutive risk. If anything, it's one of the mix element that, over time, will play in favor of building our profitability.
