Fabrizio Freda: Yes, so on the China question, first of all, we had some soft consumer sentiment in the recent period that drove this lower prestige sales growth. However, first of all, we remain very optimistic about the long term opportunity in China and continue to invest for growth. The second point is you asked about the brand health and what’s changing. Our brands are really, really strong. The retail sales growth has been much better than the net growth, and have been extraordinary, double-digit growth on many of our brands, particularly in luxury, like La Mer, Tom Ford, Jo Malone, Bobbi Brown, Kilian, Frederic Malle and Aveda, also Le Labo continues to track. In terms of market share, importantly we gained market share over the fiscal year in quarter two, despite there was a small reduction from market share in quarter two, but we gained market share in skin care category 80 points, we gained in fragrances, we gained in healthcare, and there are several important of our--many of our brands, we had really top ranks in 11.11.  Another element to support the strength of our equity is the freestanding store double-digit growth both in total and in live doors in mainland China, and I should also mention the strength in Hong Kong, where we grew substantial market share, in part reflecting success with the Chinese consumers.  Where we go from here? As I said, we are going to continue to invest in China and we believe we have a great team there and determination to continue building market share, winning in the long term. The first step is building our distribution in winning online channels, that this will continue, particularly accelerating the win in the short term, and continue to build market share in new cities in brick and mortar, where I would like to underline is in quarter two, we grew substantial brick and mortar market share in China. We’ll also continue to leverage our current trend where retail sales [indiscernible] and we will support very strong holiday plans, which as you know, there is a high concentration of sales in China during the various holiday plans in the course of a year.  We also believe that there is a particularly strong opportunity in the luxury area, around our luxury brands, which as I said are doing very well, and I’m referring to Estée Lauder Re-Nutriv launch that we mentioned in the prepared remarks. La Mer, Tom Ford, Le Labo, Bobbi Brown have extraordinary aggressive plans. Strong innovation plans in H2, by the way, will continue and will accelerate, leveraging the new laboratory in Shanghai, which is an important opportunity for us. It is important--you asked what is changing in the various other aspects, so in the relationship with travel retail and in the managing of the overall pricing and promotions across the China consumer framework, we have dramatically improved the model or the process between the China team and the PR team in making decisions about promotionality, pricing, channel prioritization, and this is working better and better for the future.  Also about the development of local brands, for the moment they are mainly in mass. We completely acknowledge there will be a continuous development of local brands, and the strength of our innovation and the differentiation of our brands is going to be key, and so we’ll continue to invest in this [indiscernible] and in the strengths. The investment in our local lab, that will develop a lot of local innovation, is part of the answer to how to compete in this evolving environment as well. Last, we are shortening the supply chain with a factory in Asia Pacific and the ability to plan more accordingly to demand, and to be more agile in responding to demand is the added big capability that will increase the flexibility, the agility of our China team in following demand.  Net, we have a strong business in China, we have strong market share, and we are determined to continue to invest for the long term in China.
Fabrizio Freda: As you know, we are working on this for some time, and the way we address it is that we are going to continue to increase the focus on high growth channels. We have done some extraordinary improvement in the specialty channel in the last year, and that will continue to be our focus. We are also obviously focusing our support to our department store partners where we have high market share, and we are managing this business carefully, and we are continuing to accelerate online with various opportunities that we have in this world, and the consumer is shopping more and more omnichannel, and so we are going to continue to put focus on the opportunity of omnichannel growth that we have in the United States. That’s what we are doing, and you will see this strategy to be implemented step by step in the next 12 months, accordingly, to these opportunities.
Fabrizio Freda: Then your question in agility, there are two measures of agility that we look at as very important. One is agility in responding to volatility faster in reallocating resources, so the action in this area has been the shortening of our supply chain in Asia, for example, and the various aspects--even the way we are repositioned. We are leveraging the historical heritage position of Clinique and doubling down on it in active derma, the way we are leveraging The Ordinary strength in active derma, so in other words how we are responding to the consumer trend of active derma now very decisively, so those are elements of agility. We want to improve our ability to do these things faster and more promptly in the future. The other aspect of the agility is the way we go to market, so reaction to, for example, the new platforms. We are learning how to operate with Tiktok globally; much more, we are focusing on earned media value much more our organization, including resource allocation but also the training and the development and the understanding of the various models. We are doing this is all markets for the world at the same time. We are modernizing our promotional models and making them more relevant to the current consumer trends, and importantly as an umbrella concept, we are becoming more and more able to react to trends. There are two kinds of trends we are working our organizational development on. The first is the long term trends, the fundamental changes in consumer preferences, where frankly we have been always pretty strong, and we are further refining these abilities. Then there are the short term trends, the trends that can change in a week, in a month of what’s going to be popular online in a certain country, in a certain moment, where we have developed better and better models to react to short term trends with our brands, with our execution, with our resource allocation. And by the way, the work on organization of the profit recovery plan is also pillared to improve our ability in both these areas, meaning the agility in resource allocation and the agility in reacting to trends and to the new models of marketing around the world.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, and on the different retailers, the retail channels, we obviously support every one of the retail channels, so specialty multi, department store. Every retail channel is going to be supported more and more in a tailored way, meaning tailoring to their model, to their strategy, to their specific consumer profiles, and this will be very different country by country. There are countries where certain channels grow faster than others and maybe the opposite happens in other countries, so it’s not about their preferences are changing, the strategy is about tailoring the strategy to each channel, supporting every one of our customers. At the end, the result of this is that the mix of our business in every country of the world will be focused on growth. It will be focused and leveraging the channels that the consumer is in that specific moment we choose, or the different target of consumer we choose in every channel, so it’s about tailoring to all the opportunities wherever they are.
Fabrizio Freda: I’d just like to add one point, is that as you said, the $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion being defined as extra profitability, which means that the reinvestment part in building our brands and accelerating growth comes from more savings than what we define as extra profit, so to be fair, there will be more savings. Some of them will be reinvested in consumer-facing growth acceleration, and the $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion is our target for extra profitability, and that’s why we have been very clear on that. The investment in growth that will be done, or the extra investment in growth for the future that we want to develop capabilities for, are for consumer-facing. We are not planning to invest in many new capabilities; rather, we want to leverage the capabilities we have built in the last period in a very efficient way, so that’s the way to think, I believe, about the profit recovery plan.
Fabrizio Freda: On the unstructured market, our focus is on travelers and travelers converting, and that is getting better and better around the world, just to be clear, apart from the China situation that we have discussed many times. In the rest of the world, there is extraordinary progress in this area, double digits, in some cases triple digits in every market of the world, so this will happen more and more, also in China, also in Korea, and also in the part which has been the slowest to recover in that direction. So first part of the answer is the focus to continue growing in travelers and continuously improving the travelers’ conversion. As we are seeing from the data of the market, the travelers has been improving very, very nicely, but the conversion of the travelers for the moment is below expectations. The unstructured market as such is reducing, and I want to say it’s reducing also for regulations for the intentions of the government, so the retailers, so there is a trend to reduce the amount, and obviously this is also what we are doing, and so the way you should expect is that the unstructured market will be reduced, in my opinion will reduce also as a market, but will be reducing for us. It will be reducing in a gradual way as the travelers improve and increase over time. 
Tracey Travis: Thanks Oliver. I’ll start with the inventory levels.  You know, we’ve made significant progress, as we said in our prepared remarks, on inventory and bringing down the levels of inventory in the trade that were high in pockets of Asia travel retail. We are pretty comfortable that we will be able to bring those down to levels that are healthier, that are expected to drive regular replenishment levels and therefore be the net sales accelerator that we have embedded in our guidance for the second half of the year. In addition, what we spoke about is we’ve also, at the same time of bringing down inventory levels in the trade, brought inventory levels down in-house, and that is part of the benefit that we saw in terms of the cash improvement in the quarter, and we expect with the tools that we’ve invested in and having healthier levels of inventory overall, largely driven by the pull down in production that we did in the first quarter that we spoke about, that we are going to be in much better shape as we support some of the upcoming innovation that we have, as well as in the future in terms of bringing inventory levels into better control.  Obviously the investment that we’ve done, as Fabrizio mentioned, in our Asia supply chain allows us to have shorter lead times in the region and be able to better manage any volatility that may occur in the future, now that we have a plant and an R&D center in the region, so all of those things help us in terms of creating better inventory agility, being able to produce faster to market demand than we have been in the past.
Tracey Travis: We have a pretty sophisticated, Dana, pricing model for new product launches, and I think we had spoken about it even under the profit recovery plan, making sure that our new product launches actually are accretive to our overall margin, so we have actually cut some of our new product launches that were planned for fiscal ’25 in order to do that, and re-looked at our innovation pipeline to make sure that what we are launching is in fact accretive. But the sophistication that goes into our new product pricing model in terms of looking at what the competitive benchmarks are relative to that particular launch, also from a market standpoint, making sure again that the new product is positioned appropriately, we look at if it’s replacing an existing franchise, measure the product and pricing differentials related to added content, added benefits, added packaging, etc., so there are a number of things that factor into it.  I think that as we mentioned, we’ve got some very exciting new product launches in the second half of this year. MAC is re-launching two of their largest franchises, Studio FX and the MAC lipstick. We’ve got Estée Lauder Re-Nutriv with SIRTIVITY that is quite exciting, really playing on the longevity focus that is accelerating in the market. Fabrizio just talked about trends - we’ve got quite a bit of trend-based but highly efficacious from a quality standpoint, products launching in the second half of the year, all of which have been priced appropriately for the benefits that they are contributing.
Tracey Travis: It’s a great question, Steve. Look - we are certainly realistic that with regulatory changes, with what happens with inflation, there are a lot of things that we, in the base business before the profit recovery plan, need to be able to manage, and one of the things that we are working through with our organization is how do you make those choices in terms of what to invest and dis-invest in, in terms of the base business, so those are areas that we are keenly focused on as we look at just what the base progression, which you’re very familiar with what our normal progression is, outside of obviously this unusual period of post-pandemic disruption that we’ve experienced, so. We certainly have in the past been able to do that and believe that we can do it in the future as well.  We’ve also stood up a very disciplined and strong project management office in order to be able to track all of the savings that we are committing to, and also obviously with the base business, making sure that we’re meeting our normal base expectations as it relates to regular growth and margin expansion.
Tracey Travis: Thanks Lauren, I’ll start with the retail and organic. You know, when we have--especially in the second quarter, obviously when we have big events like 11.11, and you have holiday and in the case--you know, for us, when those events don’t go as well as expected, obviously retailers pull back on and we pull back on some of the shipments that we have to those retailers, in order to bring things back in line, so you will see from a quarter to quarter standpoint, there may be some disconnects related to that, but it averages out over the course of a year, so we don’t have any issues in any other markets like what we have been experiencing in Asia travel retail for you all to be concerned about.
