Fabrizio Freda: Yes. We see it abating in the quarter. I think that soon retail sales and net sales will get aligned again. That's our expectation.
Fabrizio Freda: Sure. So first of all, our -- if you look at the calendar year '12, we continue to grow market share in skin care in a very solid way, and that's been our main focus. Obviously, you need to exclude devices from the way the market is reported by NPD because it's like putting electronic brushes in the toothpaste market. So looking at skin care, we are growing skin care, and that will remain our focus. Looking at makeup, we are also growing in makeup very solidly. Because, again, in the market number you see, they're not included all our online business and all our freestanding store that represents a big and fast-growing part of our M-A-C, particularly, business. So we are very satisfied with makeup. And we continue to grow skin care and makeup in the future and to grow market share. Yet a positive aspect is that the prestige in general is growing faster than mass, so we'll continue to grow market share versus mass, meaning market share to the total market. On our fragrance business, we had a tougher year in term of market share. This was in part designed because we had focused on improving the model and profitability of the sector and also reduced the promotional level in a very big way in order to improve profitability. This is particularly tough in the October-December quarter because as you probably know, the October-December quarter is the quarter of the year in the U.S. where fragrances are the biggest part of the market. While in the other 9 months of the year, skin care and makeup are much bigger proportion of total cosmetics. So yes, growing market share without a strong fragrance innovation program and eye promotion in October-December is tougher, and we have experienced that. But in next fiscal year, we have an outstanding fragrance program and we plan to come back with a more important ability to grow fragrance as well on the new better profitable way.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. On the total business, I just want to say that we believe the number is absolutely our goal in the last quarter, and is doable. First of all, in the last quarter, we have a easier base period last year because our 2 biggest problem, which are Korea and Russia, were already in the numbers at the point in time of the year. Second, because we have a very strong initiative program and great new launches on our main brands, Estée Lauder, Clinique in the period. And third, again, the increased advertising spending that would also continue in the third quarter, we believe, will impact strongly the last quarter of the year, where in the past, we were increasing advertising also in the last quarter. There would be also further impact in the first quarter of the year after. I don't know, Tracey, if you want to add.
Fabrizio Freda: And I would just -- to add one point as Tracey said, normal is the full year, which is 6% to 7%. And we estimate the global market to be in this moment about 3% because there are many markets which are actually declining. To be very clear, France, Italy, Spain, Greece, Portugal and Germany have been on a declining trend and Korea as well as we explained. So yes, we believe the global market in this moment is at 3%. We are growing at 6% to 7%. So we are definitely continuing to grow share.
Fabrizio Freda: And I will -- just to add that as we said several times in the last years, we are doing a lot of work to eliminate cost, we do not add value in the company, and to reinvest custodies [ph] in improving our advertising and our ability to influence the consumer. And on top of what we're doing this year, we are focusing this advertising spending on the biggest growth opportunity in the world, namely some categories in the U.S., China, mainly growth in emerging markets. And building share in some of the important soft markets around the world like France, where the market is declining, we are growing 8%. And so that's what we're doing. And so the answer is yes, we are going to keep investing in absolute, more in advertising as we take other cost out of the company.
Fabrizio Freda: I'll take the first one. So the -- no, we said we spent $75 million advertising extra in the second quarter. So not $80 million at the end but $75 million. So your math on the $30 million is wrong. I don't know where this came from, but happy to reconcile it later with Dennis.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. So in term of the markets that -- I need to divide into 3 blocks. So the Southern European market, the European market, the markets are definitely getting weaker. The markets in the October-December has been negative. Many markets, France, Italy, Germany, Greece, et cetera. And so the markets -- we have been growing in most of these markets with the exception of Spain and Greece. And so we are gaining market share. Now the best example is France, which has been a market on the negative in total, where we've been going 8% basically based on Estée Lauder and Clinique great successful trend and our smaller brands successful trend. So we are doing well. The key idea here is that we seems to be able to grow and progress also in soft market and not only in strong markets. Now the exception to the story is Russia, where the market is strong, and we are not doing well because of distribution issues. And we are -- we believe we have a plan to come back and restart positive trends in the next fiscal year.
Fabrice Weber: Yes. Lauren, the 30% was actually excluding travel retail. We were talking China domestic sales only.
Fabrice Weber: Wendy, let me first remind you that the 6% like-for-like growth in Q2 comes after 2% in Q1. We certainly expect to see on average the like-for-like sales remains single-digit range. And the rule [ph] that the growth is clearly expected to come from new consumers in new cities across the country, that's simply the reflection of the fact that the mature cities in China, tier 1, if you want, actually are very close in terms of consumption per capita with what you see in neighboring countries, like Korea, which are very developed in terms of beauty industry. So consumers are also, in those markets, starting to shift towards e-commerce and the travel consumption as we have noted before.
Fabrice Weber: I'll just take the China net sales growth. You're right, that I was actually referring to retail sales. So taken as net, the actual growth is 23.6% and this is adjusted excluding the SMI impact.
Fabrice Weber: Yes, I just like to add that we are already 6 brands that in China are active with our own e-commerce sites. This is e without m. We are actually working on launching m as well. But the point that Fabrizio made is correct. We have seen a very, very active expansion of the demand to the channel. Regarding your point about the tier 1 negative retail growth, we actually have a fair amount of brands with positive retail trends in tier-1 cities. So I don't think we should go that far in terms of cataloging tier 1 as a declining market. It's just not growing as fast as the rest of the country. Because basically, as I said before, it has reached levels of maturity, which are very close to neighboring countries. So that's expected. In terms of the audience we reach, I can maybe share with you the fact that through our CRM activities and our willingness to create loyalty and work harder at retaining consumers in a market where they're still educating themselves very, very rapidly but still educating themselves in the industry, we think that annually, we're looking at 7 million to 8 million women and a few men, we hope, buying our products across the country in the domestic context. Remember that we sell probably twice as much to Chinese people outside of China in terms of value, certainly.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. I -- that was definitely more than one question. But let me take the pull forward questions and -- because we certainly can appreciate, as we said earlier, that it can get a bit confusing, especially since this is the second year in this quarter that we've had this phenomena. So as it relates to the pull forward and the pull forward actually being more than what we had originally anticipated, so it was indeed above the high end of our range. That actually is a good thing, I think, especially since, as Fabrizio said, the SAP go live thus far has gone quite smoothly. So the fact that our customers were willing to take advance orders from us and we were able to get those shipments out, I think is certainly a good thing. It speaks to the relationship that we have with our customers both -- and many of those orders actually were in Fabrice's region, in the Asia/Pacific region, some in Europe and then some here in the U.S. So I think that was a good thing. And the fact that the SAP go live went well, we are now bringing down the inventory levels related to some of the extra inventory that didn't get shipped out in the quarter that certainly will be shipped out over the next few months. We do have another go live next year, so -- unfortunately, it won't be as big as this year's go live in terms of advance shipments. But it is the last major wave for us of SAP, what we call release 4. So you will see this phenomena one more year. The normalized, as we mentioned, is really the full year. So looking at the second and third quarter is very difficult. And again, we can appreciate that. The full year, I think, gives you a better indication of the normal growth rate of the company, and the same will be true next year as we have this phenomena again this -- next year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: We don't have that information handy and we typically don't speak to that information. So if there's another question that we can answer for you as it relates to advertising, we're more than happy to. I'm not sure if -- the base of your question is related to the shift in the advertising spend that we've had, which follows a different cadence of innovation and promotions this year. But we typically don't...
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. So our advertising spend will be up this year, and I think we had communicated that that was the intent at the beginning of the year. What has changed this year slightly is just the timing, the double-digit increase in the second and third quarter that we're having in advertising spend which will not be -- which will be more normalized, again, when you see our full year results in terms of advertising spending. But it will be up this year for sure.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the out-of-period adjustment, we've had a few this quarter obviously, Rodan + Fields. But the one that you're referring to was related to an accounting adjustment, and it was about $0.02 in EPS.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And while we don't disclose specifically Clinique and Esteé Lauder, in the press release, we do show adjusted growth numbers by category i.e. skin care, makeup, et cetera, excluding the impact of SAP. We also show it by region. So I will refer you to that.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So we will still incur some restructuring charges in the balance of the year. I called out in the guidance that -- what the third quarter impact would be and then the full year will be $25 million. So we only incurred a portion of what we had identified in the second quarter in the financial results for the second quarter. The total restructuring charges under the now closed program will end up somewhere between $325 million and $350 million. So that is consistent with what we have discussed previously. And our restructuring savings related to that program are still in the area of $7.60 million to $7.85 million.
Tracey Thomas Travis: No, other than category, without giving specific information, I mean, the -- what is driving the bulk of that growth from a category standpoint and giving us confidence to Fabrizio's point is skin care and actually, fragrance. So we talked about some of the strength of our fragrance launch performance, as well as some of the newer products that are continuing to expand and grow with Jo Malone and Tom Ford. So those 2 from a growth standpoint are driving a good chunk of the growth in the fourth quarter.
