Fabrizio Freda: So the growth is very, very strong in these two brands. So, it's very strong double-digit growth in each one of the two brands and in every segment they're operating. And what is driving the success is actually same-door sales is a success, which is driven mainly by same-door sales and for the moment, a very small initial distribution deployment. These two brands are really strong and consumer demand is exceptional. And their recent launches are among the most successful launches in the entire marketplace. And on top of that, for us, the great news are that they attract really new consumers that in the past we were attracting less, particularly Too Faced attract more younger consumers in our portfolio which is great extra business for the company overall. And importantly, they have dramatically increased our penetration in Specialty Multi in the U.S. And this will continue internationally, which is a very important objective because as you all know, the Specialty Multi-Channel globally is one of the fastest growing channels in our sector.
Fabrizio Freda: So on the total M•A•C growth, no. We're not seeing a big change. Overall, it's still between 4% and 5%; probably closer to 4% in this moment than to 5%, but still in the range. And – but what we have seen a change – we see a change continuously is where the growth is coming from. And the growth is coming from – by category – is coming more from makeup than in the past, as you know. And by recently, in this quarter, the growth is again coming from Asia more than in the previous quarters. And then, certain emerging markets have been more challenged than in the past, like, I don't know, Brazil or Turkey, obviously, and a few others. And so, we see a variation where the growth come from. But what is interesting is actually the total growth is still between 4% and 5%.
Fabrizio Freda: Ah, the earned media value of M•A•C. So what was driving the improvement of the earned media value of M•A•C is, first of all, the M•A•C activation of many more influencers. And the activation also of M•A•C makeup artist has influenced themselves, which is a unique model created by the M•A•C brand. Meaning M•A•C is, obviously, activity is external influencer, (39:17), but also, many of the very valuable makeup artists of M•A•C influence themselves. And being enabled by a lot of great quality asset to support to do this job around the world, and particularly in the U.S. The other thing is, activity in this, is M•A•C is back launching hero products. And as you know, a lot of these media value is driven by exciting new products. For example, Next to Nothing launch, which I mentioned in my prepared remark, is an activity which is creating a lot of conversation in the social media arena, which is helping support the brand. We believe this strength will continue. The M•A•C brand is very active among the various changes they're leading in the U.S. market and internationally in increasing the numbers of hero products that will be passed of their deployed portfolio of innovation.
Fabrizio Freda: So, let me start from this line. I think we said it in prepared remark and everywhere we comment on this new distribution. The new distribution is bringing new customers. And so we have absolute evidence. That's why we have tested our way first with 30 doors, then in certain areas internationally, the same. We have done this very gradually with a lot of attention. And there is – the large majority of consumers are new to the brands. This is true for new distribution, both online in specialty and this is true for a lot of our new innovation which is focused on segments where we have strategic opportunities or strategic gaps. And that's actually been the big strength. And the other information we – that I have already shared but I want to further clarify it is that the large majority of these new consumers are millennials. And that's true in all these things that we have. We have year-end data that comport all these learnings and then based on this data, we made decision on distribution evolutions around the world.
Fabrizio Freda: And then in term of profit dilution of the new distribution, M•A•C is very dependent from traffic. And so if we – where we are able to create good sales per door, M•A•C is a profitable brand. And so our priority is to stay focused on really making M•A•C a good brand with great sales per door in every single distribution channel and that will make M•A•C – will keep M•A•C as a very profitable brand. And in term of the overall dynamic, I want again to clarify the – M•A•C exposure to, in this moment, the declining brick-and-mortar department store traffic is the key issue we are trying to solve. M•A•C has enormous demand and attention from consumers. It's a very desirable brand. Wherever M•A•C is exposed to traffic, it's performing well. And that's the key issue we are trying to work on. As we said, we have many international pockets where M•A•C is booming. And we need to address the U.S. issue as we have discussed. And I hope you see many of the pivoting activity that we are doing to achieve this goal as fast as possible.
Fabrizio Freda: Our growth algorithm is 6% to 8% and we are obviously on this trend. And the key point is this industry is not a zero-sum game. All the big companies are growing. And depending by quarter and by year, some are growing a bit less or a bit more, but we all are growing. So the key point is that there is a strong category growth and there is space to grow for a lot of big companies. And they believe that small brands are diluting the growth of big companies is clearly not demonstrated by the facts, because big companies are growing, are growing their brands and enriching their portfolios. If there are some smaller brands which are doing very well, some of them get acquired by the big companies when they have the right rate of return. And so I believe actually this is an environment where many big companies can grow and can grow at the same time in this amazing part of the industry which is prestige beauty. Now, what do I attribute in the short-term in the last six months, nine months? Our growth be below some of our competitor is frankly 80% U.S. department store traffic. We are the company which has the highest exposure in percentage of our business and in our big brands to U.S. department store traffic. And that's the big thing. And then there are other – many, many other areas of the world where frankly we are growing faster than many other companies. And the last point I want to make, we are building market share. So in a market we continue to grow 4% to 5%, we continue to grow market share. This was evident also in the recent Unimonitor (52:02) report for 2016 calendar and is obviously proven by these first quarter numbers where we are growing in constant currency 9% versus the market which is probably closer to 4%. So we keep growing market share. We keep growing well in all over the world and we do have an issue to solve – to address, which is that U.S. department store traffic and our high penetration of this channel. And we are pivoting to reinforce this channel and at the same time diversify our business in the needed way.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. So let's start again. M•A•C is – there've been some recent research issued that M•A•C is the number one brand loved by teenagers in this market in the U.S., and just been published a research on this. All our consumer data showed that M•A•C is among the preferred brands among the millennials and, frankly, all generations. So M•A•C is a business built to be really very sensitive to traffic. And that's the key thing we need to do. The brand is in excellent shape, very desirable. And as I said, to demonstrate this, there are markets around the world where the brand this quarter has been growing 40% or 45%, despite the competition being the same. And so it's a very specific opportunity. Said that, there is definitely a lot of new competition, and every big brand has to face this new competition. On this, I would like to make an – to do an observation. What we see in the data is that this increasing competition, done by an ever-increasing number of brands, is an increasing competition in the momental (55:06) trial. That is, we don't see increasing competition in the area of loyalty and in the area of retention and repeat, which where the profit is. Let me explain this. We have, for example, in all our big brands, take Estée Lauder with Advanced Night Repair, take M•A•C with Studio Fix, the big hero products in this moment are getting more success and increased repeat, despite the increased competition. What is tougher is to get the attention at the trial moment, because of the many small brands , there's more activity out there (55:42). But I would like you to think that the trial moment is not the profitable moment. Trial is an investment. Repeat is a profit. And so at the end, the profitable brands are still the big brands with great hero product, great repeat, and not many small brands that generate a lot of noise on trial, because unless they get the repeat, they will not be sustainable. And so, we are very focused on a sustainable, long-term profitability strategy for our brands, and that's the way we are addressing the issue at M•A•C and the opportunity for all our brands. So, the second question was specialty-multi, which is an opportunity for many of our brands, and I mentioned many of them in my prepared remarks, exactly to give you maximum exposure to all the pivoting we're doing. Instead of repeating them, I would like just to clarify one point. Every brand has a unique distribution strategy in the Estée Lauder Company portfolio. So, we don't do things by channel. We do things by brand. So, there are brands which are designed to win well in specialty, brands which are designed to be in multiple channels, and brands that are designed to be more exclusive in a certain channel type. And our broad portfolio brands give us the possibility to play this growing multichannel portfolio globally in an excellent strategic way. The last question was on online, and yes, we see a very different pattern in purchases online. Purchases online tend to be younger and tend to be, frankly, very profitable, because consumers are very loyal when they get into it. There's a lot of good repeat. But most importantly, the online sales allow us to reach consumers that sometimes we cannot reach with brick and mortar. This is particularly true in emerging markets. I just gave the good example of China, where a good launch of M•A•C in Tmall that will happen this quarter, we know, by all our analysis, that will expose millions of Chinese consumers in cities of Tier 3 or Tier 4, that today cannot buy the brand, to be able to buy the brand. This is true for many other brands in our portfolio, and many of our online activities around the world.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. I'll start from the Lauder and Clinique question, and Tracey will take over. So, first of all, Lauder is growing, so it's not stabilized. Lauder has been growing in a very exciting way, in my opinion, this quarter. And this is the second quarter in a row where the Lauder brand is growing globally. What is driving that is successful innovation that is hitting new consumers, combined with an amazing work on relaunching hero products, and that's the key point. I mean, Double Wear is a fantastic foundation product that millions of consumers around the world love. But still, there are millions of consumer that never tried this product. And so, the ability of the brand to continue win with winning hero products is the key learning, and this is working very well. And, for example, we have learned that Double Wear in specialty-multi attracts Millennials, despite being a foundation that's been there for many years, and being a fantastic product for many years, attract new Millennials to the brand better than maybe specific Millennial launches targeted to Millennial. So we are now ready to leverage these new discoveries on Lauder and continue the acceleration. The third thing which is helping the Lauder brand is that the Lauder brand is more exposed, positively exposed, to the Chinese consumers and to the Asian dynamics than the Clinique brand, for example. The Clinique brand in the country is more exposed to U.S. department store than any other brand in our portfolio together with M•A•C U.S. But globally, Clinique is more exposed in total. So the key point is that Lauder benefited from the comeback of growth in Asia and it being part of one of the brands, driving the comeback of skin care in Asia. And so the research of Asia, Asia skin care is obviously helping the Lauder brand and in our opinion will continue to grow – to support the growth of the Lauder brand. The learning for Clinique are the same, is more hero products, more activity on innovation that on top of building specific new products, build existing hero products, the Pressed Fresh Vitamin C launch is an example of that. Vitamin C is a new product per se, but at the same time create regimen with existing moisturizer of Clinique and so sell and build hero products and we have tested these successfully in the last year. The art of learning for Clinique is that also Clinique need to accelerate the entrance in growing channels. So also Clinique is further accelerating the expansion in the successful specialty multi-channels where it's playing and online. And so we will continue to do that and, sorry, the last thing on Clinique is the makeup. Clinique is also working to further activate their makeup innovation and activities in fiscal year 2018 that should further boost the brand.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And in terms of the fourth quarter. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, because we have some very strong launches coming up in the fourth quarter, we also have a fair amount of consumer reach expansion into Specialty Multi, as well as some of the opening of our free standing stores and other points of distribution in the fourth quarter. And that's where the investment is coming in, in the fourth quarter. When you look at the – our expense mix in the fourth quarter relative to last year, it's relatively comparable. And again, our motto certainly here has been to start strong and stay strong. So, a combination of very strong launch and distribution activity in the fourth quarter, and certainly supporting products to accelerate into fiscal 2018 is what the fourth quarter represents.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And as far as the North America performance this quarter. As we indicated, the brick-and-mortar channels were pretty challenged, particularly in the U.S., in the third quarter. Excluding Too Faced and BECCA, the North America segment was down in sales, and M•A•C was certainly a contributor to that performance. The M•A•C team is working very strongly in the U.S. to accelerate performance, both in the department store channel and certainly in their freestanding stores, and has some great programs coming up over the next couple of quarters.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. With respect to our margins this year, and I think we had indicated this was the case last year as well. One of the things as you all know that we've been experiencing for the last three years is negative currency impact on our margins. So, in fact, if you look at the guidance that you're referring to, Jason, for this year, we have 80 basis points of improvement in margins. That is being offset by a combination of currency as well as our acquisitions. And so we've had a bit of that experience over the last couple of years as we have done a fair number of acquisitions. But most importantly the currency drag on our margin. So, yes, we've had deleverage in free standing stores and that's had an impact. We are offsetting much of that with some of the shifts that we are doing in terms of expansion into specialty-multi, and you'll certainly see more of that impact in fiscal 2018. As it relates to Leading Beauty Forward, when we announced the program about a year ago now, we indicated that the structure of the program is efficiency, effectiveness and redesigning certain organizations to allow us to achieve greater leverage in the future, and leverage implies margin expansion. So, we've delivered 80 basis points of savings from just our cost savings programs this year. Leading Beauty Forward will take another chunk out of our cost base, and also allow us to grow in a more leveraged fashion. And we've got lots of great activity around Leading Beauty Forward. When we announced the program, and certainly still maintain this, we said that we would not see benefit this year. We will start to see some benefit next year, but it will not impact our margin guidance for next year. And then you'll start to see Leading Beauty Forward lead into our margin results over the following few years until it achieves its full potential and that full potential is $200 million to $300 million. We will invest a portion of that back but a portion of that will also be dropped to the bottom line. So it is the reason that we have so much activity around Leading Beauty Forward and, as both Fabrizio and I mentioned, it is actually slightly ahead of plan in terms of some of the initiatives under the program as the organization really rallies behind this to not only create some of these leveraged structures from an organizational standpoint, but also build some of the capability for the future support of our strategic objectives.
Tracey Thomas Travis: In terms of M•A•C in the U.S., no, we think some up and down performance as it relates to M•A•C in the U.S. So the expectation, obviously, is in the fourth quarter and beyond that the M•A•C performance given certainly the expansion into specialty-multi along with, as Fabrizio said, many of the programs that they're working on and the increase in some of the digital activity that they're doing will start to gradually improve sales in the U.S. And also, as we said, M•A•C is quite strong other than a couple of pockets in international, quite strong in international, particularly in Asia. And again, in addition to some of the expansion into specialty-multi that's being done here in the U.S. and the work that is going on to grow sales in the freestanding store and distribution – and department store channel, they're also launching in Asia on Tmall. So we expect next year to be a strong year for M•A•C going forward.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the only thing I want to add to that is M•A•C is one of the strongest, if not the strongest, brand online in terms of growth.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And in terms of the beat this quarter in the margin leverage that we had this quarter, I would say that about 65% of it is a combination of the sales beat as well as the mix of sales. So, favorable channel mix as well as category mix, as Fabrizio was just saying. We did see a pickup in our skin care category and as you all know, that is our most profitable growth category from a margin standpoint. And then the balance of it was some shifts in terms of projects, and as well as A&P spend. So, again, we mentioned there were some of the programs that are launching in Q4 that we are spending behind that were initially thought to launch in Q3. The Cushion Compact would be one of those for Estée Lauder in China, and so we are spending behind that in Q4. So that's some of the shifts.
