Fabrizio Freda: So on the U.S. we do see improvements, mainly coming from the strong retail.com of our department stores and we are encouraged also to see brick-and-mortar business in North America department store doing better than last year. However, in addition remember that we are facing the liquidation of 250 stores of Bon Ton that have significantly impacted our business. For perspective, Bon Ton just in the fiscal year ’18 was for a $68 million in net and as I said we had to face the closure of the equivalent of $150 million in net of department store doors in the past two years, so this has impacted, but despite that we have been offsetting this with the improvement in retail.com of department store and by the very good performance that we see in specialty multi and in our online sites. So we are committing, we're really committed to continue collaborate with our department store and with our specialty multi-traffic to continue drive traffic. And also I want to say that we have and the Leading Beauty Forward, we have restructured our sales force and the new sales force has just been deployed early July and we have reduced the paper work and administration activity resulting in a 70% increase in consumer facing activity and product served and more tailored to each store starting this August. So we are pretty positive on what we're doing to turn around the business in the U.S.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. On the tariffs, so the tariff in China has not been yet implemented, it is only a proposal. So first of all it is not clear if the proposed tariffs will be implemented or not. But for information currently less than one-third of our products that we sell in China are currently originated in the U.S. On the other side, if tariff were applied we will be also impacted from imports of components from China into the U.S. The other thing to consider is that we have 80% gross margins, so the impact on tariffs on this kind of industry will be less onerous than what happens on commodities. We believe we can mitigate the impact of tariffs if they had to happen through some flexibility within our guidance, our manufacturing footprint, our LBS programs. And we will do our best to manage tariffs if they happen without impacting pricing directly, because we will stay oriented to the long-term. We want to continue serve the Chinese consumer in the long-term, continue growing market share in China and we will stay focused on that. I want also to clarify that we are already managing tariffs in Europe which actually is a bigger business which are fully reflected not only in our guidance and in our fourth quarter partially, in our fourth quarter, but definitely in our guidance for next year and we are managing these also doing our best not to do price increases because of tariffs or relative to tariffs. So that’s our situation, but we continue to hope that tariffs will not be applied also because beauty is not a category of tension and represents benefits for all countries.
Fabrizio Freda: On China, today we do not see a sign of slowdown of Chinese consumer into sales out there, neither in China mainland nor in the traveling corridors that we are monitoring. So I have - we want to clarify that the assumptions in our guidance for the year assume a certain level of normalization of the growth of China and travel retail in the rest of the fiscal. But in terms of the power of the long term opportunity, I remain completely convince the China market has the potential of a double digit growth year-after-year because the fundamentals drivers are not changing. They are rising or the need the class, the love of luxury and beauty particularly. The ability of the online execution in China to serve the 650 cities where we do not have physical distribution and the ability to have our physical distribution designed in the most productive way of the world with the super high productivity because only focus on high traffic areas and the rest is served by online, so that model is extremely powerful it has long term potential. Now it may go to up and down depending on the overall economy trend in the U.S. or other potential impacting in the short term obviously yes and that's why we are assuming a certain normalization next fiscal year, but these remains one of the biggest long term opportunities in front of our company in my opinion.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, first of all what is very different from what we have seen in the U.S. is the penetration of department stores in Europe. So if you mean U.K. I will talk to U.K. in a second, but in Western Europe of the penetration of department store is very, very limited. So, the amount of selling square meters per person are really completely different. So the impact in Europe even if there was the same worrying trend that we have seen the last years in the brick-and-mortar retail in the U.S. It will not have anywhere similar impact. The other thing is that the - frankly the online penetration in Western Europe is individually lower than the one that is in the U.S. And so the ability of moving sales online in Western Europe for the moment has been inferior and because of that the brick-and-mortar is more solid and less exposed to sudden changes in this area. As far as the U.K. is concerned there are some department stores which have been affected by crisis, how is a Fraser is the most significant one and we are monitoring - we are in House of Fraser for perspective in proportion to the U.S. is that the comparison you are making also Fraser is less than 10% of our U.K. business and is more in proportion is what Bon Ton was for the US but this for the moment we don't have signs to this retailer will close actually we have signed that would be restated and that some doors we've closed it will be rationalized for a business that could be even stronger after this rationalization. But in the U.K. the same thing is happening, meaning sales are growing the luxury part, they are growing more in the online area, the online channels and so the mitigating factor we're doing so much earlier and better in online there that obviously this is compensated. The other part which is more specific to Estee Lauder, is that don't forget that in the U.K. we have Boots which is a significant percentage of our business and so our business in the U.K. is less concentrated in department stores.
Fabrizio Freda: And as far as emerging markets, we really believe that the emerging markets will continue to be a driver of growth. However, emerging markets are by definition more volatile and that's why we look at it as a portfolio where we have several emerging markets. We are building in each one of them at a different speed and with the flexibility of allocating resources every year to the one that represents the best opportunity not only of growth but also return on investments. So is portfolio markets where we use enormous amount of flexibility depending on the situation with the clear long term goals to have strong market share in each one of them in the medium term. So today we have reached already 50% of business as we said before growing 24% we expect this to continue. In the next year what we have in mind is that we see continuous accelerating opportunity actually exciting I should say in India where we are growing all the way in Russia, in this moment is very strong. We see the opportunity next year to stabilize Middle East that has been a drag to our overall portfolio and we see the opportunity to restart growth in Brazil and obviously we are waiting to see the elections in October, November, but that could be a great opportunity. We expect to continue success in Mexico and other areas where we are doing really, really well and amplify the portfolio of new markets in Asia like the Philippines, Indonesia where we are seeing some amazing growth in this moment and great opportunities for the future. But as I said, there will be every year one or two of these markets that would be an issue and one or two that will be in those areas a tremendous opportunities and you should see us as having the flexibility to direct our investment as needed year-after-year while we stay focused on the long-term.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And in terms of the balance of the distribution, the question there is, and I said it in my prepared remarks the scale is changing in our favor, so this being fiscal year 2018 has been the first year where the extra sales we built in fast growing channels were superior to the sales we lost in brick-and-mortar department stores and freestanding stores. So that’s the key thing that happened. So if you exclude the impact of the very big door closures from the year as I explained $164 million over two years, $68 million in fiscal year 2018, if you exclude this balance, these closures the scale is in our favour. I mean we have now the right platform of distribution to grow same doors in the correct way for the future. So a lot will be about the power of our innovation, the power of our investment in media, the power of getting traction from the brand and then keep in mind the door closures also were pretty good in maintaining the consumption on our brands even when the door closed. However, there is a transition period when door closed where this has to happen that can have a short term impact on sales that happened already in fiscal year 2018.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes and I just want to add I'm really passionate by the work that Clinique is doing in this moment. I think you will see Clinique results in North America in the next year is getting better and better. The innovation as Tracey said is really promising in my opinion particularly the Skin Care innovation. And I also want to remind that Clinique is the most affected of all our brands to disclosures. So the results of Clinique being able to grow retail in the last quarter in the North America in presence of Bon Ton since April basically not taking shipments and not working and in the closures of what happened in Sears in Canada in the previous period and in other doors closures. So Clinique has been offset all of these and stabilize or grow depending by category in a way that as soon as this negative will moderate we will see the power of Clinique acceleration.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, the growth of China has been extraordinary like doors and so our department store in China have as we speak the strongest light door growth, they ever had in the 10 years. Tmall in that sense is not negatively impacting the department store growth. The reason for that is that as you indicated we are in about 118 cities with our physical distribution in China today across all our brands. Obviously 118 is the number of Lauder that other brands match less so when you go to brands like M.A.C. and others we are still in I think around 50 or whatever 60 cities, so there is enormous amount of physical distribution opportunity within the top 100, let’s say 120, 150 cities of China. But the Tmall reached 650 cities and from the data we see the large majority of our sales in this area came from the cities where we do not have physical distribution. And that’s is a very efficient model because the physical distribution in the 118 cities is very efficient because the productivity per door is high and growing and that the new consumers in the city where physical distribution is not yet there or where the level of productivity will not justify physical distribution for the time being can access the brands via Tmall or via brand.com. This model is working and creates this increase of consumer in a very efficient way and also with reasonable capital cost.
Fabrizio Freda: And I just wanted to underline that being able to grow 22% without increase of distribution since our profitability is a lot influenced by same-door sales this obviously speaks highly for the ability of the Lauder brands to continue improving profitability.
Tracey Travis: So on the currency, I'm not sure I picked up exactly on your question, but we expect a negative currency impact this year of $0.20 and obviously we experienced a positive currency impact in fiscal 2018.
Tracey Travis: Yes, so let me answer both of those questions. And as it relates to the Americas just recognize that in the Americas segment we also have our corporate expenses. So bonus accruals for the corporation, we have some of it is our global production expenses related to some of our advertising programs flow through our Americas segment. So those are some of the drivers along with some incremental spending for programs to support some of our brands in the Americas. As it relates to Leading Beauty Forward, some of the additional programs that we've added and we've spoken about them before, enabling our creative team to create more digital assets, so really transforming the processes and the technology in our creative areas in order to be able to create more digital assets, restructuring some of our field organization to actually create more support organizations for them so that they can spend more time out in stores coaching and selling with our beauty advisors and with our selling staff. In our supply chain area, we're investing to increase the agility and speed of our supply chain, certainly managing all of the complexity that we see in our global network as well as the frequency with which innovation is happening in our portfolio.
Tracey Travis: No, thank you. I think you answered it well. So if you, Ali think about fiscal ’18 we actually delivered 70 basis points of organic margin expansion. So we did have positive currency benefit of 40 basis points, the acquisitions did suppress our margin by about 20 basis points, so when you look at all of those factors we delivered about 50 basis points organic operating margin in line with our objectives. So to Fabrizio's point, on average our model suggests that we can comfortably deliver 50 basis points on average of operating margin expansion and continue to invest in all of our growth areas. That certainly is enabled by Leading Beauty Forward and some of the work that we're doing under that program over the next few years.
Tracey Travis: Okay, so as it relates to revenue recognition and the $0.10 of EPS impact, it is an accounting and reporting issue only. It is a shift in terms of when we can recognize revenue relative to our promotional programs, so it requires us to defer a portion of our revenue until certain promotional activities have occurred, which is different than how we were accounting for it in the past. So it is a shift forward and we would expect though being under this guidance next year will be comparable but it will also shift some revenue forward but at least fiscal ’20 and fiscal ’19 will be comparable. Our commercial activities will not be impacted. There is no change to our shipping patterns or to actually the timing of promotional activities. Just and spend related to those activities will not change as well. It's just a recognition of revenue, so it is a shift.
Tracey Travis: So Olivia, I’ll start. In terms of M•A•C, and as you're aware, we have expanded M•A•C and Ulta it’s doing quite well. We will look for further expansion there. The brand is doing quite a bit as well in terms of their social media programs to improve the productivity per door of the business here in the U.S. and as it relates to specialty and whether or not we would partner with the specialty retailer, I mean certainly the M•A•C brand has done that in the U.K. with ASUS. If there were one here that had the same type of characteristics that we look for in terms of a third-party presence for our brands on line, then we would consider that as well, but there is a tremendous amount going on with the M•A•C brand in terms of everything from in-store experience to driving their online business more and certainly other considerations.
Tracey Travis: I will start, Jason. In terms of the North America team has done a terrific job in terms of recognizing the retail environment and the declining traffic as well as Fabrizio said the door closures that we've experienced in the U.S. with right sizing and resizing business in order to stabilize margin and then start to improve margins. So in the fourth quarter, the bulk of the decline was related to corporate expenses and the North America business was relatively flat in terms of profit. In terms of what we expect going forward, we do expect as I said we do expect North America to deliver or the Americas to deliver low single digit growth. So we do expect North America as well to deliver low single digit growth. And with some of the continuing work that they're doing as it relates to executing some of the Leading Beauty Forward initiatives and some of the other programs that they're working on to really improve door productivity in the remaining doors and certainly the top doors in the U.S., we do expect to start to see margin recovery in the Americas and in North America for sure.
Tracey Travis: I won’t, so I can answer I mean Clinique is doing incredibly well in Ulta it’s doing very well online, so in the U.S. Clinique we are certainly starting to see as you indicated Lauren a pick up outside of the department store channel. The innovation this year and certainly heading into next year is quite strong. So we’re quite excited about what we've seen thus far from Clinique, Moisture Surge they continue to innovate under that franchise, it's doing very well Dramatically Different which is their legacy franchise they introduced a new jelly product which is my daughter is particularly fond of, so that too is doing quite well and their fresh pressed franchise is also doing well. So they've got a lot of great Skin Care heading innovation heading into next year and they've got some exciting new innovation that will let the brand downs and tell you about going forward and so we're very encouraged by the signs that we see from Clinique this year and again as Stephane indicated, we certainly have a track record for having a large brand resume growth in North America and in the U.S. even with the current environment.
Tracey Travis: Okay, so you’re spot on. China is about nine - little over 9% of our sales now with the results that we saw in terms of China growth. We don't comment on individual country growth but rest assured that China grew very very very strong double digit in fiscal ’18 so great performance in China.
