Fabrizio Freda: Wendy, no. I think that -- again, we will try to make available the very specific number of the reconciliation of the input of SMI changes. And so anyone who wants to call Dennis later to ask really every single detail, please do it. But let me summarize the outcome. That's not the way our business is coming in. After an outstanding first quarter in comp at plus 14%, after readjusting all the movements of stocks by quarter because of SMI, we have basically grown every quarter between 8% and 9% which is an outstanding number and fully in line with our original expectations. And we don't see any slowdown in that sense, we just expect movements the way we just explained. So internal markets, what we see very specifically is that we do see softness of the markets in Europe. So originally, we were expecting a beauty market that would grow in the year in the range of 4%. Now because of the European softening, we see a beauty market that will grow 2% or 3%. But our growth in this market is actually accelerating, and we are building market share. So the differential between the market and our growth actually remains the same. So that's why I'm saying it's basically 9% per quarter. This is the reality of what we see. The second thing we see is a stronger dollar. And because of the stronger dollar, we, obviously, lost some comparison in the second quarter. Net our stronger business results than expected are compensating for some softening in the base market and for the stronger dollar. But we don't see any weakness in our business. Actually, we are building market share in the large majority of the strong markets of the world that counts. And namely, we are winning big in China which is our top priority. We are winning big in Travel Retail, which is our key profit driver. And we are building market share in Europe, but we have been -- our own growth is softer, but we are building some significant market share in strong markets like France and Italy that will be fundamental for our future. And then as you heard from Thia, our biggest market, North America, is in excellent shape.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. We see China remaining very robust. I mean, it's a country that is probably having a GDP that will go from 10% to 8%, which we feel is still very robust. And our same-door growth in China was 14%. So we see this market to continue same-door probably in the high single digit or double digit. But because of the expansion of number of cities there, of new consumers that become more affluent that enter the category, and because importantly, of the continuous increase on traveling Chinese consumers, we see that China and Chinese consumers will continue to be a very strong growth driver of our market. Despite that, we are assuming that some points of softness in the same-door growth that China will deliver in the next 1 year or 2, that's what happened in the last couple of years. But this will not change in any way, the fact that China will be fast-growing and a very important part of our business.
Fabrizio Freda: So we will be launching products in every quarter. It's clear that the third quarter this year contains a couple of very important launches that were not present that equal this stance last year that's why we see a particular increase on advertising in the third quarter. And I mentioned in my prepared remark that the supreme cream of Lauder in Europe is, obviously, a very important one that makes a big difference, but also the Clinique launches in foundations and the Clinique newly created support for makeup, which is not going to pay out very well, is also another one. But to really correctly answer your question, I want to clarify that in every single quarter this fiscal year, we're spending more in advertising, merchandising and sampling than the previous year. It's just that this differential last year was pretty important in the fourth quarter, while this year, the biggest differential is in the third quarter. And this is because of calendarization of our launches. But every single quarter, we spend more in advertising this than last year.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. Also in the U.K., we have very, very important launches. The supreme launch will be first in Continental Europe, and then we will decide how to expand it in other countries. But in the U.K., there are, a set of very, very promising launch in the next 6 months as well. So it's a strong, solid program. The U.K. market, by the way, is part of the markets where we are referring to when we say that we see softness in Europe, also, we see some softness in the U.K. market. But again, I'm trying to use the right words. We don't see any collapse in markets, we see softness. And to clarify the softness, we see the markets growing 1 or 2 points below what we originally expected because of the current consumer feelings and political turmoil, but not more than that.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. It is, obviously -- we have targets in terms of percentage of sales of what we'll believe will be reasonable for the advertising level. But I want to explain the dynamic -- or the way we are increasing advertising spending. If you look at our cost structure, you will see that every single cost line is going down with except of advertising, merchandising and sampling, which is going up. And then as you know, we are investing in SMI mini systems, and we are investing in some new capabilities in the area of R&D, digital and consumer size. But the real big investment are advertising and SMI. The -- all the rest, we are saving money. The second element to understand is that when we say that we reduced promotions, which we are actually doing, so that we can invest more money in advertising, you will see the impact of production -- of promotions, sorry, reductions in cost of goods. And so when you see gross margin continue to progress very well, this includes also a reduction of promotions. While on the contrary, the increase in advertising is all visible in the OpEx line. That's why the path of the gross margin improvement is in reality also allowing a advertising increase, because it's exactly how to switch from promotion to advertising that we are driving locally.
Fabrizio Freda: I think that you're making too much of 1 quarter. The simple thought is, again, look at the year. In the year, we'll make -- continue making some decent progress. I'll have -- also this year, by the way, is not finished. We are trying to make our fragrance mix more efficient, which again is also about making less of a promotional business and more of a business-driven by great fragrances and great equity and profitable. Obviously, the key to the holidays, meaning the November, December period is where the larger majority of the promotions are concentrated. So if we need to do these strategies, reaching for a promotion, you will see a bigger impact in our second quarter than in any other quarter. So please don't attach so much to the quarter movements in the business like ours, because we are trying to drive some fundamental strengthening of our business model. And this really doesn't happen month by month, but we have to look at this as a year.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. The answer is yes to your -- let me start on your second question. Yes, the category has started growing again very nicely, and we want to continue playing in this category and making this category being profitable for us and growing nicely for us in the future. But the key point is that we want to play in this category more and more in the future profitably. And that's why we are focusing on new strategy on our Estée Lauder and Clinique brand. And we will continue building our 80th brand on our key designer. And we have added 3 designers that we believe will be very strategic to our business. And particularly, we believe that Marni and Zegna will be very strategic in Europe and Asia and the addition Tory Burch, very strategic and continually revitalizing our North America business. So the combination of our existing designer plus the designer, the new strategies on Lauder and Clinique. And finally, I should add a very successful trend on our high-end, meaning Jo Malone and Tom Ford. The combination of these will definitely give more strength to our fragrance business in the future, and that's our firm intention. But profitably, not promotionaly, but even so, probably you will see us playing less aggressively in areas like big holiday season, big promotional moments and more aggressive in sustained fundamental growth. On Russia. Yes, Russia is -- our retail in Russia has been outstanding, in fact, in the quarter, so -- and the market has continued to grow very nicely. And the market share of our brands has been growing. So the Russia, in the quarter, is really specifically attributable to one big retailer deciding a destocking action. And we believe that this will be, over time, being -- going away.
Fabrizio Freda: No. These -- as I said, we just got 3 new license agreements, and those are very important. Those are all concluded, and we're already working on this project. That's the biggest change in our portfolio. Apart from these, our focus now is to make our existing designers become more and more successful -- is to build a great business for the new designers that entered our portfolio, and as I said, continue building aggressively on our high-end part of the portfolio, Jo Malone and Tom Ford, and revitalizing our cosmetic brands, Lauder and Clinique fragrance business.
Fabrizio Freda: No, I think we are in very good control. Travel Retail is one of our most clear, well-managed channels. And we are very well in control of our shipments, and we have very tight relationship and understanding of the stock level in our retailers. Our actual quarter results has been plus 15% in this channel after last year, plus 45%, I think, so on a very, very difficult comp, so an amazing result, if you look at the 2 years. And also, keep in mind that the traffic increase, which is the key benchmark was in the quarter about 5%, 6%. So we have been growing 3x traffic, which means we've been continuing converting people at the plus 15%, after a plus 45% last year. Also, as I explained in other times, in Travel Retail, we are building huge market share, because the increase of traffic in Travel Retail is mainly driven by Asian consumers, which are very keen of skin care and makeup. And in the Travel Retail channel, our market share in skin care makeup is definitely more significant than the one in fragrances. So basically, the market is growing in our direction. And that's why it's a combination of traffic growth, plus consumer conversion, plus market share growth that we see in our numbers. And obviously, if you look at the actual year-to-date in Travel Retail, our number is plus 24% and the estimate for the full year is still well above 20%. So it's a very solid channel and a solid channel growth, well ahead of increase in traffic.
Fabrizio Freda: Sure. I think that actually means both of your comments. Better -- we are raising our 8% to 10% forecast for our sales to 9% to 10%. So basically, we believe that our top line will be strong and lastly less risky than we considered in the previous call. So we are stronger believer. So the battery is better than what we believe before, in terms of risk in this case, because we are only taking up the bottom part of the guideline and better versus competition. Because we are growing market share in every one of these market and better in terms of GAAP versus market, meaning, before we were expected to grow in every quarter to know after reconciliations, 8% to 9% in a market that was growing 4%. And now we continue to grow 8% to 9% in a market that grows 2%. So better versus the market. So better versus the market, better versus competition and better -- slightly better at least in risk assessment versus our previous guideline.
Fabrizio Freda: No, I -- and again, we don't see any risk, big risks in consumption increases in China. I was thinking about slowdown -- it was slowdown and meaning sales in same doors or in markets, which within China are pretty well developed, like Shanghai, Beijing and some other big cities. And again, slowdown means that doors that we're growing at 12%, 15%, now are growing at 8%, 9%. So again, it's softening -- is the right word or slowdown, but it's nothing that is worrying. The point, as I already explained, is for us, even if there is few points of slowdowns in the overall consumption in same doors, the opportunity for growing distribution and to reach new consumers is so strong that we still believe that China, for us, will continue to be a strong contributor to growth. And by the way, we are speaking now the next year. But then in the long term, I want to clarify, this is even more true. I believe China and Chinese consumer, in general, will be, if you take a 3- to 5-years look will be, by far, the strongest drivers to growth in the category globally.
Richard W. Kunes: Sure, Alice. If you -- and that's one of the reasons that we went through that sort of lengthy explanation of the sales shift. And I think that Dennis can certainly refresh you with those numbers, if you want to give him a call. But I mean -- and if you look at our fiscal year, we're growing our sales 9% to 10% in comparable currency. We have 150-basis point gross margin improvement, roughly 100 basis point improvement in operating margin, a 20% growth in EPS, $1.1 billion of cash flow. So we think those numbers, in total, they were actually a very solid year. We're not overly concerned about the third quarter operating margin. It's really due to the factors that Fabrizio's explaining from an...
Richard W. Kunes: Again, in the first half of the year, I think our profitability increased by about 25%. So I don't think we want to get in too hung up on the quarter quite honestly, Alice. And you know that we've always treated our business on an annual basis, and this year, in particular, because a lot of these shifts. I don't think it really warrants any more explanation, honestly.
Richard W. Kunes: Well -- and I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks that the fragrance grew 11% in the quarter last year, and this year was slightly down. We continue to strategically think about our fragrance business with the long-term objective of eventually gaining market share and turning that business around to grow in a profitable way. And I think that some of the activities that you've seen that have happened have been focused on the reductions of promotions around the fragrance business, which has dropped our volumes somewhat, especially during the Christmas time. But we think it's -- the long term, it's a smart move to make and the right strategy for the category. And we should see some increase in -- due to launches and in some other activities in the second half of our year. We'll see some growth.
Richard W. Kunes: And just 2 things to add to that. One is that you will see that we will grow our profits faster than our sales in the fragrance category, which is our object long term just as Fabrizio described. So you'll see that result this fiscal year. And Russia, in total, is a little over 1% of our company's business. So just wanted to make you aware of that.
