Fabrizio Freda: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning. I am glad you have joined us for our fiscal 2010 second quarter earnings call. In our remarks today, I will discuss our performance in the quarter and further progress we made, advancing our long-term strategy. John will talk about the Holiday season in the U.S. and the current stat of the high-end beauty business worldwide. Lastly, Rick will provide the financial details. This morning we reported great results. The strong top line growth and continued improvement in profitability, which was achieved against a backdrop of a challenging environment. Sales for the period were $2.26 billion, up 11% versus the previous year period. Diluted earnings per share increased 60% above the year ago quarter to $1.28. In addition, we continue to make progress, advancing our strategic goals. We believe our sales grew faster than market trends in many countries. Our international sales expanded faster than out U.S. business, moving us closer to our target of generating more than 60% of sales outside the U.S. Our results show a significant improvement in operating margin. Inventory days improved by 16 days from last year. Our turnaround brands collectively showed a substantial improvement in operating results for the first half before impairment charges compared to a year ago and our cost savings initiative saved $83 million this quarter, which was faster and larger than we had planned, including great progress in cost of goods.
Fabrizio Freda: We are spending competitively in the last six months, also we continue to spend competitively. The market obviously has been spending less. So, yes assume the competition will increase spending as well in the next six months to twelve months. So, at first they are trying to say that our extra spending is going to impact into a more competitive environment, however, it is not driven by that. As our extra spending in the next six months is driven, first of all, by the great learning of the current six months. We focused this spirit in improving the targeting of our media spending, first of all, improving the quality of our communication, improving the mix of this communication, meaning focusing the communication and investment in advertising, merchandising and sampling on bigger initiatives with higher returns and in the most strategic countries and affiliates of the globe and we have learned that all these improvements are working very well for us, because in front of the reduced spending, we got a substantial acceleration of our top line in the last six months. So, for the next six months, we want to level this new way to become more effective and efficient in spending, which as I explained some time ago is also now based on a more accurate rate of return on investment analysis on this spending and to go back on the attack on our biggest initiative in our most strategic countries and to build on current momentum to accelerate growth.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, I think we know that we are spending in the right places. We know for example that we had been spending substantially more on the very successful launch of Estee Lauder Advanced Night Repair and we know that we've been spending for the first time on a more holistic mix of media including heavyweight or television advertising in developing markets specifically, which is proven in those market to be very, very effective for our big launches. So, we know these are ready and we know which is evident, the results of this new strategy in our last six months. At the same time, it is also through, not beyond the factor of playing. As you said, it's clear that our top line growth comes from a continuous and successful overall share growth in markets where the consumer is coming back specifically Asia. Asia, the last month has been a stronger economy than what we originally expected and in that economy we had a particularly strong program of growth, which obviously is delivering results. The same we can say about Russia by about added developing markets and these also is playing a role. Finally, our sales growth has also been accelerated by a holiday season that went better than we expected. And finally, by some amazing results in travel retail, which delivered increased sales against better than expected traffic, but also importantly against early success in the ability to convert consumer from traffic to shoppers, because we are also in travel retail growing market share accordingly.
Fabrizio Freda: We are getting comfortable because we have discussed with the affiliates one-to-one how to support these plans. And because, we agreed the right methodologies on following up that we spent quarter-by-quarter what we have recently agreed to spend extra on the activities. So we get comfortable by a thorough follow up on this. This said, we still have internal processes where in case we see opportunities or in case we see issues we may change our spending in the quarter in any affiliate, it could be a competitive reason, a big opportunity to see that the money is better spent later or earlier on a different opportunity. So, we have internal processes that offer agility of spending decisions and we believe this is a competitive advantage and not an issue.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. So we see the retail inventories maybe have been difficult to forecast, it has been --- one of the elements has been difficult to forecast in the last six months. We see today if we can mix behavior around the world.  In the U.S. we have seen actually a moderate restocking in front of the holiday season. In Europe, on the contrary we see continued stocking particularly in the pharmacy channel across continental Europe in certain retailers. And in travel retail, we have seen actually a little bit of restocking in front of the new growth trend and in Asia not a big variation, so very, very different around the globe. :
Fabrizio Freda: No we don’t expect in this moment that there is a lot more pricing possibilities that was estimated few months ago. I think the consumer continues to be very value-oriented and is not, there is basically the possibility on normal pricing trends that we assume in the next year, year and a half.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes and also that if I can, I would like to point out that travel retail is a very volatile segment and in this moment it’s doing very, very strong. But it’s a segment we have learned that is very, very influenced by specific events like advance of the flu in Asia can change dramatically the trend in travel retail or a terrorist attack could change dramatically the level of sales in travel retail. So we estimate travel retail pretty carefully also because of it’s higher than the normal volatility risk.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, I would like first to take it straight to the numbers. It is true that it's been part of the spending. That is no big step. When we speak about $15 million, $20 million, often a very important amount of better results than forecasted. So the majority of the better results are really coming out of top line sales and sustainable impressive better cost of goods because it makes every structure resizing indirect procurement. It means the large majority of our over-delivery, which just doesn't justify it obviously, which we need to get a better handle on this forecasting. But the majority is about very healthy over-deliveries, sales growth restructuring savings, indirect procurement, mix of cost of goods, reduction of destruction, all what honestly, I predicted, that was our focus. And specifically I want to clarify that the fact in many cases it happens, that a good plan of SKU reduction, a good sanction on inventories creates more benefits that were originally estimated because, in our case for example, it is having a very positive impact on reduction of destruction. So and then we’re saying that there is some less spending in advertising, merchandising and sampling, which is attributable to the budgeting process, which your questions focused on. And the budgeting is a process where we have a clear agreement of what we spend against which client every quarter. But as I was explaining there is some flexibility where they review every month in our business where we review every month brand by brand, affiliate by affiliate, where affiliate and brands can make proposals to change their plans based on the competitive environment of the market forces. This is a point of trends over agility. Normally we don’t see big variations because what - you spend less or more is affected by either items in the total. In the last quarter we saw this variation that I mentioned which by the way is a small percentage of the total story of our delivery. Said this, I want to go back on the side that we have - we understand your frustration with the trend that you had described and we share it and we are focusing to do better in the future but I also, to clarify that this last two quarters was very difficult to predict the environment, let me, said the way I see it, we've had many integrated software that were playing together the same time. First externally, worst for us, it'd be difficult to predict how the economies will develop in this global world. In fact Asia went better than what we expected or it was difficult to predict the holiday season at a certain moment of time and the holiday season went better than what everyone expected first in the UK and partially better also in United States. It was difficult to predict this impact on the flu as I explained the flu could have been devastating on our travel retail business, while on the contrary the travel retail business was a highlight of the last year, as you know it's a very profitable business, but when there is a variation there has a big impact on our business. The flu could have an impact also on the holiday season, which didn’t on the contrary the holiday, season was solid as I have described. It was difficult to predict the trade, the stocking, the retailer de-stocking, we have big trends of de-stocking and then somehow they then continue for sure, they then continue in travel retail an din the U.S. At the same time, we had many internal changes. With the first six months of the new strategy, what does that mean, there was a big cultural change and many people had to understand how to manage cost in a different way and was difficult to predict how good the organization would have been able to buy into that. There was a new organization designed as of July 1st, with a creation of the region, a totally different dynamic or relation with the retailers and internal was difficult to predict that it would have been no issue at all in getting this going and while there is (inaudible). As I already explained, there was the impact of SKU reduction and inventory on the structure and mix, it was much more positive. And finally, the effectiveness, so in the new way to invest AP and the bigger potential to (inaudible) investment, it was a premier for us. It was difficult to understand how fast this would have produced also positive top line results. So, I think we've learned, we've learned a lot in this first six months and I think we will apply this learning to our future ability to understand these trends and the possibility of our strategy.
Fabrizio Freda: No, in the sense that we don’t plan at this point in time to change our long-term targets. I think it’s just the first six months over a four-year strategy, we clearly have demonstrated that we are getting in the right direction faster than what we originally thought, but there is still a lot of work to be done in front of us. We are ahead on the saving plans, the top line has be to be obviously confirmed in its sustainability. In term of capability buildings, we are inline with goals. I would define it as not ahead and particularly I need to become much more confident on the sustainability of this performance before adding any input on the top line growth and the long-term growth and the long-term margin goals that we have established.
Fabrizio Freda: I think we will revisit those goals only at least after one full year of having been working with the new strategy and having understood the various elements and how the various cost savings become sustainable or not.
Fabrizio Freda: Personally, I don’t think there is any conflict here to clarify what is our digital strategy. First of all, we had E-commerce and a big part of our E-commerce is with our retailers with which we have brick and mortar activities. So there is no conflict, actually is the E-commerce of our retailers, which is growing very fast with us. Part of our E-commerce is obviously on our brand, direct, which is also doing very well. But these e-commerce also is big equity builder for the brand and then creates advantages for all the channels and continues growth. But another important theory of break through is not necessary in the e-commerce space but is in the digital where we are really working more and more in the digital world just as in area to build our brands to create social network, to exploit the new digital realities in every country and so basically is becoming a very sophisticated and important market investment area. On this one we are making some important learning’s and breakthroughs and particularly we are going to invest heavily in this area in the next two, three years. This is one of the key strategic choices for breakthrough in the entire organization that we have taken and there is still a lot of potential obviously in the United States, but importantly in many international markets where the trend is extremely strong.
Fabrizio Freda: We said in, when we explained our long term plans we explained we would have savings between $415 million and $400 million and we said we would have invested back in the business in the area of capabilities $50 million. This still holds true and the areas where we are investing are, we are investing in this big new capability in the area of R&D international specifically building our ability to do products in Asia and Europe. As I said we are investing in more consumer insights capability and importantly a big side of it was the investment in digital capabilities being developed around the globe.
Fabrizio Freda: And I will add just to the perspective on the question on natural brands. We are having some very, very good encouraging results on our origin brands which is doing better and is growing nicely and importantly we are launching origins in China in few months so within the next quarter. And this will be a great important event to bring strong brand and a strong national position in these growing markets. And importantly also our Aveda brands, which is in this area is doing well and continue to have very strong plans to grow and server the salon business in North America and internationally.
Fabrizio Freda: The brands we have in China, we have a big part of our portfolio in China. Also in China we have our biggest brand, so the Lauder brand, Clinique brand, MAC brand, we have our high-end brand, Bobbi Brown, La Mer, we have Jo Malone and we have nine brands in total and we are launching one more brand I just explained in March. In terms of the size of our business today, China, Mainland China is 3% of our business and we will grow and we believe the Greater China, which is the way also we look at it, may include Hong Kong and Taiwan has the potential to get really up to 8% or more of our business over the next five years. So it's really the important area of growth and development where we are focusing on. In terms of pricing, we are today in the Tier 1 in two cities, but there are so many other cities that we can grow on. So there is a possibility of expanding in China our portfolio brands in the future still, there is a possibility of expanding the current brands in the existing distribution. There is a huge possibility of further enlarging distribution in different cities into larger parts of the population. And finally, there is, at least we assume very strong growth of the e-commerce in China, also in China, in which we are going to participate from the beginning of this strong expansion. So a lot of possibilities. We also want to verify that the success in China has a huge impact on Greater China and on travel retail Asia. So, the growth in China creates positive (hollow) assets on Hong Kong. We believe we create more (hollow) assets in the future also in Taiwan and it is definitely a big important input on our travel retail business.
John Demsey: Sure Mark. The biggest driver of our cost savings exceeding expectations has been in the cost of goods area and there are two elements of that, one is our inventory management and the SKU reduction programs which are contributing tremendously to the improvement year-over-year as well as managing our mix and that mix is three components, its geographic mix, category mix, and also within each brand, the SKU mix. So the biggest driver is coming from the mix area but we also have savings coming from our resizing and restructuring program and our indirect procurements so all of those are doing quite well. At this point, we set over the four year program rather that we say between $450 million and $550 million and we are not changing that number at this point in time, we are happy that we are going a little bit faster in the beginning but we are comfortable with that target over the full-year program.
John Demsey: You are and you will recall that in the second half of last year, remember we had a $250 million belt tightening exercise last year and most of that was benefit that came from reducing the expenses in the second of the year. So when you go into this second half are coming for us. What we're seeing is that we have to replace that with our permanent savings and we're doing that we're taking up our savings estimated as we just mentioned and so with that extra savings we're covering the belt tightening that had to comeback because it was temporary in nature and we're also investing a lot of that money and at the same time hopefully improving our profitability somewhat to come up with that full year forecast. You're correct
John Demsey: First of all Bill, of the 250 more than half of it certainly came in the second half of last fiscal year. So we will anniversary that in a sense by the time we end this fiscal year. What we're doing now is that savings as I've described the spending comes back into our P&L. We're more than offsetting it with our savings programs and targeting savings around the cost of goods mix, around resizing and restructuring, around indirect procurement, around some of the other initiatives. So those overall savings programs, part of our strategic plan are more than offsetting that tiny returning, so that will be through our P&L by the end of this fiscal year.
John Demsey: It is a reasonable number that goes between 60-70% of that we said would come back and that still holds true.
John Demsey: Yes and that for year, we see kind of a mid-teens for the full year for travel retail. So we are seeing obviously not quite the pace that we saw in the second quarter, but we are seeing a continued strong growth with that business for the rest of the year.
John Demsey: And one more point on that Ali is that, I think one of the things that we need to improve on for sure is our visibility into how quickly those results are manifesting themselves and being able to predict the future better for sure and one of the things that is part of our SAP implementation is also a budgeting and financial modeling and forecasting system that goes along with that, which will enhance our abilities to have visibility into the pace and speed of which some of these changes are happening and the financial implications of them. So, I think that is certainly a soft spot for us and one that we’re working on. It’s going to take us a little time to get there, but we are trying to improve that as well. 
John Demsey: I'll speak about the US market. Actually, yes the market is competitive; however the Estée Lauder companies in totality have gained share in this difficult time period. In fact the Estée Lauder brand is showing the first signs of stabilizing in the United States in many years and the brand on a global basis is the key pillar of our corporations enhanced profitability in this time period. We had three out of the top ten fragrances in the United States. Our brand is the leading anti-age category. And with our largest skin care launch in Advanced Night Repair, and we’re now the number one leading prestige skin care brand in Asia. So our core brands are performing better than the overall marketplace in terms of the cosmetic business, outperforming the channels that we sell in and at the same time gaining share. The fragrance business for the holiday season was difficult in its totality, and our fragrance business though difficult outperformed what was taking place in the marketplace with strong ranks and strong performance as well. Our skin care business in particular as we discussed before is strong and it's the strategic objective of the company highlighting our product innovation and our high-touch service in stores as well as our foundation business and the color business has stabilized a bit. We also mentioned earlier in the presentation that up unto November the mass market was far exceeding the growth of the prestige channel that switched in the month of November and December and this is the first time that we've actually seen the prestige channel beginning to outpace mass. So we view this as a return of the aspirational consumer and in more competitive set of aspirational brands competing effectively in the marketplace.
Richard Kunes: No, it was down in the first half about $75 million or $80 million versus the year before, and then in the second half, it should be about $150 million to $175 million up.
Richard Kunes: I do not have Wendy, the sell through numbers. But we are gaining share in our travel retail business, so it is certainly head of the market trend, but I don’t have the specific.
Richard Kunes: Sure you absolutely heard it correctly. It is one of the big drivers of our cost of goods improvement. Year-over-year it was about 60 basis points in the improvement and our margin in the second quarter. What I mean by mix is more skin care less fragrance. More sales in travel retail in one of our highest profitability channels, not so much from gross margin perspective, but from an operating margin perspective. Mix meaning using less of the set business during the Christmas season than we normally did. So driving more of our basic business in selective categories of our business like the fragrance category, which affected and improved our margin capability. So, it’s all of those things that are driving our gross margin and that’s what I mean by mix in addition to the things that Richard was mentioned about our strong inventory management, SKU reductions and the benefits coming from that.
Richard Kunes: Yes, yes I mean we have those as well, but what we are talking about now is the mix, mix by geography, mix by channel of distribution, mix by products that we are selling, absolutely.
Richard Kunes: Well, if there were more we would have recorded it, so the answer to that is at the moment we don’t believe there is any more coming. It’s based on, as we said some changes in -- those smaller brands actually suffered more in the current economic environment. You’ve seen that I think, throughout the industry. Those brands are - were based on that struggle we looked at the distribution plans, their expansion plans, we change those plans, those plans resulting in slightly different forecast of future performance which therefore had discount in cash flow created the impairment. But, yeah we believe in those brands and we will have a plan to make them a big part of our portfolio going forward but with that change we have to take the impairment charge. And in our, at the end of our or during our third quarter revenue, we're doing a very through analysis which is required on annual basis of overall of goodwill, that’s on our balance sheet and all of our acquisition, that process happens during our third quarter.
