Fabrizio Freda: Thank you, Tracey. And I want to make a final comment before we turn to Q&A. Today, I announced my intention to retire from Estee Lauder companies. It has been a privilege, a great honor to lead the company for 16 years, I have been deeply enriched by exceptional colleagues around the world, and I take this decision to retire with gratitude for all we have accomplished. I have two primary objectives ahead of my retirement. First, I intend to execute with excellent strategy reset that the Tracey and I described today, inclusive of our profit recovery and growth plan. It is important to me that our next leader inherits a business with momentum. Second, I plan to work closely with our Board of Directors and my successor, once named, to ensure a smooth transition. My passion for our beautiful company is as strong as ever, and I'm confident in its bright future. Throughout the years, I've deeply enjoyed representing the company with analysts and investors. I look forward to our continued engagement until I retire. And that concludes our prepared remarks. We'll be happy to take your questions at this time.
Fabrizio Freda: Sure. As I said in the prepared remarks, I will be very involved with the Board in working on the succession. And obviously, as you know, it's the Board responsibility to decide the successor, but we are working all together to get the best output out of the work done for some time. This is a long-term process. It's not something that we are just starting working now, obviously. And in terms of the characteristic of the successor, I think the successor has to be obviously a great leader and understand the key elements of our company. And one of the key elements is being brand builders and people that can develop growth. We are a growth company, and we are a global company. And so obviously, being able to drive growth globally and being able to continue reshaping the cost structure of the company in the proper way that will become even more leverageable with future growth, are going to be essential characteristics. But I would just want to reassure you that the options that the Board has developed, they all have these characteristics. So as I said, the Board is pretty well advanced in the work needed to determine the future.
Fabrizio Freda: And also, Lauren, I wanted to add a concept here, which is, my intention also announcing the retirement at the end of the fiscal year is also to work together with the Board, together with the team and when announced together with my successor on making sure that we put in 2025, the company in a condition to leverage growth momentum in general, in all the areas where the opportunity will be in the China market where today we see declines to continue to grow market share, and that's the focus. And in terms of the [PRT] (ph) to make sure that we have sufficient investments in all the key areas of the business where this momentum has to be preserved in the future. Those are internally key goals that we are going to pursue. And I hope that the strategic reset that I explained in my prepared remarks, somehow indicate also not only the numbers but the content on which we want to invest the numbers because it's clear that we have extraordinary strengths in our brands and brand equity and in our portfolio. It's clear that we continue to have great, high repeat rates because our products are outstanding [in light of] (ph) the consumer. I hope it's clear that our innovation is getting much stronger in many areas. And in clear that we have two big strategy reset areas. One is the lowering the exposure to declining market and declining channels and substitute this with high-growth market, high-growth channels, the best we can. And the second is actually improving the effectiveness of our marketing plan of our recruitment plans. And so we will get better support to our business, not only spending more money, but all what I said about precision marketing, is all about increasing the power of our recruitment. And finally, you heard me saying that our recruitment is being -- going to be focused more than ever on new consumers. And that, I believe, will make a big difference. And so all what I just said is really the purpose of the transition. And so the transition is going to be tailored to that.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. And I just want to add the perspective that this is actually a big priority for us, is really manage much better stock normalization in TR in the future. And so the -- what you said, which is obviously the retail in quarter four went down much more than expected. So by definition, created higher temporary stocks. We are already reacting in quarter one, readjusting it. That should be seen as a better activity and better management of this in the future. And as I said in previous calls, we are also preparing to build a distribution center in Hainan that will further shorten the time between orders in travel retail and delivery that will make this process better and better over time.
Fabrizio Freda: And I’d just want to add that as you have heard from our example today, a lot of these channel rebalancing is also between online and brick-and-mortar. And the online is very efficient for many reasons. On top of that, we’ve used the last few years to develop online platforms that now we are in a condition to scale and to leverage in our activations of the various online channels. And finally, when you invest in a high-growth channel where the consumers are particularly active, particularly the young consumer, the return on the investment in advertising and the ability to recruit the right cost of recruitment actually increase while the cost of recruitment tends to be higher in declining channels. So the overall move for us will be actually positive in the long term. And we are managing this with the profitability mix in mind, one of the key things that we need to achieve.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, I'll start and then Tracey will have to speak. I assume when you say category growth, you define the category as the prestige global market in total. That's what I understood for your question. And so the overall category growth of the luxury prestige part of the beauty business historically has been growing in the mid-single-digit range. And I think the factor today with China and travel retail Asia declining double digits in this moment in those markets, you see that we are forecasting 2%, 3%. And this forecasting 2%, 3% of the category growth is the reflection that we are not assuming in our guidance for fiscal year 2025, a stabilization of that. And basically, this is our attempt, try not to guess the future that is in this moment is very difficult to predict because of the volatility that Tracey spoke about. So with that context, you see immediately that the difference between stabilized Chinese consumers. So China stabilized and the market is [indiscernible] because the market with a stable growth in China was single digit -- sorry, was mid-single-digit. And so that's the difference between the 2% and the 5%. Now if in the future, we do expect the overall global category, as you define it, to benefit of the stabilization of the China TR consumption and market, and that will make the category stronger. So assuming the category will go back to a 5% global growth also because to be clear, except now the Chinese reset in this period, the demographic fundamentals, the reason of long-term development of this category are intact globally. In fact, you see still pretty strong development in Asia ex China, in Europe, in America, as we said before, despite a gradual reduction of the growth, the growth is still mid-single-digit and plus. So the market has strong fundamentals and the market will go back as it happened in the past. In the past, during, I don't know, the recession of 2008, 2009, the market went down in the 2% and then bounced back to the normal the year after. So we have seen this many other times in the history of the market. And we as a company believe that the strategy reset that we are discussing and the ability of our Profit Recovery and Growth Plan to put us back on track for leverage-ability will put all of us in a condition to grow at least 1 point ahead of the market in the long term and to reestablish our -- the way we think of long-term algorithm as growing ahead of the market.
Fabrizio Freda: So in our guidance, we are reflecting the current moderation of the growth because again, in this guidance, we are not guessing the future. We are reflecting what we see currently. And this moderation of the growth, however, brings the market still in the mid-single-digit growth. So it's not -- it’s not a bad market. I mean, US has been weaker than that in the past. So it's still a relatively solid market growth that is happening today. And in this relatively solid market, we are working for dramatic improvements. I think it's important to understand that we have seen progress in quarter four. Because we grew retail even if the net was difficult, but we grew retail. And again, the net was reflecting also some issues happening in many of the retailers in our less fast-growing part of the business. But the retail was growing in July as we revealed the retail has further accelerated -- our retail has further accelerated. Some of our brands like Clinique is showing very exciting progress which is super encouraging. Actually, I would say that all the brands where we have started implementing a new strategy, we see that there is extraordinary interesting progress, which is validating that once we'll be able to implement across the portfolio, all the improvements that we are trying to do, we could achieve the stabilization, which is the first goal that we have in mind, the stabilization. So, stop the decline of market share, stabilize and align with the market growth in the US. So we are -- in summary, we are cautious of the overall market in the US in this moment, but we are positive on our progress in executing an improvement strategy in America.
Tracey Travis: Yeah. No, thanks, Bryan, for the question. So clearly, China and travel retail are important growth drivers for the company, have been historically and they're also high-margin areas of the company as well. So, when we see pressure in those areas as we saw in fiscal 2024, you can see what the impact on the company is. So if, right now, in our guidance, Mainland China is expected to be anywhere between flat to down high single-digits and travel retail Asia is expected to be down double-digit, that puts quite a bit of pressure on our earnings results and our EPS. The fact that this year, with those two pressures, we actually will have EPS up is really because of the contribution of the profit and recovery growth plan, the PRGP, which we will refer to it from now on, as we said in the prepared remarks. So that is delivering -- if you think about delivering around 51% at the low end of the range given the fact that we're relatively flat if you take the midpoint of our range in terms of our growth this year what we're expecting. So that means other markets like the Americas, APAC outside of China and EMEA outside of travel retail are expected to grow. But if you take that contribution, it is being offset by some expense deleverage. It's also in looking at your models, you need to add back some of the interest expense from our debt that we took out for the acquisition of TOM FORD in DECIEM and bonus as well back at target levels. So those are some of the differences. And then obviously, you heard our estimates for currency, which will be slightly dilutive for the year. So all of that puts pressure on our overall EPS. But still on a year that is close to what it was last year from a sales performance perspective, we are demonstrating improved margins and improved EPS. And that is because of -- and with a negative mix impact related to travel retail in China and that is because of both the PRGP as well as other actions the company has taken to really halt a lot of activities that we would normally do in the course of the year. We are also, importantly, as I said in our prepared remarks, protecting some investment for the momentum that we spoke about in the prepared remarks, in categories like fragrance, the active derm category and where we're seeing momentum. That will be important for us when we think forward to fiscal '26 and beyond and have more market growth, hopefully, but also those brands continuing to become a greater proportion of the business.
Tracey Travis: No. Of course, Lauren. So, if you think about when we first described the PRGP, we said we have gross savings, and we are investing some of those gross savings in order to fund the program as well as fuel some of -- create fuel for some of our consumer-facing investments. And so when you think about the cadence of results and savings that we expect from the program, obviously, first quarter, there is some benefit, but that will progressively improve through the course of the year as our actions materialize. So, we are funding some of the consumer-facing investments out of the gross investments in our -- out of our PRGP. I also mentioned that even in fiscal '24, where we had green shoots, you heard, I mean, many of those strategies were put in place before, obviously, some of the innovation that we came out with and some of the plans that we had to expand in faster-growing channels. So we have tried to, in a very difficult year, even in fiscal '24, protect some of the consumer-facing investments. And as we see growth happening in certain areas, we will certainly fund more of it in some of the savings generated throughout the course of this year in the PRGP.
Tracey Travis: Sure. So you're right. As we said, and certainly, as you mentioned, others have said also there was a decline in Asia’s travel retail, particularly in China travel retail in the last few months of our fiscal 2024, and that certainly did impact us. The reason we were up, we were anniversarying very low shipments from the prior year. And so we had in certain parts of China travel retail, specifically Hainan, very low shipments in our fourth quarter last year. And so even with decelerating sales, we were replenishing relative to what we had experienced in the prior year. But because of the acceleration from Q3 to Q4, the deceleration from Q3 to Q4, we did end with inventory levels higher than what we would have liked. And so part of what you see in our first quarter results is making sure that we keep inventory levels at the level that we and our customers want in that region even managing, obviously, the volatility from month-to-month that we and our retailers are experiencing.
Tracey Travis: So, I'll start with the second one, Dana. Travel retail will be lower than it was in fiscal '24 because we're expecting it to be negative all year. So it will be a lower percent of our mix. And as Fabrizio mentioned, part of what obviously is happening is we're seeing channel shifts. We're seeing some of the travel retail business go to other regions whether it's remaining within mainland China or traveling to back to international travel in certain parts of the world, including, obviously, markets in addition to within the travel retail channel. So we expect that it will continue to shrink as a percent of our mix, at least in fiscal 2025 and hopefully see some stabilization after that. In terms of the faster growth channels that we are pivoting to, I mean, obviously they represent growth. Different channels had different margins. As you know, we don't give specific channel margin information. But to the extent that those channels are allowing us to recruit new consumers, it is certainly margin accretive for the company overall when we see the kind of reversal that we saw even in the last few months, launching on Amazon with Clinique. And so I think that's something that we are focused on. Fabrizio spoke about other platforms, online being a big focus for us as well from a strategic standpoint, platforms in other parts of the world that also represent growth and the recruitment of new consumers. So that is a big area of strategic pivot for us that we expect will be margin accretive for the company overall.
