Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah, no, so thank you for the question, Lauren. Leading Beauty Forward actually is comprised of multiple programs, as you suggest. Some are – were shorter term and some are longer term, because they require structural changes. One of the things that we are looking at, to your point, is, in light of some of the acceleration that we're seeing in channel shifts in some parts of our business, certainly in the U.S., how we might look to accelerate different components of Leading Beauty Forward. We are aggressively pursuing, expanding our digital capabilities in the company. We are aggressively pursuing looking for other cost savings opportunities under the Leading Beauty Forward program, as well as other – our other cost saving programs as well. But Leading Beauty Forward, the reason why we indicated initially, when we announced the program, that there was no cost savings this year and we would see some next year, but it was included within our guidance for next year, was just the timing of some of the longer term items that were planned under Leading Beauty Forward that required some structural change. But certainly, we are looking, as we always do, aggressively to accelerate opportunities as we see them.
Tracey Thomas Travis: All right. Thanks, Ali. I'll start, and perhaps Fabrizio will join in. And the two questions are actually related, right? In terms of why we're not seeing some of the improvement that we had expected to see this year in terms of inventory. So our underlying business, if you exclude Kilian and Too Faced and BECCA, is more in the 4% to 5% range. So you're correct with your math. And that is for the reasons that we shared in our press release and in our prepared remarks. We are seeing some pretty strong challenges here in the U.S. in mid-tier department stores. The Middle East, which is a very – has historically been a very strong growth and profit market for us, is challenged, and we've talked about Hong Kong now for the last couple of years. So those are the primary drivers. We expected a bit of a different mix in terms of the business, so that has left us with some higher inventory levels in some of our brands. In other brands, we've actually had to chase inventory, because they are growing faster than we expected, like Tom Ford and Jo Malone and some of those brands. And we're managing all of that, obviously, to deliver the results that we shared with you this morning. We are still committed, certainly, to leveraging SAP. It has helped us tremendously as the portfolio has become broader and more complex, to manage in more volatile time. So thank goodness we have SAP and we, along with our supply chain and business partners, can manage the different flows of inventory as situations change around the globe. But we are still committed to the levels of inventory management that we have shared with you at the end of our year last year, as we gave our three-year guidance. And we'll certainly update that in August.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And then the only other thing I'll add, Ali, to Fabrizio's remarks is back to inventory, just remember that in Q2, we also have included the inventory from our new acquisition, mainly Too Faced.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Sure. So as I indicated in my prepared remarks, gross margin was impacted by some obsolescence. Product mix and in particular some of the programs that we have introduced this year have been a bit higher cost than prior programs so that has impacted our gross margin this year. And then there is some geographic mix in there as well and channel mix, so we have a lot of mix components. And then the last component is currency, so currency in terms of the transaction impact of currency has negatively impacted cost of goods this year and certainly that's what we had anticipated. In terms of the back half of the year, we still expect to have some gross margin pressure on as it relates to some of the higher cost programs. However, as Fabrizio indicated and as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we do have incremental pricing that we've taken in the second half of the year, so that will help mitigate some of that.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah, no, great question. So our pricing historically has been a combination of mix and like-for-like pricing. I would say probably a little bit more like-for-like than mix although I indicated obviously that we have introduced some higher cost programs which obviously have higher prices in both last year as well as this year. In terms of promotional activity, that's something that we have certain of our brands that have embedded within their operating model, promotions like Estée Lauder and Clinique and the gift with product promotions that they do. And in certain situations where the environment during certain times of the year becomes more promotional, we have the flexibility within our model to react and respond. And certainly, the U.S. is one of the places where around holiday, it has become more promotional and some of our brands have reacted and responded to that. And then the last place that we will use promotion is in a situation where we do have higher inventory levels with certain brands, and you might see some very short-term promotional activity to liquidate that inventory. So those are primarily the areas we use promotion. Sets have always been a part of our business, particularly in travel retail, and that's a form of value to the consumer. But by and large, we are not a heavy promotion company, and so we certainly use advertising and digital and social media now to drive traffic with the innovation of our products and the innovation of our marketing campaigns.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yes, and so on the expenses, as I spoke previously, one of the things that we have done certainly is try to ramp up our cost saving programs in light of some of the softness we're seeing in some parts of the business. So some of the planned expenses that we had had in some parts of the business we have certainly pulled back on. We have cut back on travel, we have cut back on some of the consulting projects that we had planned to do this year that have been cancelled, and some of the hiring in certain areas that we had expected to do. So those are the primary areas that we've addressed in terms of expense management.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah, so in terms of gross margin, Caroline, as you know, and clearly we talked about some of the factors that are driving it this year, but you're right, the last couple of years, it's been relatively flat. That happens to correspond with a mix shift in terms of the significant growth of makeup and fragrance, and the slowdown in skin care. So we do have different gross profit margins depending on the category. We do also have certain of our cost activities that are targeted against cost of goods, and we do expect that that will continue over the next couple of years. And again, clearly, if the skin care mix picks up, that will also help gross profit margin. So I do think we can see, and we do expect to see, some increase in gross profit margin, but as long as makeup and fragrance are driving the best growth from a category standpoint, it will be somewhat suppressed.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So let me start with the second question, Wendy. One of the things that our team is very careful about is the doors that we do open in specialty-multi and the distance they are from certain department stores. So we do look at the impact of cannibalization of doors and we haven't seen it. When we look at whether it's Clinique's performance or whether we look at Estée Lauder, which is now starting to perform or expand in ULTA as Fabrizio said. We're not seeing that cannibalization. The net of the double points of distribution if you will are accretive and are growth for the brands. One of the things that and we have talked about in the past, Wendy, is that there is a shift in the retail landscape obviously in the U.S. where there is space being taken out of department stores that are closing doors and obviously we are working with them and managing to try to shift that business to online or to other department store doors. But then our specialty customers like Sephora and ULTA are adding doors every year and so we are adding our brands in those doors as well as they expand. And that's a shift I think we'll see for the next couple of years in the U.S. It's driven by consumer and consumer traffic patterns. It's certainly not driven by any of the actions that we're taking with respect to our business. If anything, we're trying to be where our consumers are shopping and they're shopping in multiple points of distribution. So I think what we're seeing and how we're managing it is the right way to go for both parts of our business. But, painful at least here in the near-term this year.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, and just to add one aspect (33:51) that, beyond reducing cost and doing of what Tracey is explained, I believe one of the key benefits in the next two, three years of Leading Beauty Forward, to reallocate resources to the fast-growing opportunity and the fast-growing businesses that we have around the world. So this should further enforce our strengths, on top of creating more cost saving and more margin over the long-term.
Fabrizio Freda: And I just would like to add one thing on the top-line, which is – yeah, 4% to 5% organic plus acquisition is what we see today. And actually, all what we are doing in terms of action is to improve the ability of all of these elements to grow faster in the future. Meaning the organic is – the good news, there are so many very strong drivers of growth within the current organic travel retail. China gains, stabilization of Hong Kong, continue of online, and they're all accretive in term of margin. So the organic, with the activity that we are doing and with actually – with the decrease of the department store in the U.S., which is, at this point, the most disappointing performance as part of our portfolio, this part is decreasing as a percentage of business. What is increasing as a percentage of business are all the fast-growing channels and fast-growing activity. So the 4% to 5% can become stronger over time and not weaker, plus the acquisition. Now the acquisitions are doing fantastic. We acquired great brands, both this concept of artisanal high-end fragrances, which as I said in my prepared remarks, altogether growing more than 30% and the new acquisitions like Too Faced, the BECCA which have high growth brand into high growth channels. So the mix of improving our organics with a new change of mix and adapting to the new reality and the strong acquisition actually aims to reinforce our growth potential rather than dilute it.
Fabrizio Freda: So, no, I frankly disagree that over what's happening on M•A•C is out of our control. There are two things which is happening on M•A•C One, which is a soft traffic in the distribution where M•A•C is present and we need to correct that over time. And so it's kind of in our control. We can correct that. And second, if M•A•C had to make improvements in the social media activity penetration and we are making these improvements. And this is in our control and it's an area that we could do better. We are doing better as I explained and we'll continue to do even better. And the third part is marketing programs. M•A•C quality of collection, quality of innovation will need to improve and continue to improve in the U.S. and we are working on it and some of the things have been already visible in quarter two and more to come in the next quarter. So it's not only a distribution adjustment, it's also a consumer engagement opportunity and also an innovation programs opportunities and we are addressing all of these three. Then I want to add that on M•A•C we are also working on new freestanding store formats that will address the ability to have freestanding store also in lower productivity situation while low tourist traffic because they will be smaller, more connected online, more engaging for consumers and more profitable.
Fabrizio Freda: And the only thing I would like to add is that in a moment of evolution where consumers are really sensitive to innovation and to trying new products, one of the area of promotion where we are investing more is sampling. And we really are learning more and more how to make samplings very effective, also models that we call paid samplings which are very effective way to do sampling. So we are increasing sampling. And thanks to this, we are increasing the trial level of our new innovations.
Fabrizio Freda: So on the first question, the answer is yes. The evolution of our channel mix is accretive. But not only to margin, it's also accretive to growth potential, because we are swinging a bigger percentage of our business into higher growth channels, from what we see. So there is a positive margin and positive growth. And to your point, to your second question, I think – I believe I already explained. The key thing is that the key area of acceleration are pricing. We had pricing in January, which had about 2 points of acceleration. We had a lot of new – particularly for new brands – new distribution opportunities which are planned to start being impacting the business in the second semester, and there are 2, 3 points that will come out of new distribution. And this new distribution, I do mean – new distribution, for example, Tom Ford, Jo Malone in new countries, new cities. So it's not cannibalizing distribution, it's really coverage of consumer. That's why we call it consumer coverage opportunities. Plus, this includes some of the mix acceleration, meaning the moment Estée Lauder brand successfully built doors in ULTA, and they were very well, these automatically create more distribution which grows better. So there is more of this in the second semester. Then there is strong organic growth, the innovation that is working, as we have explained our prepared remark, will now continue to impact and grow in multiple areas. I believe the good news is that skin care is growing again and is adding this engine – and the other good news is that the engine we just created with these fragrances – high-end fragrances – continue to grow (57:51) very well, and we continue to accelerate growth on a higher base. Plus, as I explained, Middle East and Hong Kong , they've been two negatives in the first six months, should be better in the second six months. And finally, the base is lower, frankly, particularly in quarter four. The base is lower, and so we believe that the combination of these things will bring our organic growth to the level that we are estimating. On top of that, the new acquisitions, Too Faced and BECCA, are doing very well, so – and we believe they will add the very significant sense of comfort to the ability to deliver the right growth, and by the way, this will continue into next fiscal year.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. And going back to the first part of the question is, yeah, we came at the low end of the guidance, but the guidance has a high end and a low end, so I would now conclude is that we have issues forecasting. The issue is the one I explained. The issue is that versus our competition. We are absolutely overexposed to mid-tier department stores in the U.S. particularly. And this very high exposure and we have been obviously hit harder than others on the soft traffic that this channel has experienced in the last year. And that's why we are trying to react to. We are trying to continue to diversify our business globally in order to be able not to be over-dependent by any channel, any country, any brand. And to have such a well diversified portfolio that we can deliver our 1 point ahead of market or more growth independently from any other area of the business or any specific area of the business. So frankly I'm very proud how we are pivoting the company in terms of online, TR, specialty-multi distribution, how we are pivoting the company in terms of social media versus historical or traditional way to engage the consumers, how we are pivoting the company to penetrate the makeup boom in a very aggressive way, how we are pivoting the company to split up and change our innovation models. We are pivoting and we are pivoting while continue to be one of the fastest growth companies in the consumer industry. I personally am very proud of my team in the way we are managing this. although we do recognize that we were at the low end of our estimate and we are overexposed to the soft and usual mid-tier department store in the U.S.
