Fabrizio Freda: So on the last one, how e-commerce impact margin, the more we grow e-commerce or online as a mix in our business, the better the margin goes because it's a high-margin channel for us. I don't think we can share specific indication and numbers, but basically, you need to associate the growth of online above average of the growth of the company to margin increase in general. The -- in terms of competitive activities, we see many. I mean, here in North America, the biggest competitive activity, and Thia can expand on it later, has been the promotionality of the holidays in general, and a lot of launches in the fragrance categories and the important activity in skin care, particularly in the cleansing and device areas. In Asia, we see a -- we see strong performance from us and some other international brands, but also we see strong performance from Korean brands that are growing market share in the region. And in terms of Europe, I think, it's the traditional competition, just that because of the recessionary environment that's been in general more promotional.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. Well, we'll look at the ranking of categories. The -- let's talk about Asia. First of all, what's happening in Asia is a combination of factors, as we explained. First of all, in this moment, you have China with a slowdown. Let's talk first about that. The China slowdown is characterized by stronger slowdown in Tier 1 cities and in the luxury interest in general of Tier 1 cities population. But in Tier 2, 3, 4 cities, meaning the new population on China now, the growing middle class now are approaching more prestige products, actually the growth continued very solidly. So we are adjusting our strategy to this new reality. Meaning, we are building distribution and penetration in Tier 2, 3, 4 cities and aggressively building our online penetration in China. For example, the Clinique Tmall side has been extremely successful, and we are clearly ahead of goals. Because of this, we believe that we are sitting and adjusting our strategies to the new profile of growth in China, and in this sense, we should get better results even in a slowing down environment in the future months. By the way, we saw already a pickup in the month of January previous to the Chinese New Year. The second situation in Asia is temporary. I mean, Thailand is a big business for us, and Thailand, as we said, was minus 5% because of the political unrest. This was not expected, and we hope that as soon as Thailand will go to normalize the political environment, we'll continue to see the trend -- growing trends that, by the way, was double digit before the political unrest. So we are growing double digit to minus 5%. That's temporary. That's, obviously, for us, was a surprise. Then you have Korea that is stabilizing, although still declining. So we believe that in the next month, we will reach real stabilization and possibly, we will start growing again in this very important market for us. And then there are some good news that we have shared. Japan picking up, Australia doing better and the other markets like Singapore, Philippines really performing. So we believe this will pick up. Now in terms of skin care, in skin care, we are going back to do some innovation, which we believe in very strong in our key brands, which are what we define white spaces. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that Lauder and Clinique are entering the watery lotion category in Asia. To be very clear, this is a white space, so it's supposed to cannibalize much less because it's a space in which we are not and our competition is. And our products are superior, very strong, very liked by the consumers, so this will be net extra. Our skin care strategy in the future would be more focused on this net extra space. There are others which I cannot mention for competitive reasons that will happen in the last quarter. And then the example of Clinique Acne also is much more a white space for us, so it's a net extra additional space that our brands will build in skin care, by the way, in very profitable segments. And that's why we believe we will pick up again the trend in skin care. And I wanted to close saying, although in skin care, we have grown less than what we wanted in the quarter, we are still been growing and growing very well.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. And in terms of our -- we are growing market share because we are growing in this market above the market trend, and so we continue to beat market share. And the strategy is to expand our penetration into Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 cities and online, which are within China, the fastest-growing segment of the market. So the strategy is pretty simple. We are exposing our brands to the fastest-growing segments of the market. And thanks to that, we are able to continue growing above the market. But however, the market is lowering and has lowered in the last quarter, and so that's -- those are the facts. Now the other important thing to understand are the China investment for taking a bit longer-term view is that the Chinese consumer continues to -- the middle class continues to grow and the Chinese consumers continue to spend. But they are -- some of them are traveling more, they're spending more when they travel in travel retail or in the countries they visit, and in a way, this is part of the reason why there's some slowdown internally, in our opinion. And so the combination of our sales with the Chinese consumer is still very, very strong, even if there is this slowdown trend internally. And that's the way we look at it for the long term.
Fabrizio Freda: Oh yes. The question on devices. Again, we watch the market, we watch the consumers and we learn. So I don't think we said never do anything about it, but we said that we were not going to launch devices at the point in time. The -- our strategy here is to try to create sustainable propositions to address the consumer benefits in that area, and we are working on it. So if we call it devices or different thing, or different kind of innovation, this is something I cannot discuss. But definitely, the benefit area of cleansing is a very important benefit area for the company, and we are going to address it in the future and I believe, very competitively. There was a third question.
Fabrizio Freda: Acquisition, sorry. There were many questions. The acquisition, well, we continuously look at the market. We are very interested in growing acquisition. As you know, in our goals, we have the intent to build 1 point of growth out of acquisitions. So we are continually monitoring the market and we are ready to do the right steps when opportunity arises. Smashbox is a happy story so far, and we are definitely ready to consider opportunities if they arise.
Fabrizio Freda: I mean, on the impact on margin goals, to be clear, we have a strategy where all our high-growth areas are margin accretive. That's intentional. So travel retail, online, emerging markets, China, the new segments, skin care category, within skin care category, certain areas of benefit are all margin accretive. So our business is actually designed on purpose to grow faster in areas with higher marginality. And this is working so far. It's working very, very well. Now if you add cost-saving activity to this mixed asset, then you get the clear idea of what we are driving into margin progress and the way we're driving margin progress in long term. If you add to this the third element, which is leveraging growth with productivity gains, then you get the full picture. So I don't believe there is any risk in the strategy to decrease margin. Actually, I believe, we will continue to build margin gradually and we will relook our goals as opportunity arise and as our cost SMI saving programs become clearer. In terms of the China strategy, the -- I'm not sure -- I'm not very clear what you don't understand on the strategy because basically, the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, the awareness of the brand today is low. Building brick-and-mortar there makes -- by the way, very efficient brick-and-mortars because few doors which sell a lot of products. And as you know, in our business, the profit is dependent from sales per door. So those few doors are very effective, very efficient. On top of this, they create awareness in this area, so these people that live in the city, when they travel, when they go online, buy our brands in travel retail, online or in Paris. And if we were not in the city to create awareness, first of all, we will have less productive doors; and second, we will not have the awareness for these people buying and preferring our brands in those channels. In that way, this strategy is definitely accretive to margin.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, I think -- by the way, as I said, we had a very strong program in the future on Clinique, so we are very comfortable for the plan to restart more aggressive growth on the brand in North America. And maybe Thia to say a few words.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Sure. So regarding our regional performance, as Thia indicated, we had a good holiday season in the North America and certainly in the U.S., so our growth was quite strong given some of the holiday programs that we had. In Latin America, as I mentioned, it was up double digits. So overall, from Americas standpoint, we certainly had strong growth as we -- as I spoke in the call and as we reflected in the press release. Asia had a number of issues, and even adjusting from an SMI standpoint, we continue to see, although we mentioned it was stabilizing, softer growth in Korea, we have low mid -- low single-digit growth in Japan. And then China was softer this quarter for the reasons that we mentioned. So the Asia region was a bit softer than we have experienced in prior quarters. And part of the reason that we looked to bring down our guidance for the full year was because of some continued softness although picking up in the second half of the year relative to what we've seen, certainly, in the fourth quarter. But we do expect some muted performance out of that region for the balance of the year. In terms of expenses and your question on advertising, yes, we did, as we looked at some trends in the quarter, did reduce some of our advertising spend and certainly some of our G&A spend.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And Wendy, regarding inventory, we are taking some various specific actions towards the end of the year to reduce our current level of inventory. We do, however, have another rollout of SMI. And so even though that's not in our financial results right now, that will result in a build -- of the residual build of inventory in addition to additional shipments towards the end of the year. So in fairness, I would say that our inventory levels will start to sustainably improve after this last wave of SMI when we can start to manage them down far more aggressively than we have been over the last couple of years with the SMI rollout.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And regarding your question on full year category growth, so makeup, as we've called out, has been a strong performer year-to-date, and we expect that it will continue to be a strong performer balance of the year. We are seeing tremendous, tremendous growth in our M-A-C brand and Tom Ford and others. So that will be our fastest-growing category. Second would be hair care, with the success of the Aveda brand and some of the expanded rollouts there. Third would be skin care. And as Fabrizio mentioned, we do have plans in the second half in addition to picking up in Asia that will impact the skin care growth to be faster in the second half than it was in the first half. So that's the ranking, and then fragrance would be last.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And lastly, regarding skin care margins, we do not expect them to be down for the full year. Obviously, skin care will grow a bit less than makeup. So from a mix standpoint, it will represent less of those margin mix upside for us. But that margin should be up year-over-year in the category.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So for the quarter, our comp growth adjusted for SMI was 10% in the quarter. And then in terms of the year-to-date number, so the 6-month number, the comp growth adjusted, Jason, was 16%.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the only thing that I would add with respect to your commentary on advertising, marketing and promotion, we have spent against everything that we had planned to spend on at the beginning of the year. As -- and Fabrizio mentioned that we are flexible as we have seen results, we have recalibrated some of the levels of spending behind some programs. But by and large, we have spent against everything that we had planned to spend on as we structured the year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay, that was a lot. In terms of share repurchase, we see the opportunity that you see. And yes, we are still very committed to our share repurchase program. In terms of travel retail, I assume you were asking about the second quarter, and the net sales in the second quarter, as we mentioned, were up double digit, and the sell-through was high single digit for the quarter.
Thia Breen: So Wendy, it's Thia. The pricing really had nothing to do with the performance of whether it's Advanced Night Repair or DDML+, as evidenced in our tremendous growth that we've had in some of our high-end skin care such as La Mer. So it would not be a pricing issue. And we did very well with the new introductions. But as Fabrizio and I indicated, there was just more cannibalization in some of our existing products, a bit more than we had planned for. Certainly, as we move forward into the second quarter, we have looked at this, examined it and we focused our promotional -- our activity in terms of innovation to see a turnaround in skin care in the second half.
Thia Breen: In terms of the market and growth, we are thrilled because we are part of a dynamic market in terms of prestige beauty growth. If we take a look at the categories, department stores are certainly a major portion of our business today, and we have really figured out a way of attracting that mass consumer and recruiting for mass in our department store channel. We also have, in terms of high-growth channels, a tremendous growth in terms of online, also in terms of freestanding stores and specialty-multi. So we -- and you've seen the numbers and certainly makeup has been a key driver and it's a significant portion of our North American portfolio. We see the turnaround in terms of skin care, and Fabrizio had mentioned the white space in terms of acne and we have a new product in Estée Lauder as well that attacks that. And certainly, as we look at it, because of this growing marketplace, we're going to be a major player and expand our leadership position.
Thia Breen: And Bill, one of the many things we've heard since the appointment of Jane Lauder in this role, I worked with Jane when she was in the marketing role, actually, many, many years ago at Clinique, and the retail partners, retail community and internally, everyone is just thrilled with the fact that we have a family member now heading up this brand. So I mean, everybody has great expectation, and Jane has all of our support in what will be a tremendous role for her with the Clinique brand.
