Tracey Thomas Travis: Thank you. So, as Fabrizio just discussed, Leading Beauty Forward is a multi-year initiative designed to help us fuel our growth momentum and create a more efficient cost structure to sustain our margin progression beyond fiscal 2018. During the course of the initiative, over the next few years, we expect to take charges of approximately $600 million to $700 million. We expect to begin realizing initial benefits from the program in fiscal 2018, but will continue to maintain our flexibility to invest in opportunities and mitigate risk. At this time, we do not expect this to affect the long-range guidance we provided last summer other than the related restructuring charges. Once fully implemented, we expect to generate annualized net benefits of $200 million to $300 million, currently anticipated to be fully realized after fiscal 2019. We expect to reinvest a portion of those savings behind the capabilities we need, that Fabrizio just discussed, to continue to succeed in the rapidly-changing global prestige beauty environment. We will, as we usually do, update our three-year strategic outlook and share our goals in August. The update will include the impact of this initiative, any adjustments to our strategy since last year, the addition of recently acquired brands and changes in currency rate assumptions. We are pleased with our results so far this year and we believe Leading Beauty Forward will play an important role in supporting our continued sustained growth momentum for the long-term. And that concludes our prepared remarks. We'll be happy to take your questions at this time.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And we also have a very good partnership with all of our retailers around the world to make sure that our products are displayed and presented well on the retailer dotcom sites as well.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So, I think those are the two differentiators, John, in terms of the timeframe that you referred to. Both the restructuring program previously, which allowed us to reinvest back into the business and really drive and support what was a skin care moment, particularly in Asia, and the period post that corresponded with a slowdown in Asia and Asian consumption, particularly in China and Hong Kong, as Fabrizio spoke about, which certainly slowed our skin care business, particularly with our large brands like Estée Lauder and to a lesser extent Clinique. So, that is a margin difference in terms of our business performance relative to the previous timeframe. One of the things that the Leading Beauty Forward program does for us, because we are and certainly our ten-year compass has allowed us to continue to understand that there are very, very significant growth opportunities for us from a total company standpoint – it allows us the freedom to invest more in those opportunities, irrespective of the margin and deliver our margin goals well into the future. So, it's a very exciting program. But certainly it is proactive on our part, looking forward in terms of where the growth opportunities are and making sure that we can support them with capabilities, we can support them with other investments and still drive the business and the profit expectations.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So, I think on the A&P, Fabrizio did speak with that – speak to that a bit earlier, Lauren. It is tied somewhat to some of the launches that we are expecting from particularly Estée Lauder and Clinique in the fourth quarter. It's also tied a bit to some stores that slipped in terms of store openings from Q3 into Q4, primarily related to M•A•C; so those are the primary drivers. And as Fabrizio mentioned also previously, the slowdown in Hong Kong and a couple of other markets slowdown, North America, we've seen the last few years post-holiday traffic has been quite slow and it has taken longer to start to see traffic flow back into particularly the department store channel and particularly the mid-tier department store channel. So, those factors are what caused us to think that the A&P spend that we had initially planned for Q3 would be better spent in Q4.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So Javier, we opened net 25 stores in the third quarter, a little bit less than what we had expected, and as I just mentioned, more of those will shift to the fourth quarter. We don't comment on the incremental sales by channel related to growth from our different channel activity outside of travel retail and online. But certainly the incremental stores will contribute some to the growth in the fourth quarter. A pickup in performance in the U.S. is also expected to drive more of the fourth quarter growth as well and in particular our bigger brands, Estée Lauder and Clinique, in addition to M•A•C.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So, Lauren, I'll start, and then I'll let Fabrizio add. In terms of the door openings, you're right, approximately 130 doors in the fourth quarter, possibly a little bit less. And yes, we do see and expect to see a step-up in our store-related expenses, so selling expenses, store ops expenses related to many of those store openings. We also do, though, however, expect to see a step-up in A&P expense related to some of the programs that we are supporting in the fourth quarter, and it runs the gamut in terms of the spend. Certainly there is some sampling that's involved in that A&P spend, so we did talk about the fact that promotion was down in the third quarter. We do expect it to be up more in the fourth quarter related to some of the programs that we're supporting.
Fabrizio Freda: I feel very strong. I think our pipeline versus five years ago, I would say, is almost doubled in terms of the power of extra business. We have a very clear internal process where we look for sufficiency of our innovation pipeline versus our next three years, five years goals. And I can tell you, we consider our innovation pipeline more than sufficient. Now the characteristic of the pipeline has changed in some way also. First of all, today the pipeline is much richer in makeup because as you heard, the makeup category is in this moment a fast-growing in the world and also very fast changing. So, there is some outstanding innovation pipeline in makeup, and the makeup pipelines tends to be done by many smaller products versus few very big products, which is more typical of the skin care pipeline. So, that's a change and we have adjusted to that change. Our skin care pipeline is strong; but again, within skin care, the pipeline is more focused on what we call instant benefit skin care versus the long-term anti-aging, and that's changed. And third, but probably very, very important, our pipeline in the fragrance business is changed. It is done by much more high-end luxury artisanal fragrances which will allow us, in my opinion, to continue gaining market share in the high-end profitable fragrance business. And finally, in hair care, our pipeline, particularly in the styling, more profitable part of hair care, is stronger than ever. So in that, I feel positive about the sufficiency of the pipeline, and also I feel positive by the fit of our pipeline to the future of the markets as identified by our compass.
Fabrizio Freda: So, first of all, in terms of the sales for the quarter, we continue to believe that we will deliver the fiscal year in the 7% to 8% range, which means if you look at the numbers that we assume actually an acceleration of the sales trend in the fourth quarter. So, the sales by quarter depend a lot by initiatives, launches, and what happens in specific markets. And the way we take A&P decisions is really, we base the decision off if we believe there is enough rate of return on that investment in that moment. For example, in quarter three, the things that we saw going less strong than we expected was Hong Kong, and so when we add markets that decrease their growth significantly, we do decrease our spending there and we keep the spending for better moments where there is better market traction. So, what you're seeing in the third quarter, very specifically, is reduced spending in Hong Kong from our side. The second area where we saw less traction was U.S. mid-tier department store brick-and-mortar where we clearly saw less structure, together with all the tourist doors in the U.S. that particularly influenced by the absence of Brazilians and Russians that was a very dramatic change. So, when we see these dramatic change, we obviously adjust our investment. The second reason was, in this case very specific is some product launch initiatives on Lauder and Clinique that we decided to move in supporting them in the fourth quarter which is the other reason why we are moving the investment from one quarter into another. Personally, I see this as a strength. We have the agility to move our A&P investment by quarter depending on the market situation and the product launch situation, and this make us more efficient and more effective. And we stay consistent on our year ago that we will commit to do our best to deliver, that's not changed. But by quarter actually we see agility and flexibility as strengths. On the Chinese consumers, now we are definitely doing much better with Chinese consumer in other areas where they are going. For example, in Europe, as we have seen, there is a growth of our European business which is partially driven by tourists and the tourists are also Chinese. We have seen Korea coming back and Japan being pretty strong. So yes, we recovered some of the sales. However, not all of them. We have a very high market share in Hong Kong. Very, very high market share. And our market share, for example, in Japan is half of the market share we have in Hong Kong. So in that situation, we obviously cannot recover the Hong Kong losses completely in other areas. And that's what you're seeing in this moment as a phenomenon. But it's a temporary phenomenon and as soon as Hong Kong will stabilize in other markets where we are now building market share like Korea, we'll achieve the levels we believe are achievable, that things will accelerate again.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, starting for M•A•C, M•A•C is really doing very, very well internationally. M•A•C is growing strong double-digits in every single market of the world and is – the temporary flattening of the retail trend in the U.S. is being more than offset by a booming international business. The temporary flattening of the U.S. trend is driven by two aspects. One, as I said, is the fact that the lower traffic in mid-tier department store is one of the driver. And the other is tourists. I mean, M•A•C business is driven by tourists of the world that visit the U.S. in a significant way, because the brand is very, very popular around the world. So, the important decrease of tourists, particularly Brazilians and Russian, as I said, have temporarily limited the retail of M•A•C also because these stores were very strong in the base period that we are comparing this to. But overall, in total, M•A•C continues to be absolutely one of the strong drivers of our success around the world, and we have programs to ensure that this will continue. In terms of the success of the small-size brands in the U.S., this is a fact that as I explained in my prepared remark, that the combination of easier access to consumers and more availability of investment – money at a lower interest rates, have created a lot of new launches of brands. And the possibility of social media to bring these brands' attention to consumers is taken down the barriers-to-entry. So, the way we are reacting is first of all, reinforcing the business in our strong brands. Second, participating to this with our mid-size smaller brands, including acquisitions. Smashbox was one of these brands when we acquired these brands and now, in fact, it's growing at double-digits in the context of this. And then finally, it's the diversification of our distribution. We have freestanding store, more specialty, continued success of online, and our support to mid-tier department store to accelerate, to re-enforce that business model to be able to better attract Millennials and better activate the floor in order to become even more competitive as to this development of smaller brands and of new channels. This is one of the changes that I was describing before that requires adjustment in capabilities and investments in supporting our brands growth.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. So on China, we have been growing 5% our net sales this quarter and 8% our retail sales. So retail sales, 8% in China is good, is strong, and the profile of our growth, first of all by brand, is that all brands are growing double-digit, with the exception of our Estée Lauder brand, which is the biggest brand in that profile. So, first of all, even before distribution we are diversifying our brand portfolio that goes with the distribution, because different brands are in different distribution. And we are diversifying geographically, because as I explained, our timing was through also this quarter, we are opening new cities and new geographical area of China. We opened one new city, we opened 13 new doors just in the quarter three. In term of the channels, online is doing well and will continue to do well. Today, we have now 10% of our business by now in online in China, versus 12% in the U.S. So, China is catching up with the U.S. at the speed of light. We are opening more freestanding store. In this moment, it's mainly on M•A•C and Jo Malone. But in the future, we may decide as we see the opportunity to have also other brands, increasing the number of freestanding stores, particularly in the cities where this is appropriate and there are no alternative distribution solutions. I personally believe that the future of freestanding store in China will go directly to omni-channel, meaning the stores will be connected to the online brand dotcom activities and will be one basically omni-channel opportunity that will bring the brands in many more cities with pretty efficient freestanding store models which are not the traditional big freestanding stores in cities like in the developed markets. And finally, we believe the specialty channel over time will also develop in China. And today, we are much more penetrated and developed in the specialty channel in China that we were in the U.S. at the beginning of the specialty channel development. So, well diversified by region of China, well diversified by brand or better diversified by brand in our strategy and well diversified by channel is our goal for the development of the China markets. Now in the innovation on skin care, as I explained before, yes, we are looking at skin care in a different way, reflecting the new consumer trends and reality. As I said, when you take skin care as a whole, there is a bigger and faster growth in what I call skin care for immediate benefit or skin care as a base of makeup. And there is less growth in this moment in the intense anti-aging skin care part. For the same reason of makeup, a lot of the growth is driven by Millennials, which are more interested in this part of the skin care. So yes, big part of our innovation pipeline is also driven in the skin care benefits, which are more modern and more Millennial. Take an example, the New Dimension launch of Estée Lauder is not about anti-aging, it's about really the shaping of the face, depending how consumer want. Or think of our fastest-growing skin care segment, which are masks. Masks – or even we have a brand GLAMGLOW, which is completely focused on masks, and masks is a product you use to get immediately after ten minutes, the benefit that you're looking for, be it luminosity, moisturization, irritation or brightening, et cetera. So skin care for immediate benefit, which is closer to makeup in reality, in term of benefit for the consumer, is the fastest growing trend. And our pipeline in these areas are the strongest they ever been.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, okay. On Hong Kong, so I don't know what I don't know. I'm saying it's temporary because Hong Kong is a gray market with an enormous internal demand of local consumers. And it's a very attractive market for Chinese, in general. So, it has been declining substantially in the last period. I believe at a certain moment it will stabilize. I personally don't have the expectation that we'll go back to big growth fast, but I do have the expectation that this trend will stabilize. And it will stabilize also because the local consumption is actually continuing to increase, and so is the mix between local consumption and tourist, particularly Chinese tourists, that at a certain moment will stabilize. And I just came from Hong Kong. As I said in my prepared remarks, I was in Asia last week, I visited Hong Kong and Korea, and the other thing that gave me confidence is the strength of our team there, which is managing this very difficult time in its fantastic way, increasing their activities on local consumers to help our business to stabilize without waiting for tourists, but just increasing our market share with locals, which I think is the right strategy, and I have great confidence in our team to be able to stabilize the trend as soon as the market will allow. On your skin care question is – I think I've answered already several times – the skin care, obviously, is and remains the most important categories overall and will continue to grow. As I said, the fastest growing part of skin care is the skin care which is more relating to immediate benefits, which is the skin care, which is of higher interest for Millennial. We had to adjust our innovation, our technology, our activities and planning for the future to the balance between more drastic anti-aging benefits and more immediate benefits. We are doing that via our portfolio brands. Some of our brands are much stronger in anti-aging, like Estée Lauder. Some other of our brands like GLAMGLOW are completely focused on immediate results skin care. And some of our brands like Bobbi Brown have a strong skin care business, which is actually that skin care is a base of makeup. It is to support the makeup habits of women. So, we are attacking skin care on multiple fronts: anti-aging; base of makeup; instant benefit, thanks to our portfolio brands and thanks to our innovation pipeline. I feel very strong about our long-term skin care trend, but it's a fact that makeup in this moment is a much faster growing category. And we are, again, I see as a strength that we have the agility to adjust and refocus our investment resources depending on the biggest trends we see.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. And in terms of advertising, I mean, we are – there is an increase of sampling, to be very clear. Sampling more and more important, given the dynamic of the consumer and given also the channels that we are going in. There is an increase in loyalty programs and the ability to link consumers to loyalty activities, particularly that goes along with freestanding store and online and e-commerce. There is an increase of this and a decrease of all other kind of promotion, which are more typical of brick-and-mortar. And in terms of swing, I would say you need to look at what's happening for us is like our magazine print advertising is more or less stabilizing; but our TV advertising is decreasing and is increasing of equivalent or more the digital social media advertising. So summarizing, it's a stabilization of the magazine advertising, a decrease of the television and an increase of the digital social media. That's the trends we see now. Obviously, this mix is very different by country in the world and by brand. But in general, this is the big trend we're seeing. So more sampling and more digital social media.
