Tracey Thomas Travis: Thanks, Lauren. So, I'll start by answering that question. We have talked all year about our incremental investment in advertising and promotion. You're correct that Leading Beauty Forward this year, we did indicate that there would be some savings related to the program that we plan to reinvest, reinvest in capabilities as it relates to digital marketing, reinvest in some of our analytical capabilities which we've referred to earlier in the script, and other areas of capability for the future. So, that has been the result of some of the savings that we have generated from Leading Beauty Forward. We've seen a big step-up this year, and again, mostly in this quarter and next quarter, so the second half of the year, more investment in advertising and promotion than even in the first half of the year. So, that is also what you're seeing in the quarter and what you're also seeing in the full-year guidance. And we have done a terrific job, as Fabrizio indicated, of reallocating resources to invest in more advertising and promotion and other areas of investment like IT support for some of our consumer-facing activities.
Tracey Thomas Travis: I think in the next year, you will start to see that normalize more. One of the things that we have done this year, we have such great momentum behind terrific brand innovation like what we're seeing in Estée Lauder and La Mer. Some of the expansion that we've done in our travel retail channel behind new brands in addition to the existing brands in the channel that we have taken the opportunity and we have some terrific social media programs as well. So, this was the year really to invest behind to capitalize on that growth. We don't expect that we will see deleverage in advertising and promotion on a go-forward basis.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah. I mean one of the reasons we saw deleverage in the first half of the year was because of the comparison year-over-year with the non-comp and the acquisitions, and I think I did mention that we would see favorability in the second half of the year when our two acquisitions became part of our base. So, we – really, our gross profit margin is very much dependent on our category mix and our channel mix. And so, the real measure, if you will, of margin that you should be focused on is the operating margin, because mix does have a differential benefit on our gross profit margin mix. But you could expect to see certainly some level of expansion in gross profit margin on a go-forward basis, not perhaps what we saw in this quarter, because of anniversarying the inventory step-up, but some benefit in gross profit margin given the near-term programs that we're expecting to launch.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah. So, on margin, a bit of it is a step-up in advertising, you mentioned due to some of our newer smaller brands. So, we are investing more in advertising in Too Faced for instance and some of our other brands as well. We are investing a bit more in digital marketing as well in the U.S. I mentioned the change in accounting in stock-based compensation. That is also impacting the Americas segment. So, that is also a margin drag, if you will, on the segment for the quarter.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Sure. We feel very comfortable with our balance sheet. As you all know, we've been very prudent in terms of managing our balance sheet, and the biggest acquisition that we've done from an M&A standpoint was last year with Too Faced, where we took on additional debt in order to fund that. We typically are in the 2 to 2.5 times range in terms of leverage. That's a comfortable position for us to be, certainly to maintain our credit ratings. But we certainly have more capacity than that. So, we are not restrained at all from an M&A standpoint in terms of doing further acquisitions. And given the strong free cash flow that we have, we certainly can fund all of the needs of the business. And certainly, we have our debt payments spread out in such a way that we can certainly manage the repayment of that with no problem whatsoever.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So, Wendy, let me start with your question on what we've included as it relates to the review of the product claim – the advertising product claim issue in our estimates. So, clearly, I said in my prepared remarks that we're being prudent in the full-year estimate and the fourth quarter, as we are doing a review of the situation and making sure that as we look at some of the claims on some of our products to the extent that we have to do retesting, we are in fact doing that retesting and we're doing it in an accelerated way. And so, that certainly is incorporated into our Q4 expectations. So, there are some communication vehicles such as websites that have to change to the extent that we can't prove a claim. And to your point, we don't know at this point that these are – how many of the claims are impacted. We don't think that there are that many, but we don't know. So, we prepared ourselves at least in the estimate to be able to address this entire situation as quickly as possible, and we have advisory fees, et cetera. We certainly do not have any cost in the estimate related to any legal activity from this, as you indicated.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. I want to add, we are really in a transition period of using these resources to accelerate, but mainly advertising a new capability like digital, data analytics, ability to anticipate trends, new talent in these areas, improvement in retail. But the advertising piece frankly is very exciting. Yes, in these two quarters, quarter three and quarter four, we have a serious improvement of the investment and increase on the investment. This is aiming at obviously preparing hopefully the continuation of a strong fiscal year 2019, but is also the result of going from an era, where certain brands were advertised and others were not were mainly driven by their brick-and-mortar experience, to an era where every single brand will be leveraged by social media and in a way advertised. And in this transition, we are putting more advertising funds in every single brands, also the brands in the past had not a lot of advertising. The result of this transition is frankly a very promising acceleration of top line that will be leveraged, that will be leveraged better over time.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. So, obviously, today is not the day to speak about guidance for 2019. But to answer your question on the market is, so we believe that our above 5% long-term market growth potential is still the right estimate for the long-term, meaning that year-after-year, the 4% to 5% average that we quoted in the past will likely continue to be the reality in terms of what are the global forces that drive that. This is an extraordinary year. The 6% to 7% is happening in fiscal year 2018, we believe, is an extraordinary strong year. The reason why it's extraordinary is it's a year where there is the combination of very positive factors. One is the consumption in China has jumped as we see in the market. The social media boom that in the past was mainly on makeup is coming through also in skin care. That's behind the sudden reacceleration of skin care. The U.S. tax cuts give some push to the U.S. consumption. International passenger traffic for travel continues to increase. So, the combination of factors of accelerating all together is there. We believe this acceleration started at the end of last fiscal. Obviously, this somehow will normalize in the future, and that's why we continue to believe that above 5% growth is the current long-term estimate. As far as your second part of your question, we continue to believe that we will grow ahead of this 5%, and we say that 6% to 8% is our long-term algorithm. We are continuing to be behind that. And in some years like this one, we are growing double than the market, because many of our activities are coming together in a brilliant way. So, we are still confident our long-term algorithm is pretty strong and pretty right.
Fabrizio Freda: So, obviously, the global economy overall is stronger this year, and this benefits our high-end part of the portfolio. But what benefits even more our high-end part of the portfolio is the growing consumption in Asia. Asia, among the various regions, is the most oriented to the high-end of our portfolio. So, brands like Tom Ford or La Mer are doing very, very well there. And the new high-end fragrance portfolio that we have recently developed, which includes again Jo Malone, Tom Ford, Le Labo, those brands have huge potential in that region at the high-end. And so, we believe this will continue. Asia economically is on a roll, and we count on that. In the past years, which is also the other part of your question, what happened is when there was an economical crisis or an economical cycle, actually what suffered the most is the entry price point of the portfolio, not the high-end. The high-end part of the portfolio is the most resilient, because even during economical cycles, the wealthier part of the population tends to be the ones that suffer the least. And so, that is the reality. So, we believe that the fact that the high-end of our portfolio is solid, increasing and becoming bigger is actually an element that over time will mitigate volatility in our results.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, sure. First of all, there are several factors which are behind this acceleration. Let me mention at least some of which are among the most important. The first one is the fact that we are winning again of our big brands, and particularly our Estée Lauder brand, which is really growing at a strong double-digit everywhere in the world. So, this proves that the big brands, when big brands make the necessary changes and speak the language of the new generations and tailor like the Estée Lauder has done by region their activity in a brilliant way, big brands are still a stronger proposition than small brands, because big brands have the tools in terms of money to spend, money to invest, quality of talent, global reach, level of consumption and level of awareness with the consumers. When they do the right thing, this becomes immediately impactful. And I think the story behind our Lauder brand shows that when we do good things, they become fast – very fast they become impactful on the business. And that's very positive news for us, and that's a big change versus what was at a certain moment the dynamics a couple of years ago. The second – and by the way, this is sustainable in our opinion. Actually, it could get better and stronger with the time. The second driver has been Asia and particularly China. Now, in China, what's happening is very interesting. What's happening is that the social media reality is making the awareness of these beautiful brands, innovation, propositions, idea and the conversation with the consumer is getting to a large majority of the population, because social media is very popular. And so, the conversation goes on in 600 cities, 700 cities, but the physical distribution is actually today the Lauder brand, which is the most distributed, is 117 cities. So, there are hundreds of cities where there is awareness, there is demand, there is desire and there is no physical distribution. And these hundreds of cities, the people can buy it online or during their travel, their travel within China or their travel outside of China. And that shows that is a big implication of the great results we are seeing on Tmall, on our brand dot-coms, in the online in general, in the travel within China of Chinese consumer, and obviously, in travel retail. So, this other thing which is happening in China, which is sustainable, is China has been for years mainly driven by skin care, and this is continuing. Actually, it's accelerating. But importantly, it's also driven by makeup and fragrance acceleration. So, our portfolio now in place in China is (47:39) leveraging its scale at full, while in the past was mainly a skin care discussion. That's another big change that is here to stay. And finally, the quality of our execution. We have an extraordinary China team that does an amazing job in China, and so the quality of our execution with our team in China is second to none, and we believe this is a lot of what is behind our success there. The other driver is travel retail. The travel retail is working. We are today the market leader in the combination of skin care and makeup that we call beauty. And with the recent activation of the fragrance business, which is huge in travel retail, we chose a niche, meaning we are now the leaders in what we call the high luxury artisanal fragrance, which includes brands like Jo Malone, Tom Ford or (48:38) acquisition. We have chosen really to leverage that piece of the fragrance market, because we believe that's where a lot of the future is, and we are making great inroads there. So, very solid. Our position is very solid, and we believe the trend of growth will continue to be there. So, this is another strong driver and is globally – is a good driver globally. Now, the reason behind this driver is that many of the emerging market consumers, Chinese, but well beyond Chinese, Russians, Brazilians, Middle Easterns are among the big purchasers in travel retail. So, our investments on our brands in these markets of origins of the travel is what really makes the difference. And again, we have an amazing travel retail team that is learning better and better how to convert travelers into purchasers at the airport. And so, this combination of investing in the market origins and learning how to convert in airport is really working for us, and we believe will be another strong driver for the long-term. So, we feel comfortable that this will continue. Now, said these, you were asking about 2019, 2020, the future. Obviously, the base period is becoming stronger and stronger. So, we need to imagine – even in these strong drivers, we imagine a certain normalization of the trends. But even in thinking of a normalization of the trends, we still believe there will be a lot of exciting growth opportunities.
Fabrizio Freda: And so, to continue on that – on the first question is – obviously, you're right. This is definitely not typical of Estée Lauder. And that's why as soon as we learned that, we decided to act on it with, first of all, maximum transparency and maximum speed. We have decided to analyze the situation, retest and invest in retesting everything we have to retest to validate our test – our advertising claims. And in the cases where there will be a minor change to do or a more serious change to do, we will do it immediately and transparency communicating with our retailers, consumers and everyone, and we'll take care of that. Second thing we have decided to do to invest into improving our process in that area, first of all, and to be clear, as I said in my prepared remarks, we already fixed it. So, everything we are doing from now on is under control, and we have invested and fixed it immediately.
Fabrizio Freda: Sorry. I'll give you the word in a second, Jason. So, we are addressing every other aspect and checking for quality in everything we do, and we are further strengthening every one of our processes. So, we are acting on it fast, transparently, and making sure that while what has happened is not in line with our standards, I want to make sure that our reaction to what happened is fully in line with our standards and with our integrity. And that's what we have done. Now, the last part of your question here was the risks. As we say, we don't know yet how much of this will be the impact. As Tracey said, we have put all the impact of our actions into our estimate. But in terms of the impact on our business in a broader sense, we don't know yet, but we will know soon. And as we know, we will decide if this has an impact or not on our overall results. On your other question very fast on the United States, the situation in the United States is clear. We are very successful in our new distribution. We continue to win online, as I explained in my prepared remarks, also in department stores. We are doing fantastic in specialty-multi. Our brands are all growing there. The Estée Lauder brand by the way in the United States is very strong and growing overall. But particularly our M·A·C and Clinique brand exposure to the brick-and-mortar department store in percentage of the business is still so big that it's very difficult to offset that decline with the growth of online and specialty for the time being. But this will change. It is changing. And things like the closure of Bon-Ton will accelerate this change. Bon-Ton had – we had the business with Bon-Ton, it was more than $50 million business in the past. So, these kind of changes are significant, and we need to recover this business in the other channels. Jason, back to you.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. Jason, thank you for the question. I've talked to that in the past. I don't know if you remember. But first of all, I believe we are in your second camp, meaning the growth is 6% to 7%. That's what Euromonitor is publishing and that's what we believe is happening. But it's obviously a very special growth. I don't know many other consumer markets, which are growing 6% to 7%. So, definitely, we are in a booming of this industry, of the fact that particularly luxury cosmetics are driving, which means the first thing that is happening is consumers are trading up over time. So, the growth of the luxury part is much stronger than the mass. Now, this is true since 10 years by now, and we are driving it. And the big companies that you mentioned including ourselves are all driving that phenomenon with good innovation, great service. But what's happening particularly in this new world of social media, consumers are interested not only in the product as a commodity, but in the how to use the product, in the service attached to it, in the creativity attached to it, in the case of makeup in the artistry that comes with it, in the case of skin care in the new learning and new habit to do what the previous generation didn't know how to do like the mask boom around the world. So, there is a lot driven by novelty and a lot driven by what the companies are doing in innovation and creating new market. And then finally, there is all this growth of Asia and Asia consumers that are avid consumers of luxury beauty, and they are now getting wealthier and so they have better access. And finally, it's the access. Luxury beauty is at a click distance from any consumer around the world. In the past, people had to go to destination store, take the car, go there. So, there is a reason why this market is growing strongly. Now, why the big companies are growing so much better than the market, including Estée Lauder Companies, is because at the end, what really makes the market growth is repurchase. It's not trial. What is happening is the big competition of the many small brands is people try the product the first time because of the novelty. But there is no consumer that buys the second time a product unless was happy with that product. So, what we see in our brands, that while the trial game has become more competitive and is in a way more expensive to do, the repurchase game is still driven by product quality. Our repurchase numbers are going up despite increased competition. And so, the big brands, the successful brands, where product quality and great performance in the long-term are winning, are driving repurchase rates. And that's the reason why companies with strong brands, with strong research and development, with strong formulation capabilities, with strong product quality, have a chance to continue winning even in this more competitive environment in the future.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. The interplay is – what's happened in the last years, as you obviously have seen, is that the social media impact in terms of the impact of social media communication, social media impetus started from makeup, and makeup has been driven and accelerated by the social media phenomenon for a couple of years. Now, it's happening also on skin care. Still a lower level than makeup, but it started happening more intensively also in skin care. That's what's behind the acceleration of skin care. And at the same time, some consumers start understanding that good skin care, just to take care of the canvas before you put the makeup on your face, is a great practice and make even your makeup work better. So, skin care is not an alternative to makeup in my opinion, but it's just preparing the canvas in a completely different way. At the moment, social media started clarifying this opportunity to – particularly to young women, we see a boom of skin care. Interestingly, the boom of skin care or the acceleration of skin care is mainly about younger people, particularly in Asia. So, it's not anti-aging which is accelerating. It's really the skin care for natural benefit for preparing the canvas. Skin care is a base to makeup. So, the skin care which is complementary to great makeup results.
Fabrizio Freda: So, we had a lot of closures of department stores in brick-and-mortar. Now, we had some Macy's closures last year. We had Sears in Canada. We have Bon-Ton now. We assume that the reduction on number of stores in brick-and-mortar will continue. And we believe this will be for us in the short-term a negative impact. But in the long-term, this could be actually a positive impact, because the brick-and-mortar will need to improve the experiential part of retail, which is here to stay and in my opinion is here to be very successful over the medium, long-term. So, we are working to improve the experiential quality of the strong brick-and-mortar and physical retail, and at the same time, we are focusing on leveraging the fast acceleration of online across every retail partner, and this is working. So, what will be the impact? As I said, depending by brand. On some of our brands, which are overexposed to brick-and-mortar department stores particularly in the country, we expect that this transition will take some time – is taking some time, particularly in presence of closures like the Bon-Ton situation now. On other brands, which are more focused on specialty and online as the way they started, this will not be the case. And depending on how different brands will do, the mix will have an impact. But as I said, I believe that we are in front. In the future, we are going to stabilize and then to restart growth also in the United States the moment that's balanced (01:07:26) by physical and online distribution and by destination stores versus experiential stores will be adjusted. And I personally believe this will be a very booming and interesting retailing environment at the end of this transition.
