Fabrizio Freda: Yes, on our leadership [Technical Difficulty] In June, we look at the strategy and the strategy of the future. And so what Tracey and I have presented in our prepared remarks are the results of also this work of reconfirming the strategy for 2024 for the next three years. And so, what are the key takeaways was your question. It's that, first of all, the market of global prestige beauty continue to be very attractive and will continue to be more and more attractive in the future. And our strategy is, as I explained in the prepared remarks, is now focused on continue building on our strengths and continue building the areas where we are really delivering great results and supporting this growth. At the same time, continue reinforcing the health of our brands and the innovation of our brands and refocusing resources and activities in all these areas. And then fix the TR issue, including a much better coordination between TR organization in China and China region organization in mainland, and the plans for the North America acceleration and to continue winning emerging markets. By the way, in the last quarter we're astonishing with a 38% growth. And so, deploying the resources, the capabilities, the skills to continue doing this in the key emerging markets, I have to say, the excitement in India is particularly high. And so, in summary, the leadership of the company has agreed and allocated resources and skills on the key components of the strategy for the next three years, which is, leverage the growth of the market and obviously, continue to build our strengths, fix our issues, and most importantly, support the profit recovery plan that again, we explained in the prepared remarks, in every single aspect at the accelerated pace of profit recovery, as Tracey just explained.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And I just want to add that we have a clear evidence that when the -- first of all, the regulations and the retailers decide to focus on individual travelers and when individual travelers traffic becomes strongly growing, the business results are outstanding. Our business in EMEA travel retail in this moment is flying, is a plus, I believe, 36%, plus 40%, and the same in the Americas. And now, the same will start in APAC, in Japan, in Australia, et cetera. So wherever there is a post-COVID return to travel, there is a very exciting business growth. And for example, the groups were allowed so far all in Thailand. And in Thailand, this created a very interesting extra sales. So -- although to be clear, still below what was in the group since 2019, but there is a recovery trend. So the travel retail channel, in our opinion, remains very, very potential for the long term. And this business of selling to the traveling consumer during their travel is an exciting, profitable, equity-building business. What happened during the pandemic when this part of the business was closed has been a temporary distortion that will be rebalanced over time, as Tracey just explained. That is our expectation and our belief.
Fabrizio Freda: And I would just want to add a bit more color to the concept that Tracey just underlined on the fact that despite this will take a couple of years to ramp up to get to the full leveraging, the benefits on agility will come as we go earlier. And the reason for that is that the agility is particularly needed on what we call the heroes SKUs. So the high-volume and the high-volume SKU, the one which can benefit more from speed to market, forecasting decisions which are closer to the moment where the market happens, the ability to produce depending on the trends. And so we will gradually ramp up, but we will ramp up first the SKUs and the brands that have the biggest need to create agility in Asia. And over time, then this will become our, as Tracey described, ongoing in a couple of years, we will have the full agility of the system implement.
Tracey Travis: Yes, Dara. So I mean, certainly, we are encouraged by some of the signs we see -- recent signs that we see in terms of recovery. The return of travelers. We are, as Fabrizio mentioned, in terms of our fiscal 2024, taking actions to pretty dramatically pull back on some of our production so that we can get our inventory levels in line. And that will improve our margin. And I talked about in my prepared remarks that we're expecting gross margin recovery from some of those actions. As the situation normalizes and more travelers come back to travel retail, we are very confident in the strategy that we've had previously. Pre-pandemic, we were well on our way to those 20% operating margins. We don't see any reason why, once things normalize, that we can't get back to those 20% margins. Timing, I can't give you. I have said in our prepared remarks that we certainly, over the next few years, have plans to accelerate the margin progression well above our historical guidance of 50 basis points of margin improvement, and that does recommend -- that does represent a catch-up in margin progression and again, the strategies that we have to do that. But we are incredibly focused as an organization on returning to the margins that are more representative of our growth and our growth potential. I will also underscore the fact that we will not do that at the expense -- at the short-term expense of hurting our brands or hurting our markets that are in recovery, so it is a balancing act for us in terms of making sure we're making the right surgical investments that support not only the recovery and the markets that are further along in recovery, and as well as the long-term investments that we need to continue our growth algorithm of 6% to 8% top line growth and margin expansion. So again, I can't -- I know that's not the answer you're looking for in terms of you want a specific year and a specific number. And hopefully, we will be able to give that to you when we get a bit more clarity on more stabilization in the environment. But right now, you have the commitment of our entire organization that we recognize and have plans to accelerate our margin progression well beyond our historical levels in order to try to catch up.
Tracey Travis: So I'll start in terms of that question. We don't control it, right? We sell to our travel retail operators, and so the whole mix of who is buying in Hainan is really with our retail partners. Part of the adjustment that we are seeing right now is the timing of when regular travelers return to Hainan when individual travelers, to your point, return to Hainan, and some of the changes in enforcement and regulations that have happened in China. And so there is a disconnect in timing that certainly is impacting our sales, combined with the fact that we are reducing the inventory levels that we have in Hainan. So that is all having a disproportionate effect. I think when we look at the development that has been done in Hainan, and we've talked about this for several years. Our expectation is that travelers, regular individual travelers, will return to Hainan and they will enjoy the fantastic shopping experience that has been created in Hainan, and we have no concerns whatsoever about travel retail growing with traveling consumers. It's a timing issue for us right now, and so I just wanted to really underscore that. It's a pretty -- it's having a timing issue that's having a big short-term, temporary impact for us. But we are not concerned at all about what we have shared with you in the past in terms of our strategy to continue to grow travel retail globally, and certainly in all of our markets in Asia.
Tracey Travis: Okay. Thanks, Lauren. So part of the capital that we'll be spending this year is to complete the factory. So we've done some preproduction runs in fiscal 2023. The factory will be producing a bit of the volume for the region in fiscal 2024. We have very specific plans on -- which, largely Skin Care, as we've talked in the past, some foundation products will be manufactured in the plant. Given where we're at right now, as you -- as we just spoke about in terms of Skin Care, that will be more gradual. So we have to first complete the plant. We also have opened a new, temporary distribution center in China. We'll be expanding on some of our distribution footprint in China as well. So I would say in terms of -- it will take a couple of years of ramp-up before we have the Asia supply chain fully operational and full from a capacity standpoint. That doesn't mean that as we gradually ramp up over this year and next year, we won't be creating more agility by being able to start to shift some of the production in those areas. But right now, we're working on contracting some of our production just given some of the shocks to the system. So you are absolutely right that long term, this will create agility for us. There are other things that we're doing to create agility. We've talked in the past in terms of some of the investments we've made in technology to help our -- especially in a very dynamic demand environment in order to try to forecast more accurately. I don't know that any forecasting tool would have forecasted what we experienced this past year. But certainly, as we think about all of our new innovation, all of our SKUs, new brands, et cetera, the more that we can technology enable and coordinate our inventory planning and our supply planning, the better we will have from -- experience we will have from an agility standpoint as well. So there's a tremendous amount of work that is going on to very much improve the situation going forward. Right now, we're managing just some tremendous shocks to the system that we're in the process of correcting.
