Richard Kunes: So, I think that we did indicate in the third quarter and for the second half of the year, that we did not anticipate really quite the robust results that we've seen in the Americas region that we have to date. So we do anticipate a little bit of a slowdown because we think that the continuing high level of unemployment is going to have some impact on our business here in the U.S. Regarding weather, specifically, it's built into our numbers, yes. But you know, the weather is several days out of a three-month period. So let's see what the impact is but it may not be quite as significant as you might think.
Richard Kunes: It's 9% -- a little bit over 9% of our business and its margins are -- it contributes more than 20% of our profits. So it's an important piece of business for us, certainly.
Richard Kunes: And then regarding Japan, it's between 4% and 5% of our global sales is in Japan. And the Korea growth rate of 4%. Korea as a market is really sensitive to movement in their exchange rate versus the U.S. dollar. And we see a shifting of business between the domestic market and the Travel Retail market. And if you've been to Korea, you'll understand that they're -- in Seoul in particular, they're very integrated there. The stores are right next to each other essentially and shoppers move based on exchange rate movements. They shop between the Travel Retail channel and/or the local market channel. And we really look at Korea as a business on a combined basis, if you will, like how is our sales going through both of those channels and our business is pretty healthy.
Richard Kunes: So Wendy, for SAP, we talked about the majority of our locations being up and running by the fiscal '12 to '13 timeframe. So when we talk about benefits for SAP, quite honestly, right now we're in investment mode. And most of those benefits become enabled as we get the majority of our locations, if not all of our locations up and running on SAP. The benefits that we see coming from SAP are really one of the legs that gets us beyond our fiscal '13 operating margin target. So that is really something beyond that's really going to support our continued growth and improvement in profitability. The things that it does for us, obviously, better supply chain management will improve our gross margin. Better inventory management, it also is a big supporter of our indirect procurement organization, which we're building out now but it really will enhance the information that they have to work with. And also, it helps, quite honestly, support the organizational changes that we have in place because it will give them better information faster and help them make better business decisions. So most of the benefit is to come from SAP and most of it, quite honestly, falls outside of our current strategic planning timeframe which takes us through fiscal 2013.
Richard Kunes: The number is roughly around that area, Bill. And one of the things that we're doing, quite honestly, very well right now is leveraging incremental sales growth and really keeping a close eye on that fixed expenditure, if you will. So we've got things in place like productivity, headcount and other measures that are really allowing us to leverage this great sales growth that we have and give us a lot of resources to invest more in some of the key business drivers, advertising, merchandising and sampling, and also improve our profitability. So it is roughly in that 60% area and there's fixed and there’s semi-fixed and there's lots of things that can get in there but that's a good benchmark.
Richard Kunes: It will come down certainly as our sales grow faster, absolutely, because we're leveraging that fixed cost.
Richard Kunes: Yes, I was just going to mention, Bill, that regarding our gifts as a percentage of sales, we're about 30 basis points lower than year-over-year. So Fabrizio's point, we're pulling money out of that pure promotional area and investing it in things that we think are much more beneficial over the long term.
Richard Kunes: Sure. Our strategy for cash has always been the same, invest in our business and I think we're doing a nice job at that. Make acquisitions, we acquired Smashbox this year and then return excess cash to shareholders. Our total shareholder return for the last 18 months is about 150%. We increased our dividend about 38% after our annual meeting. And we continue to see both dividends and share repurchases as options to return excess cash to shareholders. I think over the last 18 months, we purchased around 7 million shares back. We're a little bit slower in the second quarter, admittedly, but we intend to continue that for the balance of the year and we have, I think, 15 million approximately shares still outstanding in our share repurchase authorized by the Board of Directors. And so we'll continue the activity in the balance of the year.
Richard Kunes: And then Ali, one last point, we mentioned in prepared remarks -- in my comments I said that there was some buy in, if you will, and stocking up in Asia, in particular for Chinese New Year. And so, our sell-in was a little bit stronger than our sell-through in the second quarter, that will balance itself out for the rest of the year. So that 45% number while a great number, does not really reflect sell-through. Our sell-through number was a little bit less than that.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, this is Fabrizio. In China, we are making progress on the registration front because with a lot of work and a lot of diligent amount of research, we are able to respond to the new requirement for reregistration of existing products. So we are working at progressing there. In term of the ability to register new ingredients in China for the moment, the industry has not been really reopened to the right process. We are actively working on this and we hope that in the short time, this will be reopened. However, we are not waiting for that. Because first of all, there many of our product launches which do not assume new ingredients so they can be operated. And second, we have some amazing products and SKUs on many brands that still have relatively low level of awareness and trial, so we are focusing on bringing our best product to the maximum potential in this environment where we need to delay or postpone some of the global launches.
Fabrizio Freda: On both of these brands, there are two aspects on Makeup that we are doing. First of all, our Makeup innovation pipeline is going to be stronger and stronger in the next 12, 18 months. We have some very exciting innovations, both on the side of Estée Lauder and on the side of Clinique. At the same time, both brand are improving their High-Touch service environment, with special focus also on the Makeup experience. For example, in my remarks, I'd underlined the importance of to what we call the foundations room of the Estée Lauder brand. There will be a testing in department store in the U.S. where consumers can get the perfect match of their foundation based on perfect lighting that we had elaborated with a big light producer around the world. So both innovation and services.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, let me tell you basically, this is -- we are trying to balance in this moment growth and we are trying to get the right flexibility for investment in our biggest opportunity. In this moment we have two big phenomena there. First of all, we want to add the flexibility of reinvesting on what's working in our profitable brands and to grow their overall market share. And second point, we are gaining substantial market share in emerging markets behind investment and we are learning how to do that. Now my point of view is, much better to grow market share in emerging markets in a moment they are emerging, meaning when there is strong growth and there is not yet a finally formed competitive environment then they've been late in market share growth and then having to fight for market share when the markets are completely established. So we plan to continue accelerate our penetration in the emerging markets and we assume to have the flexibility of investment for that, which is not necessarily as you said, investment which had lower return, it's just the investment which are a bit more uploaded upfront in term of market share dynamic and build up. The second point of this concept of balance is that frankly, in the last two quarters particularly this last quarter, we are really hitting on all cylinders. And we cannot assume that we will continue hitting to every second cylinder in every moment in the next two years. Let me just make you the point, what are those cylinders? First of all, internal cylinders. Our innovation globally is working fantastically. U.S. department store holidays was better than expected. Our more investment in advertising and less investment in promotion that we committed to is working and frankly, was a risky move. We are building new capabilities to be able to have advertising in television and digital to connect in a different way with consumer, and we are delivering amazing high qualities of TV advertising and digital connections with the consumer, which is frankly a new capability. So our learning curve is particularly steep. Travel Retail strategy is working unparalleled fantastically well, and Travel Retail is growing and there has been no turmoil in the Travel Retail, at least not so far assuming that the Middle East issue will not turn into Travel Retail turmoil for the moment. We are focusing our resources on emerging markets in China. This is paying out perfectly well. 80% of our less performing brands have responded super well to the turnaround plan as we have heard about ADF Fragrances a few minutes ago. Our savings, a restructuring are in line ahead of goals and the currencies are playing in our favor, vis-à-vis our estimates constantly even the tax audits come in our favor. And externally, all the potential interaction like SAP internally or market issues or terrorism issues, nothing happened in the last period, thanks, God. And so really everything is playing in our field. Frankly, we are not assuming this to continue with 100% in our favor. So we are balancing, summarizing, the opportunity of investment, we are balancing the opportunity of bringing in more market share where appropriate and we are making assumptions which are optimistic but still reasonable in term of what would be the future environment.
Fabrizio Freda: I'll start from the second question and I will look with the sort of specific one for the first one. On Brazil, Brazil is going to be an important market for us. As you know, Brazil is a market which is pretty well-developed. It's one of the biggest beauty market of the globally developing mass and not in prestige. So our challenge is very different from the one on L'Oreal. L'Oreal is also a mass focus. A mass division. We don't. We are 100% focused on prestige and luxury and this assumed that in Brazil, we'll need to help building the distribution channel that allow the distribution of prestige. And particularly, being able to create a prestige market value equation despite the barriers to entry to the market there. So it's going to be a step-by-step approach, gradual focus on prestige and will include development of free-standing stores as one of the channels that will help Brazil creating a luxury market.
Fabrizio Freda: Wendy, let me start on the second part of the question. You are absolutely right that on China, specifically, that business model we are working on is a business model where the growing margin, meaning the margin after the strong pieces of investment is going to be accretive to the average of the company and not dilute it. It's been designed on purpose to make sure that the future growth of what we believe will be the biggest market of the globe in 2020, 2025, will always be for this company an accretive to margin. However, that is not an easy task but that's the goal. To arrive to this goal at what we call the growing margin, meaning after -- and we will decide when we are ready to get there, we are ready to invest in the years in various areas. We are investing obviously in advertising our main brands to create the right awareness. We are investing into accelerating our distribution particularly in secondary cities around China. We are investing creating new capabilities. Even we have recently launched internally an evolution of our strategy where we want to build really our second home, that's the way we define it, in China. Which has implication in term of our organization capability, the amount of local talent we'd hire, we distribute in the company globally, how seriously we take the relationship with the future of China and how much we invest in research, you probably are already aware that we are creating a research center. We have created. We are increasing a research center in Shanghai. We are looking also to many other areas to further enhance our ability to work digitally in China, etc. So it's a combination of big investment in capability, advertising, introducing new brands and increasing distribution that in the short time, will make China still profitable but obviously will require investments. While in the going, the results of all these will be accounted, hopefully will be accretive to the total margin of the company. And I'll let Rick answer the first of your questions.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. We feel more comfortable with the direction but I don't think the work is finished. It's just the beginning of a long journey. What we are doing together with our retail partners is basically creating a model where our biggest brands concentrate their advertising effort on big new winning initiatives, the example is Clinique Even Better Dark Spot. This advertising brings, because of this great brand is the new initiative in print, television, digital advertising, all in concept, focus is on one big idea. The result of this is that this brings many new users, a new consumer into the department store door to get to the Clinique counter, in my example, and then at the counter, with the service that we are creating, sell more than one product because can bring the consumer into a regimen of use, that it doesn't sell only the single product advertised. Plus, thanks to CRM and other activity create more loyalty and obviously continue to sell the overall equity of the brand and the full experience of the brand. This is, I believe, the right model for prestige, which is very competitive as of the alternative model of mass, and consumer seems to like this model. And importantly, this model brings to the retailers in your question to department store in the U.S., more traffic. And we have the number. Our Clinique Even Better Clinical have been bringing you traffic of people that before were not entering those department stores, to department stores, thanks to this new model. So we are contributing with this new model and second, we are contributing including the overall services of the beauty floor of department stores with our brands, which as you know are a big percentage of this growth. I think the number I quoted in my prepared remarks, which today in Skin Care, we are 21 out of the 25 top SKUs in U.S. department store. It's clear and consumers are voting. They prefer our products and our service. And in this way, I think we can get a big contribution. Said this, obviously department store will need to continue to do their part in creating the right level of traffic and the right level of new modern shopping experience, which is needed to conquer the young people of the future. But we are optimistic.
Fabrizio Freda: Let me explain to you what's happening in Travel Retail. First of all, Travel Retail is growing, as I've explained, there are three big dynamics: The first dynamic is, there is more people traveling. And in this dynamic I want to underline the majority of the new travelers have an origin in Asia and they are actually Chinese. And the numbers say that in this year, Chinese traveling have been reached 40 million and they assume to be 90 million in the next three, four years. So this obviously, the Chinese traveling is the biggest source of Travel Retail, which brings me back to what I was explaining before based on Wendy question, that the importance of us winning in China and investing upfront and creating amazing desirability in China, has a double implication is obviously the margin in China but also the results in Travel Retail. Because in this moment, Travel Retail growth is heavily influenced by the brands which have a strong image with Chinese consumers in China. So we, in our strategy are linking those two elements so far very successful. The second point is that we are improving our marketing and advertising activities within Travel Retail to improve conversion of the traffic into shoppers. Only 10% of the people entering in airport shops. If this can become 12% or 13%, this percent is already a big increase on demand. In this way, we are also increasing advertising in airports or services at Travel Retail in airports, et cetera, and many other marketing tools. The third is that we are gaining market share in the fastest-growing categories within Travel Retail. Travel Retail historically has been composed by 50% of Fragrances and the remaining 50%, Skin Care, Makeup and a very little bit of Hair Care. In reality, we are taking a very strong direction in winning big in Skin Care and Makeup in Asia where Travel Retail is actually more directed by Skin Care and Makeup than the average globally, while finding the right balance between Makeup and Skin Care, and the important category of Fragrances in regions like Latin America or Europe or North America. And in this way, combined, we are having a solid performance in Fragrance, but we are having a skyrocket performance in Skin Care and Makeup mainly in Asia. Finally, you asked about how this is by region, I would say Asia is the fastest growing, but Europe is still the biggest and Latin America is also growing very, very fast. That's the current status.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. Our strategy is to compete in the high-end market in salons and specialized retailers for Hair Care. And in that niche, we have a relatively high market share actually in the U.S, and we are very small internationally. So to answer your question, we operate in a niche and our strategy, I don't think we'll conflict with what our competition is doing because they're mainly operating in mass or in larger scale than we are. Our idea is to continue gaining strong market share in the high-end area of Hair Care and I believe we can do that. And in terms of size, our size in the U.S, in that segment allow us to compete effectively. Internationally, we are very small and in fact our international expansion strategy is going to be very focused. Meaning, few markets where we will enter in this high-end segment and operate to create critical mass there is opposite to a strategy of being little or small in many small markets.
