Fabrizio Freda: Yes. Chris, first of all, I think we are getting very solid returns, in the sense, we -- if you look at after adjustment, which are technical adjustment, our quarter this fiscal year will be all between 9% and 11%, even 14% the first. So in this quarter, 9%, we've been growing. And next quarter, we will probably go between 10% and 11%. And the total year between will be a second year in a row at double-digits. Frankly, I believe this is the result of increased advertising. And we are increasing advertising to levels that we need, frankly, in the long term to sustain in order to deliver this kind of growth also in soft markets and in good markets. Because the second way, I think, you should judge the results is that we -- thanks to this strategy, we are growing in high-growth market like China, but we are growing also in soft markets like Italy, for example. Also the third way to judge the results is that we are growing market share consistently quarter-over-quarter globally and going in the right direction. The last way I would judge the advertising investment, that, anyway, we are increasing -- this fiscal year is interesting. We are increasing advertising for a total of $275 million versus previous year while at the same time growing margin up 120 basis points. So it's not that we are investing without return in the short term. I think we have even short-term returns in the way we are investing. So anyway, you should not assume that this increased advertising will continue forever. There is a moment where we'll reach what we believe is sustainable level of advertising to grow the business.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. We do this. And I tell you, we have a -- frankly, the level of advertising that we do is very different by region and reflect the market dynamics. As you can imagine, we have higher share of voice in advertising in countries like U.S., where we have a very big market share, in countries like China, where we have the biggest growth opportunity. While on the contrary, in more mature markets, where the market is not growing very fast and we do not have very high market share, obviously our share of voice tend to be much smaller. So it's a mixed picture, but we have these data. It would be a bit complicated to share all of them, and I think some of them are pretty confidential. But the important concept here is we are now investing more and more. But as a next step, we are also doing a lot of internal work to become more effective and efficient in the way we spend our advertising money. So you should expect in the next couple of years us to also being able to improve what we get out of our advertising, improving our targeting capabilities in the company, improving our understanding of the new medias we are using, particularly digital and TV, and improving the quality of our advertising from a creative standpoint, which, by the way, I believe is one of the key strengths we're exploiting in this moment, and finally, addressing and focusing our advertising on the areas of highest return that clearly appear to be our outstanding innovation.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. So first of all, the -- our -- we are investing in all 3 big media that you mentioned. The -- we continue to invest. obviously, in print, in magazine advertising around the world. And this investment is gradually continuing to grow, but it's not the area of maximum growth. The area of maximum growth is digital and television advertising in some selected markets. So in a nutshell, we are increasing gradually magazine advertising around the world, we are very strongly increasing digital and social media investment, and we are selectively increasing TV advertising only on the brands and on the markets where TV advertising makes sense. So that's basically our strategy. The pricing of media -- frankly, the pricing inflation on media is very different by markets. As you probably know, it's pretty high in markets like China and pretty moderate in markets like Europe that today are in a sluggish economic situation. But overall, the large, large majority of our increase in advertising is more advertising, more effective advertising and is not driven by pricing. Actually, with our new media purchasing activity enabled by a global media agency by SMI, we are getting better in purchasing media rather than worse.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. No, actually, we are growing very strong. In Europe we are growing 11.7% in markets which are pretty sluggish. And definitely not driven by promotion. To be very clear, our promotion spending is down significantly in the quarter in every single country around the world. So this is driven by what I was explaining before. This is driven by our new strategy, where we have some amazing innovation which increased advertising. And even in markets which are soft, we come in with innovation supported by strong advertising, and consumers react. For example, it's interesting to see that even in these markets like U.K., we see prestige growing faster than mass because at the end, in a soft market, all competitors tend maybe to advertise less. And on the contrary, we come up with a great innovation and stronger advertising in the prestige area, which actually moves consumers to our area. So it's a pull strategy, not a push strategy, which is driving our growth in this moment also in soft markets. And obviously, this is giving us interesting market share gains.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. Let me start. From the U.S., our underlying business strength is really strong. Our U.S. business is very strong, and we believe we continue to be very, very solid. By the way, our estimate of sales growth for the last quarter is about 10%, and we've been growing about 9% in this quarter. So independently how festivities or things fall, we are consistently growing very close to double-digit. Around the world and U.S. we continue to be strong. In the U.S. also, we have a particularly strong growth in skin care, so far, where we're building impressive market share, as I was explaining in my prepared remarks. In makeup also, we are doing well, particularly when you add to the NPD number our sales in the free-standing store of M-A-C, which are significant and doing well, while we are temporarily losing market share in fragrance, where as I explained, also because part of the strategy is just we want to avoid being too promotional, as I explained. We are deciding not to try to buy all the promotional volume that was particularly in the fragrance category pretty heavy. And so we are still paying the consequence of getting out of a more promotional game and in a more sustainable sales game. But we believe we'll do better when we'll be at the end of this process, also growth in term of growth in fragrances. So that's as far as North America. China. China is growing at 14%, which is very, very solid overall. And you should also assume that this includes the fact that there was Chinese New Year in the middle of this quarter. Now what we see more and more in these big festivities like Chinese New Year, that there are enormous amount of Chinese traveling in these periods. And they buy very high amount of volumes of our business, frankly, in general, luxury in travel retail and in the countries that they visit. As you know, the majority of Chinese travels to Hong Kong, to Taiwan, to Paris, to New York, and finally, in the various airports around the world. So yes, China was plus 14%. But travel retail was plus 23%, Hong Kong had a terrific year, France was growing, et cetera. In other words, there is an impact of Chinese consumers which is well beyond the numbers of Mainland China. So I believe that in this moment, we are doing very, very well and continue to do very, very well with Chinese consumer. The last piece of information. The China growth is a bit changing in term of dimension. China growth is -- the growth is not as strong as it used to be in the big cities like Shanghai and Beijing, but is very much accelerating in the Tier 2, Tier 3 and even Tier 4 cities at this point of time, in domestic airports, in the new vacation places of China, where now Chinese are having more and more vacation time. So China is evolving but is very strong, and I believe will continue to be pretty solid.
Fabrizio Freda: And, Ali, I just want to add, that we talked this -- about this in detail a couple of meetings ago. I believe this is really a new financial model that we are using that's generating enormous competitive advantage, also because allow us to direct funds to the biggest opportunity in a pretty significant way when they appear as opposite to a historical model where everything was incremental, meaning incremental spending every single country, on every single brand of a little bit. Now we can decide there are those 2 big opportunities in this brand, in this region and go for it and win big, and then move to the next one. And we have created this internal flexibility, which is, frankly, a strong competitive advantage.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. On Korea -- frankly, Korea is a market that oscillates, is -- goes up and down over the years. And also to read Korea, you should also read what's happening in travel retail in Korea. Because depending on the current situation or the pricing situation, Koreans tend to buy more in Seoul or in their travel, and there is a phenomenon [ph]. On Japan, yes, we believe that, obviously, we have the tsunami teetering [ph] the base, so we'll believe we have a high single-digit growth potential in the next month in Japan. And in Japan, we are doing slightly better than what we anticipated. But in the end, the market remains pretty flattish, apart from obviously the different base period in the case of the tsunami. But since we have Chris in the room today, which was the General Manager of Korea, just want to make sure if you want to add anything on Korea.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. On the travel retail one, no, we are not considering any major reclassification on travel retail. However, we made transparent all the specific information on travel retail. And so you can read through travel retail what's happening in retail. And yes, the Asian consumers are more and more important, particularly the Chinese consumer, for travel retail, but it's also true that skin care and makeup are becoming more and more important, also for travel retail. And we look at this in this way internally. We do start these P&Ls in what happen if we invest more in China without the returns that we get in travel retail. By the way, we study also what happens when we invest in China in term of returns in travel retail, Hong Kong, the Taiwan, Paris. Or we study what happens when we invest in M-A-C Brazil in term of return in travel retail Brazil or New York sales or Miami sales. So we are becoming more and more sophisticated in understanding the result of our investment across horizontally all our system. And again, this is because of the new way we work together and also because of what SMI enabled us to do it in term of information sharing.
Fabrizio Freda: Sure. And so yes, we have started this fiscal year, so the fiscal year '12 is the first year. We have started implementing the results of our strategic pricing initiative. And the result of this, that this fiscal year, on average, the input of price on our sales will be up 2 points versus an historical average of about 1 point. Obviously, with the exception of a few years, where the average was 0, but in general, it was about 1 point. And now we have doubled that this fiscal year. And we believe we have potential to continue having good input from -- good increases from prices in the future. That is -- that's about [ph] the ranges, 2, 3 points versus 1 historically, is the potential, because anyway, prices is pretty selective. That's why it's strategic. We are selectively pricing where it's possible on innovation. We are selectively pricing some countries to adjust our corridors, international corridor. We are selecting pricing on where we discover opportunities. And we are pricing up or down. In some cases, we are pricing down certain SKUs or certain markets. In the case of SKUs, we may be pricing down because we have discovered that this brand, this SKU is sourcing from us and there is a specific price point where this sources increases. Or we may price down in a certain market because of the corridor versus other market to limit the phenomenon of people buying outside of the market or being -- comparing prices and being demotivated by these comparisons. So that's the work we are doing, and that is all included in our strategic prices concept.
