Fabrizio Freda: Yes. I think, first of all, your assumption is correct. Our data confirms that those are consumers that while traveling are buying, discovering or replenishing their products. So then there is business travel, where people that travel for business bring back some gifts, and obviously, this creates consumption. But in travel retail, the most successful products all over the world tend to be what we call our hero products, so the products which have high loyalty, a high repurchase rate because both as a gift and as for personal consumption, which are the 2 drivers of travel retail, people really want to buy products that they are pretty sure will either replenish their habits or create exciting gifts.  In that sense, there is the possibility to recover at least part of the travel retail sales in the country of origins. And we are working on this in every country, many emerging markets, in China, in U.S., in Europe. And so there is a project to do this as much as possible. However, in this moment, to be very clear, travel retail in Europe and U.S. is basically closed. And so in the quarter 4, there is a very big issue of closures that is in the middle of the travel retail sales, which are possible in the short term.  In Asia, we are seeing already amazing results when there are openings. In this moment, the travel retail within China, particularly in the Hainan island or the travel retail in Korea, the travel retail in Hong Kong, Macau, these start already coming back and is delivering good growth. We are focusing, in this case, very much more on conversion and is working. So it again is a word to tail. But the real travel retail recovery will start happening in fiscal year '21 with the gradual reopening of travel and will be probably one of the most gradual reopening in the recovery from our expectation and from our data.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. I'll start from what we're seeing on the sales side and then let Tracey cover all the financial implications and the financial aspects. So the recovery, first of all, is very different by region because the COVID-19 issue is a different speed and a different level of depth in different markets, and some markets are already, as you know, in recovery, other markets are still in the middle of the issue. So we are managing things in a very differentiated set of way by region, by country.  So what we see in this moment is that in -- still, the closures are in Europe and U.S. are 90%, 12%. If you have seen some of the data that are emerging on the situation in United States in the last week of March or the first week of April, the market was minus 70%, and the brick-and-mortar closure has a very big impact. So this -- we see the month of March, the month of April and part of month of May where closures are very big in EMEA and in North America, has been probably the worst moment for that region. And then we see a gradual recovery as the brick-and-mortar will open in these regions, meaning Europe and America. And also in Europe and America, we see already an extraordinary progress of the online. That's the key important point.  On the other side, in places -- in April, in places like China, Korea, Taiwan, we see already double-digit growth. We already see the recovery being very active. And that, for us, is very encouraging because it shows that as soon as there is a recovery, as soon as there is a recovery from the consumer point of view, so when the consumer are back with the spirit of really going back to their normal habits like is starting, as I said, in China, Korea or Taiwan, the double-digit growth comes back fast. And because we are seeing -- we see both increased consumption, we see a restocking in consumer homes and we see a restocking in trade, which happen at the same time. So the recovery is strong, but the recovery is for the moment only in these areas, and I said, is in global online.  In global online, most of the areas of the world is double digit but there are areas which are triple digit. And then the recovery, as I said, started in very few travel retail stores which are open, as I said, mainly in China and Korea, but the rest of the world for the moment is still closed. And so in fiscal year '21, we expect to see all the engines, meaning including the European and U.S. brick-and-mortar gradually coming back. But as Tracey has clarified in her prepared remarks, we believe the comeback of brick-and-mortar will be gradual. We have signs of this already in Asia, where the recovery really starts online and starts gradually in brick-and-mortar and brick-and-mortar acceleration takes much more time because it takes not only the technical reopening but takes the consumer confidence to buy and brick-and-mortar comes back. And this will only come back more gradually. So that's what we see. In summary, we see faster recovery in Asia for the moment, a lot of closures still in Europe and U.S., very fast recovery online globally and a more gradual recovery in travel retail.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And the other thing I want to add is, obviously, our job is also to protect our profitability. And when we saw this evolving, we started spending less already in February. And then in March, also our spending was reduced in order to mitigate the impact of the thing. So to be clear, we are anticipating the events. And so the spending was reduced, already starting gradually in February. The consumer sentiment started going down already in February. And then in March, when the closures started in United States, sales went to 0 because basically brick-and-mortar completely closed and the consumer was shocked, the retailers stopped ordering. So you need to see the month of March like a very big, deep moment. And that's why the overall number was -- or the quarter was negative.  But to be clear, until January included and already was true in the last quarter of calendar '19, we were stabilizing the business and this was going on the positive trends. And again, we plan, when the market will be back, to go back to our stabilization program. In terms of what will happen, to your question on what will happen to the other part of the business, which is not online, obviously, if the percentage of online business will increase, the rest will be reduced. And so in our opinion, there will be closures, there will be a reduction of brick-and-mortar stores overall. And this will make the brick-and-mortar stores more productive and the ability to deliver experience better. So we don't see this negative -- necessarily as negatively short in the long term. It will be obviously a negative in the short term.  And we see the future of freestanding store and brand.com being an omnichannel future. In this period, it's fascinating to see how consumers are learning different way to use the online, the concept of last mile, the role of the small convenience stores, meaning freestanding store versus brand.com, how the 2 combined can create new experiences. So there's going to be some interesting, and frankly, in our opinion, promising evolution of the ability to serve the consumer in a luxury environment in the future. But the transition is going to be complex, difficult. And in the transition, the biggest opportunity is the strong growth of online. And again for us, this is also a positive because we have a great infrastructure. We are very strong in brand.com, in retail.com, in platform, in pure plays, depending on which part of the world, there are -- this channel had a different percentage of the online business, but we are well covered in each one of them. And so driving this across the globe and in the United States is going to be in the transition out of COVID, the strongest opportunity.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. I'll start answer your travel question and then Tracey will go on the inventory and -- question. So -- but basically, you're right. I think what you were describing is what happened, but let me summarize it, is January was another extraordinary month for travel. So that's also what is in the mix. So in January, remember, January is Chinese New Year. So -- and Chinese New Year, yes, started to be impacted but still some of it happened. And so we gained market share. We were planning to do that. We had an amazing program in all the areas that were open and not only, but -- so travel was strong in the October, December period and continued to be very strong in general.  Then in February, there was a slowdown obviously but travel remained open in other part of the world. And then in March, travel really was closing. So yes, in travel in the month of March was the worst month. So the mix of the 3 months explained our strong market share performance in the quarter. I believe our market share performance in travel will continue, but the market in quarter 4 will be probably the worst in travel retail because Europe and U.S. have really closed. And in Asia, as I said, there is many Asia stores which are closed. There are 3 really active areas, which is within China, the domestic travel with Hainan to reach the center, which has been reactivated at a certain percentage, not fully, but with much higher conversion from travelers to purchases.  So the key point here, remember that about 10% of travel buy something. The moment travel get reduced but is open and 30%, 40% of travel buy something for several reasons, because of good marketing, because there is less people, because it's easier, because less crowded, because there are good activities, this changes. And so in this moment, we are really seeing active few doors but very important ones with very high conversion rates. And that's what is -- but then one -- the other thing which is encouraging in our travel retail reading in this moment is that in the moment, most of the world is closed, but when we see openings, the consumer is back very fast because the traffic will only be back gradually but the conversion rates can be much better.  And last thing I want to say, the other thing, which is the positive expectation for the long term in travel retail also in this class is also in travel retail, the percentage of business in retail, meaning the ability to prebook online when travel, is increasing. And as you can imagine, we have great capabilities in that. We have a good structure. We have invested in that. So we are ready. And you can imagine that in this area, particularly in the period of transition where sales retail will still be important also while traveling, you can expect a continuous increase of the online part also in travel retail. So very tough quarter for travel retail, but still, I believe that the long term of travel retail will remain extraordinarily strong and extraordinarily promising.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And I just want to add to this for the long term also, what were the most -- the best drivers for our growth before the crisis are the one which are coming better stronger. That seems to be the one that will come out stronger out of the crisis. If you think that online channels globally is coming out stronger, the Chinese consumers is recovering first and stronger. Skincare is recovering first and stronger than any other part. And within makeup, face makeup, within fragrance or seasonal fragrances and within travel retail, the very efficient travel retail doors of Asia are recovering faster.  So our key drivers of growth are recovering first and stronger for the long term. So said in other words, I see all the signs that the key drivers of growth will come out of this crisis stronger for the long term. And even if in the short term, we are going to be hit hard by the closures, particularly by the very understandable consumer shock in this moment in the medium, long term, we will be a stronger organization with our key long-term drivers further validated.  And one of these drivers will remain innovation, to answer your last question, is on innovation. We are continuing to innovate. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are reinforcing and investing in a Shanghai center to make sure that our innovation become even more relevant to Asia and to the Asian consumers and to the Chinese consumers, particularly. And we have a focus in our innovations much more than before in this period -- in this period of transition. We are focusing our ratio on fewer and bigger innovation. We are focusing our innovation on what works better online in this transition or trying to pivot online where possible because of the closures. And we have focused our innovation on hero franchises, meaning on the franchises, which are -- that have high consumer loyalty and high consumer awareness because in this moment of transition, in the middle of the crisis and out of the COVID crisis, we clearly see the consumers are interested in the brands they trust, in the product they know. They go back first to loyalty even before very new adventures. And so we are reflecting this in our innovation plan that in this moment, I believe, is one of the strongest we have had.
Tracey Travis: And Steve, to your question on the cost savings and the manufacturing variance. The way I would think about that in the fourth quarter, the $500 million to $600 million of cost savings, about 1/3 of it is related to employee actions and the other 2/3 related to other expense areas that we've stepped up in terms of our cost savings, advertising, consulting, travel, et cetera. So that's generally the split in the fourth quarter.  As it relates to our gross profit margin and you saw the impact in the third quarter, we expect that we will continue to see, in the fourth quarter, the impact obviously of the tariffs and of the higher third-party sourcing costs that will impact us in the fourth quarter. In addition to that, I spoke about the under-absorption of some of our overhead and labor costs that we need to expense in the fourth quarter. So the bigger impact will be in the fourth quarter on that. So our gross profit margins will decline further in the fourth quarter related to those onetime issues related to the lower production volumes. As we increase production volumes as we emerge out of COVID-19, that will correct itself.
Tracey Travis: Then on our infrastructure as well as our plans for holiday, clearly, we are mindful of and watching very closely in terms of as doors open, the productivity of those doors. So certainly, both with our retail partners as well as our own freestanding stores, just making sure as doors open, that they are productive, that they are profitable. And we will, as we have over the last few years, take appropriate actions if we find that we do emerge out of this with brick-and-mortar doors that are less profitable than we would like for them to be.  As it relates to holiday, at the same time, one of the things that Fabrizio, when he was speaking about online, the inference there is we are very much focused on the fact that demand remains strong. And it's really the access to our products that has become challenging in markets like in Europe as well as in the Americas. So lots of activity or programs shifting to online really to make sure that people can access our products. We also are focused on, for holiday, what we think holiday will be like. We actually are hoping that by holiday, things stabilize a bit. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are mindful that there could be a recession, certainly impact, but hoping that by holiday, people are ready to shop again. So our holiday programs remain intact. The quantities may be adjusted a bit, given how much demand has come back by that time.
Tracey Travis: Sure. So I mean in January, as Fabrizio mentioned, we actually saw positive growth in all of our markets, including in the Americas. We actually started to see some softness towards the end of February. And to your point, the doors were not closed but certainly, it was apparent by that time that COVID-19 was starting to spread, and consumers were starting to get a bit nervous about shopping in-store and really focusing on stocking up on more essentials. And then March, we saw the biggest impact obviously with the doors closed, half of March, but really the early part of March, a tremendous decline in shopping because of the tentativeness of the consumer and really the consumer focused understandably so on health and essentials for their homes and their families.
Tracey Travis: And as far as the inventory in the trade, in our -- with our wholesale customers, clearly with stores closed 6 to 7 weeks, I would say the early part of the door closures we saw -- we started to see a slow pickup in online. And as we indicated, it has really progressed. So certainly, our retailers, those that can share inventory between their brick-and-mortar and their online sites have been drawn down on some of the store -- inventory planned for stores on their retailer.com sites. And we've seen those progress quite nicely and sales really picking up strongly in the last 2 to 3 weeks in particular.  So as doors open, we expect that from a shipment standpoint, we'll see a slow reorder from a replenishment standpoint, certainly from some of the move -- the fast movers that have moved most quickly on retailer.com sites. But as the quarter progresses, we would expect shipments to gradually strengthen throughout the quarter, and by June, really be much stronger.
Tracey Travis: So as you know, Dana, as we've announced, we have taken some short-term cost actions to improve the liquidity situation, and we announced those in the middle of April and so those are some of the employee actions that we've taken. And then some of the other actions are also short term as it relates to advertising, really rightsizing more our advertising to the current sales trends, which will obviously pick up as our sales trends pick up.  There are other areas like travel. I think we're all getting used to the ability to work from home and communicate online. And so there are other areas that are more discretionary that we certainly are looking at more permanently, having cost reductions in some of those other cost areas. So -- but it's something that, as you know, we have ongoing cost management programs in addition to the program for Leading Beauty Forward, we have other cost actions, and we take advantage of the opportunities that we see to lock in savings whenever we can.
