Tracey Thomas Travis: Sure. So it's a bit difficult to quantify because we certainly had product substitution that happened in the trade and certainly with consumers. But we believe it was worth a couple of basis points, Tim, from a sales standpoint.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Bill, it's Tracey. Lastly, I will mention, regarding your commentary on specifically the third quarter and EMEA performance. As Ivan mentioned, he does not have the responsibility for travel retail or the U.K. Travel retail was a big driver in the profit growth in the third quarter, given their sales performance. I also mentioned that we had shifted some advertising that had previously been focused on the third quarter into the fourth quarter. And that did impact travel retail as well. So not only did they have a great sales quarter, they had terrific cost performance that was driven by cost-savings initiatives, but also we did shift some timing of advertising spending.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay, Alice. I'll take -- this is Tracey. I'll take the first part of that question. As it relates to the SMI shifts, and I know we have a lot of different shifts to talk about with respect to our performance. But as it relates specifically to the SMI shifts, there is no impact in the fourth quarter. So that shift was between the second and the third quarter. As it relates to some of the challenges that we had with our latest SMI implementation, I mentioned that we think that, that was worth a couple of basis points in the third quarter, possibly a couple of basis points in the fourth quarter. We largely have those issues behind us. We had planned for the third quarter to be our hyper-care quarter to really resolve any issues related to the start-up. We've extended that a bit into the fourth quarter but certainly are well on our way to resolving those issues and being able to move forward with our next release of SMI.
Tracey Thomas Travis: The travel retail growth in the third quarter was 11%. I think you asked about China as well, and shift adjusted for SMI is about 27%.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So in -- no, we didn't say a couple of basis points. Advertising was up roughly 4% in the third quarter. And what Fabrizio said is we expect that it will be flat to last year in terms of the fourth quarter -- relatively flat to last year in terms of the fourth quarter. So overall, we expect that our advertising spend will be up mid-single digits for a full year. And that's comparable to what we had expected coming into the year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the extra 15 days of inventory, assuming that it's the right inventory, actually helps us from a sales standpoint. As we see an acceleration of sales, we expect to draw down on that inventory.
Fabrizio Freda: First of all, we didn't get any difficulties in fiscal '13 in deliver our margin growth numbers. Actually we are over-delivering our margin growth results. And in the last 3 years, we have been growing margin in a very strong way. So we plan to continue our margin growth. As announced, our target is 15.5% to 16%. Actually, we are -- the way we are trending, we are more likely to hit the top of our guideline. Because as we said, we have the capability to grow about 0.5 margin point per year, driven by a mix of cost savings, mix of products at geography and categories and the initial impact of our SMI value creation model.
Fabrizio Freda: It's a combination of factors. The most important factor is that in travel retail after initial destocking during the beginning of our fiscal year, the retail sales and the net sales are now aligned. Our retail sales in travel retail has been strong and double-digit all along. And now that net sales are aligned to retail sales, this imply an acceleration of our travel retail sales. On top of that, travel retail is continuing to be very successful with expanded distribution, where appropriate, and also travel retail sales are also depending from the quality of the initiatives we have in the various countries. And as we discussed, the quality of our innovation is going to accelerate. And in this way, it's going to drive also our travel retail sales.
Fabrizio Freda: So our distribution strategy includes a continuous increase in distribution of our key brands in specialty multi around the world. Referring to your specific question on Sephora U.S., where it's below the -- the test has basically started only few -- 6 months ago, so the test will continue. And when we will read the test, we'll decide the opportunity for the expansion. And the same for Aveda in Nordstrom. We started there recently, so we are still in the middle of the test. But there are other activities going on many of our brands, particularly our new brands. Ivan commented in his prepared remarks that the part of the strategy of expanding our brands internationally in gaining new distribution is a big part also of the forecast in Western Europe. We also are improving distribution via freestanding stores around the world. And the other big driver of distribution is China, where we are increasing distribution in tier-2 and 3 cities, and this increased distribution in tier-2 and 3 cities is actually now getting applied to more and more emerging markets in general, for example, in Brazil with the brand market. And we are opening new geographies. We recently opened some new geographies in Africa, particularly with the M-A-C brand. And we continue expanding distribution in the geographies that we opened more recently, like Vietnam and others. So -- but the -- I want also to clarify that the majority of our growth is still coming from same doors, and we are growing very well, same doors. So distribution is really a net extra versus the main strategy, the remain same-door strategy in general, as a total company. Last, your travel retail question. Yes, there are newer reports and particularly, the travel corridors, meaning where consumer travels and which nationality travel where has been studied in depth. And so we are adjusting our distribution to be completely relevant to the traveling corridors, to which consumer travels where and which are the airports, which are getting the maximum success in these years.
Fabrizio Freda: Wendy, the -- first of all, as we explained already in the first 6 months that the big driver of our -- at the end forecast in this fiscal year, at the bottom of our initial range, so 6% to 8% -- you're right, we are projecting 6%, is mainly the change in the market assumption. The 6% to 8% was accompanied by an estimate for the market around 9% -- sorry, 5%. And today, we believe that the market is trending more 3%. So there is a, first of all, a difference in the market. And then we -- so what we see -- how we see the future is that we are going to accelerate our top line already in the fourth quarter. And the main driver of it is the acceleration of our quality of innovation by brand, as explained by Tracey in her remarks. Also for us, it's very important the alignment of retail sales and net sales for travel retail. And it's also clear that some of our difficult markets like Korea, Russia or Southern Europe, will start having, in our numbers, probably -- we hope -- we at least count on having hit the bottom or close to the bottom. Which means that in terms of comparable sales, this will be helping the growth in the next quarter and in the future in general. So that's the way we see it. So we are pretty comfortable with our 6% to 8% long-term range to continue to be our focus.
Fabrizio Freda: So in terms of retail -- sell-in and retail, frankly, this assumption on many things is a function of innovation pipeline build. It's a function of, obviously, our going to SMI that when we announced that we'll go to SAP, the trade react, as you know, stocking gap -- and then during the SAP, like this time where have some problem, this was a good idea because the problem is being contained also because we had some stocks. So these are all managed very carefully and has a certain influence on the relation between retail and not, But the biggest influence, frankly, is the expectation on the market. There are some markets where the retailers are concerned with the trend of consumption, and they become more prudent to stock. And then when the consumer goes away, they stock back again. And this is very different in different parts of the world. You have seen this happening in the beginning of the fiscal year in travel retail, then happening in the Southern European markets in Europe, in general, during this period. And so that's the way it goes. But we managed the global portfolio in a way that we try to be as aligned as possible over the long term. Now as far as Europe is concerned, I'd like Ivan to answer this question.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. In terms of the innovation, Clinique CC, for example, is a great formula, which also as an important advantage is the concept is very attracting. Clinique is the biggest brand in the U.S. in prestige and in total. And so when a new innovation is brought, with great product, new concept by the biggest brands has a big impact on a market, and that's what we are counting on. And by the way, we are seeing and also seeing in our tests. And then there are many other innovations. For example, Estée Lauder Advanced Night Repair eye serum is not the first eye product on the market but is a roaring success and it will definitely continue into the fourth quarter. Zegna Uomo launch is a new fragrance that is the first Estée Lauder big launch of a Zegna fragrance, and the initial results are exciting. And we have innovation, obviously, on every other brands, particularly on M-A-C, that are very exciting. There are also some innovation that we cannot yet discuss for competitive reason, that we are very excited for that will impact the near future. So we are really proud of our innovation pipeline, as we discussed in CAGNY.
Fabrizio Freda: So we cannot speak about April. But what we see, as we said -- yes, you're right. In U.S. in March there was an acceleration, and it was a good one. And as I said, we are very comfortable and confident of continuous acceleration based on innovation program and our strong advertising investment in the fourth quarter, and not only in the United States. In terms of the travel retail question, we are looking for...
Fabrizio Freda: And also I would like to clarify one thing on advertising spending. The absolute amount of total advertising, merchandising sampling is also what has an important impact. And the absolute amount, the biggest absolute amount is in the fourth quarter. So the third quarter increased 4% in a 5% adjusted sales environment. So to be clear, as a percentage of sales, this was down, not up. And in the fourth quarter, we are going to be about flat in terms of total advertising but with the biggest amount in any quarter to support our innovation, which means a gain in terms of percentage of sales is going to be slightly down. So we are -- we have a very solid advertising team. And then I want to clarify on advertising, the concept that our advertising makes in a quarter is influenced enormously by which brand has innovation in that quarter, which category and which region. Because our advertising spending level is very different by brand, by category, by region. Example, if the new innovation is on M-A-C, there will be less advertising and more in-store investment than if the initiative is on Clinique, which would be more advertising investment and less in-store. If the launch is in China or is in, I don't know, in a European market, there will be a different level of advertising because China is more advertising intensive than some European markets. And the same by category, Fragrances or skin care tend to be more advertising investment than makeup. So it's very difficult for us to read the year by quarter-by-quarter progress of advertising. Just as with a normal consumer company, we depend a lot by mix of innovation and our focus is to be really delivering the maximum effectiveness and efficacy of our innovation launches, and that's the way we made the decision on advertising, not absolute level by quarter.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. So in terms of pricing, our -- there's about 2 points to pricing in our sales, and that's been also consistent in the last years. And we do not expect this to change in a very significant way. In terms of growth versus competition, we are growing 2 points at least above market. So we are growing global market share. We are growing global market share in some markets more than others. In the U.S., we have, for example, we are stable in market share this year in makeup and skin care, and we are losing market share in fragrances. And in fact, we are going to work now in acceleration innovation in skincare and makeup to accelerate growth and we are going to be more active in fragrance to start growing also in the Fragrance category. I'd also want to point out for example, in the U.S., that the overall market grew 12% versus mass growing 1%. So we have about 40% market share in the U.S. So the double-digit growth of the prestige market in the U.S. that we are generating with our activity is benefiting, first of all, us. So even in the context of a stable market share for some months, this is still very beneficial and is still the right strategy to continue to source and -- from mass and grow the category as a whole, where we have a big market share. In markets where we have smaller market share like Europe, you just heard Ivan's comments where market share gain has been spectacular, in market like Italy, where the market is minus 5%, we've been growing 7%. Again, this is by choice. Because since the euro, we have a 13.7% market share, we are aiming at growing market share, taking advantage of the recession period, so to enjoy bigger market share later. And then in emerging market, we are growing market share very aggressively everywhere in China. In the last quarter, we counted we have grown 1 full market share point, as an example. So we keep growing market share overall and in the selected market, with very specific strategy by market, which depend by the level of market share in that market, and that's going to drive our strategy. In terms of advertising, are we investing enough? I think we have basically doubled the level of media investment over 3 years. I believe that's been one of the major element of our restructuring. We have taken, as you all know, a lot of cost out of the system and we have reinvested part of this in creating the right level of media investment for the company. The company needs to expand globally. I think I feel very comfortable with the level of advertising power that we have reached at this point in time. And from now on, we believe we can continue driving media updates on sales growth, while internal percentage of sales, we are in the range of our ultimate goals.
Fabrizio Freda: So on the U.S. NPD sales 12% in the last -- in March. And so is the -- I will just indicate in this as how much prestige is growing more than mass. And we have been growing also at retail very, very well in the March month, as you probably know, from NPD data. In terms of our big initiative on Clinique that you mentioned, yes, this is a big initiative. And we are doing it in the moment we believe is the right moment from a competitive standpoint in every market. So if we are continuing to adjust the launch dates and activities is based on our decision by market and our competitive position more than anything else. But, yes, this is going to be a very important initiative for us, and we believe will be a successful one. And then in terms of La Mer, yes, this has been recently launched and obviously, this is an important initiative for La Mer summer. And for the La Mer brand, this is going to be an important initiative. The specific SKUs are not going to be significant in the context of the total company but very important for the La Mer brand.
