Fabrizio Freda: On China, China market was growing double-digit, the total market, and we are growing much, much stronger than the market, much stronger than the market. So we are gaining market share in China, and in quarter two was our strongest share market gain in a given quarter in China.
Fabrizio Freda: As we say, we are delivering, we plan to deliver our margin growth goals for the fiscal year in total. But in the second semester, we are planning to invest on our strengths. And so you mentioned advertising, in absolute terms advertising will increase significantly, particularly in the digital areas in the influencer global strategies and with focus in the markets where there is momentum. So we are investing on strengths. And advertising would also increase a little bit, slightly in terms of percentage of sales. But we are also investing in technologies which are driving our business drivers. We are investing in reinforcing our analytics, which are driving our ability to make choices on the business that I believe this quarter proves they are becoming sharper and sharper every time. We are investing more in the key markets where we see momentum and in subcategories where we see momentum, and obviously on our key brands and hero products and the hero product franchise strategy that we are pushing, which is working so well. And we will continue to invest online where we see strong growth both in the area of our brand dotcom and in the retailer dotcom with all our partners. So, we will continue to invest in our strengths and we plan to solidify and make sustainable the strong accelerated growth trends.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, we are not changing our strategy. We continue to invest in our brand dotcom, in our retailer dotcom, and in the platforms where we control our assets and our destiny.
Fabrizio Freda: I think I can answer the two questions in one. Basically we are still in line with our plans on Too Faced and BECCA and we are very happy of how these brands are performing within our portfolio, and particularly they are filling one of our strategic priorities, which is to increase our market share in the specialty channel globally, and this is really, really working. In terms of how the plan changes, the plan changes continuously, our big strength is the agility to adjust the plan when we see market variation. So in that sense, Too Faced has been growing less than what we originally thought in the U.S. and we have been accelerating on the contrary the growth internationally more than what we thought, and that's why in the short term it is likely different impact on profitability because the international expansion is slightly more expensive than the North America expansion. But those are variations of agility within the overall plan, which we are very happy with.
Fabrizio Freda: I mean to answer your China expectation is a difficult question to answer in the long-term, but we believe that double digit growth is sustainable. That's basically the bottom line. Prestige beauty has been growing double-digit in China in the past five quarters, and to your question, is accelerating. We see the market in quarter two was stronger and our performance was stronger than previously, so the reason acceleration. What is driving this acceleration, yes, there's been an impact on the duty reduction on the pricing in the country that we all have executed, and this probably is past what's happening in the market and building the consumption. And that is not only that, it is also the digital economy and the impact of social media is strong and is getting better and we are getting very good in executing this. Our team in China is executing in a fantastic way and a lot of the great results have to be attributed to their talent in executing our programs. The other aspect is pretty simple, we are not increasing number of cities and we are not increasing distribution in quarter two in a very big way. The majority of the growth has been same-doors. And the other interesting aspect is that China is leapfrogging the model of many other big markets like United States. In which sense? In the sense that the department store, the brick-and-mortar is still very focused in high-traffic areas. For example, we are only in 170 cities. Today we serve consumers from 650 cities because the remaining cities we serve it via online. That's why in China online is already 27% of our sales in quarter two, which is making the growth in China pretty productive and the ability to make it sustainable in my opinion better. So, in a nutshell, we believe that double-digit market growth should be relatively sustainable, obviously subject to shorter up and downs, and we believe we have a very solid position and this solid position should continue.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, but to give you a general perspective on digital distribution, some of our brands today are in one-tenth of the distribution of Lauder and Clinique, some other in one-fifth. So, if the benchmark will be Lauder and Clinique, there will be infinite opportunity for the distribution. But the reality is that we have a different distribution target by brand and some brands, particularly our luxury brands portfolio, will be eased and will continue to be less distributed and more focused and more selective than our broader distributed brands. So, it's a complex portfolio and it's very selected distribution by brand that is what we are aiming, but the key point is there is further opportunity of distribution in our portfolio.
Fabrizio Freda: And our M&A strategy is pretty articulated and we have also minority investments that may become available in the next year, so which are already past of our articulated portfolio strategy. And so, our priority is fielding our strategic opportunities and doing it only with brands which are ready for doing that, which are strong enough for doing it, and obviously which are available at the right level of return on invested capital, and this will continue. So how do we see our portfolio in the long-term? Stronger, better, and better covering all our key strategic opportunities to help us deliver the real ultimate goal of sustainability, which is a multiple engine growth, well-diversified portfolio which is covering the key long term opportunity that we analyze and envisage with our complex strategic process.
Fabrizio Freda: And on this I just want to clarify just the process that we go through. We analyze this, we analyze our risks, our opportunity in this 5%. There is a lot of our point of view on the base, as Tracey explained, the base period and the risks which are in front of us, including some risks specifically in the U.S., Bon-Ton announcement and many other things which are in this number. But any way, our teams are always charged to beat our estimates. That's just the way we work. So, to answer your question, are you trying to beat this number, yes, every time. That's exactly the way our organization works. We are trying to mitigate the risks and better perform on our implementation. In terms of BECCA and Too Faced, no, they are not growing 70%, if that's the question, and they are growing more in line what the expectation will be over the long term. In the calendar year 2017, it was our first calendar, they grew double digit, and that was what we wanted. And then by month, by quarter, up and downs depending on competitive environment. I think that's why we are doing faster than what we thought also on these two brands the creation on multiple engines of growth, meaning the internationalization of the brands and the acceleration particularly of the online platforms of the brands where we have plenty of opportunity of improve and accelerate. So, we are going to invest and focus on creating more engines of growth also on those two brands in the next step, as was originally planned, but faster than originally planned.
Fabrizio Freda: So, I'm not sure exactly what the question is, the U.S. growth, what we expect about prestige beauty in the U.S. So, the overall prestige beauty market in the U.S. is solid and we expect this to continue to be solid and possibly to accelerate because of the new consumption trend that the consumer is setting. So, the overall consumption is positive and accelerating. Is more where the consumption is happening? And the consumption is happening more and more online. And so we see very good performance of the retail dotcom of most of our customers, including department stores which are having excellent performance there. We see a strong growth of our brand dotcom. We see some great performance in some specialty retailers. But where we still see the traffic not picking up for beauty in the level we would like is the physical distribution of certain retailers, particularly in the area of department stores. And we see some potential changes, like the recently announced change of the Bon-Ton department store chain, that will impact store closures and reallocation of resources. So, the market is solid but the physical retail environment is subject to continuous evolution and challenges. And so, since we have an over-proportion exposure to the physical department store distribution in the U.S., that's where our prudence on the estimate for that part of the market comes from, not from the consumption. The consumption is relatively solid.
Tracey T. Travis: Great question. Yes, we actually have seen new opportunities. So there's been relative to Leading Beauty Forward we launched almost two years ago now, and I think I have mentioned and Fabrizio has mentioned on previous calls, we've gotten quite a bit of engagement throughout the organization for the program and it's allowed us to move forward in a lot of areas as it relates to changing some of our organization structures to be a bit more efficient and more leveraged as well as bringing new capabilities into the organization along with reducing costs. So we have added some programs to Leading Beauty Forward.
Tracey T. Travis: So, it's a great question. We don't expect to see the year-over-year reductions and negative impact on our gross profit margin now that we are lapping the acquisitions in the second half of the year. We do expect some increases in input costs as well. There will be a bit of a delayed impact from that, but we certainly are mindful of fuel prices going up and the impact that that could have on us, as well as a few other input costs. But in general we are expecting slight favorability in our gross margin for the balance of the year.
Tracey T. Travis: And regarding Chinese New Year, it is a few weeks later this year than it was last year. So we do expect to see slight, both from anniversarying a stronger acceleration last year as well as on a later Chinese New Year this year, a bit of a mitigated growth in the third quarter from China because of that.
Tracey T. Travis: So, Olivia, we still have quite a bit of upside. Too Faced in particular is still largely a U.S. based brand. We have started the plans to rollout internationally, and given the potential that we believe the brand has, actually are accelerating those plans over the second half of the year and into fiscal 2019. Our most broadly distributed brands are Estee Lauder and Clinique, and as we said, Estee Lauder has experienced double-digit growth in the second half. So, distribution certainly is a factor in growth, but also strong consumer engagement, strong innovation also can drive even a more broadly distributed brand to grow, as we are seeing with Estee Lauder and Clinique grew as well this quarter, as did MAC. So we have with our 30 brands quite a bit of flexibility. We talk about multiple engines of growth and we've certainly built that over time from a Company standpoint, both brands, regions, and obviously channels, and we are executing against that, I think as you can see from our quarter results and our year-to-date results.
Tracey T. Travis: So, on the working capital, thank you for recognizing that we did have improvements in working capital, both in terms of our inventory days to sell and certainly payables also. So, we continue to have many strategies across the organization to improve working capital and we expect that to continue over the next few years, ongoing improvements in working capital. As it relates to our capital allocation decisions, and I talked about some of that in our prepared remarks, but our M&A strategies, we certainly feel very good about the portfolio we have. We have identified some whitespace areas that if the right assets become available, we given our strong balance sheet and strong cash flow would certainly entertain those acquisitions if they have the right return on invested capital.
Tracey T. Travis: Yes, we are continuing to renovate our freestanding stones. In fact, as we said in the prepared remarks, one of the big focus areas for the Company is improving the productivity of our freestanding stores. So, in some of the MAC stores for instance, we have converted them to open style. We are testing out services in freestanding stores and investing in capital as it relates to that. So there is continued remodeling in addition to opening stores, new doors, primarily in EMEA and APAC, and really the focus on renovations in the U.S. in terms of some of the tests.
Tracey T. Travis: So, in terms of Q4, you're correct that the implied growth is in the mid to high single digits for Q4, and we are anniversarying a very strong Q4 from last year, Ali. We will continue to invest in Q4 in higher advertising and promotion, more in Q3 than in Q4, but we have a tremendous amount of momentum as we have indicated in certain markets and behind certain innovation and we'll continue to invest for the balance of the year against that.
Tracey T. Travis: Yes, so clearly we are exploring some options, as Fabrizio said, as it relates to employee benefits and that is embedded within our guidance. But in terms of the full year SG&A, what I indicated was we are seeing a tremendous amount of growth from travel retail as well as online, so just mix obviously impacts our selling expense. And beyond that, we have done a fair amount of work in terms of selling effectiveness, both to provide our selling teams with the tools to enhance their productivity as well as making sure we've got the right investment for the volume growth that we are experiencing across different channels that have selling in them. So that is the largest leverage, if you will, of expense. The other is employee productivity. So, we have also leveraged our G&A expense as it relates to employee productivity.
Tracey T. Travis: Thank you everybody for participating in our call. And again, we are pleased with our results and incredibly pleased with the performance that our teams generated in the first half of the year, and we look forward to the second half of the year.
