Fabrizio Freda: Wow, this is one question. But yes, basically, prestige market we believe will continue to grow 4% to 5%. In this moment, it's pretty solid. The drivers of the global prestige market, frankly, are not changing, and they are the higher consumption of prestige from the millennial consumers. The higher access to luxury and prestige businesses in emerging markets, particularly in China. And the continuous – the higher level of usage, particularly on makeup, of the millennial consumers versus previous generations. The recent improvements of the trend is in skin care where the millennials are also entering more than skin care business. Now what is the consequence of us of this is frankly a better balance of the growth between makeup and skin care is favorable to us because our skin care margins are better than the overall makeup margins, but I want still to remind that, within makeup, there are certain categories like face or foundation, which are also very profitably like many other skin care categories. So it's a very good positive. In term of the impact of this trend on Too Faced and BECCA, makeup is growing. Now the new news is the acceleration of skin care. Frankly, I don't see any big issue with deceleration of makeup, also because makeup continues to grow internationally in a very strong way, and we are, in fact, deploying Too Faced and BECCA more internationally. So what is our expectation for Too Faced and BECCA? Obviously, after we have finished to add them – when we will add them in the base, we plan to continue growing this brand double-digit and, as part of this, the internationalization of these two brands will be an important step.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And I just want to underline the point that we are working very closely to our department store partners to look for accelerating and finding a better way to attract higher traffics also in the brick-and-mortar malls – stores, and we see some promising signs that some of the activity we are testing and learning about has a stronger effect on consumers than what we have done in the last couple of years. So we will keep focusing on that. But to Tracey's point is the balance (34:30) is being where the consumer is. And I want to underline where the consumer is, is more and more online. And so our strength online including our strength online with our department store partners is a big part of this mitigating impact of the change of traffic in the country.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. No, GLAMGLOW is doing extremely well. It's continued to grow in the U.S. and is expanding internationally, is, in this moment, very successful in the U.K., for example, and is expanding in other markets. The target that we are hitting is the younger consumer. So millennials really like GLAMGLOW. The strength of the GLAMGLOW, in this moment, skin care proposition, are several, but two standouts in my opinion. One is that the glow overall promise of the entire brand, the benefit of glowing skin is one of the most desirable benefits in the market in this moment and, importantly, is the most desirable benefit for younger skins, which is behind a lot of the growth we are seeing in skin care around the world, which is driven by that target group. The second strength is the fact that this brand is focused on masks, and masks is the fastest-growing product category in skin care in this moment in most of the global regions. And third is that this brand is, as you said in your question, expanding into other categories beyond masks. And every single very careful decision we have taken to expand the category is working and is giving great results. It is coherent from a consumer standpoint. And finally, as I already said, the internationalization of the opportunity. So again, a good acquisition, a good promising start of the acceleration of this brand, and a lot still do to in the next years to make this brand one of our mid-size and then one day very big brands in our portfolio.
Fabrizio Freda: So our online business is still growing very strong. We were up 33% in quarter one. And our online by now represent about 11% of total sales now globally, but the penetration is much higher than 11% in some of the top markets where online is very strong. We are growing our online business this quarter in general in our estimate for the year. We have growth in our brand dot-com, in our retail dot-com, and in platforms. So all the three segments are growing very strongly. This quarter, particularly brand dot-com remain very strong, but we saw a tremendous acceleration of platforms, namely Tmall. And as we said in the prepared remarks, the beginning of our investment in Lazada in Southeast Asia. And we saw amazing progress in retail dot-com across the world. So growth in department store retail dot-com in the U.S., growth in the specialty-multi retail dot-com and growth in many retail dot-coms around the world. Actually, the exception is China where in China is now retail dot-com driven but is Tmall driving the growth. So very strong and, as we said also in the prepared remark, clearly scalable. We have opened 100 sites just this quarter in a very efficient way, scalable and agile, meaning where we see it works, we can invest more. Where it doesn't work, we can smoothly change and revise and review what we're doing.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. On the other two questions, so the short answer, and then I'll give you more detail, is that we believe that a double-digit growth is sustainable. Now, the 50%, 40% are – may happen again by quarter depending on volatility, but I could not define (47:17) them as sustainable model, obviously. The double-digit growth in China and double-digit growth in retail over the long run should be sustainable trends. Let me go one by one. In China, we are seeing, in this moment, an amazing results, but also in like-door we have 33%. And that's super strong, we are growing market share. And interesting, this quarter we saw these amazing results without increasing the number of cities, but just increasing the number of doors in the cities where we need to be more penetrated, where we need to put more brands. So it's about more establishing our strengths rather than further expanding the number of cities this quarter, which, again, shows the power of online in city – in China, where the cities where we're not expanding brick-and-mortar yet, because it's not yet efficient, we still can reach the city with online. So the model is pretty interesting, pretty sustainable, and has power. The second thing I would like to say on China, the market continued to grow. So we are growing above the market and building market share, but the market was about 30% growth, so very strong. It's about new consumer. It's about new access, as I said in my prepared remarks. The other important thing in China is we are growing in every single channel in China: department stores, Sephora, freestanding stores, online. They're all growing double-digits. So there is a really well spread. And then in every brand in our portfolio, we are growing. We are growing in makeup. We are growing in skin care. We are growing in fragrance. So it's broad growth, and so it's sustainable, in our opinion, on a more or less double-digit trend. On travel retail, travel retail has been very strong. We have seen this quarter an acceleration of travel retail in the retail – at retail levels, so a retail acceleration. And this is driven by trends which are sustainable, some trends are the market, meaning the traffic of travelers is very solid. But a lot of what's happened is driven by us. One is about conversion, meaning today we estimate that 15%, depending on airport region, of people entering in airport shop anything. So it's just driving the conversion from travelers to shoppers is an enormous opportunity to continuous traffic growth, and this isn't the end of the brands because this has a lot to do with investments we do in the current (49:45) or in the market of all regions. So the fact that we are investing more in China, we are investing more in Brazil, we are investing more in Russia, et cetera, this is the reason why our countries in travel retail is working better and better, because our conversion in travel retail thanks to the marketing work that our teams do in every one of these countries is working better and better thanks to the assortment we choose in these places is getting better and better. So it's not only about traffic, it's about what we do and what we invest in every single country. And that's why we believe that this is sustainable of more or less a double-digit trend in the long term. The other reason why it's sustainable is very broad. As I explained, it's not only Asia. We grew in travel retail in EMEA, in Latin America, in the U.S., in Asia. Obviously Asia has been particularly strong, but it's broad-based the growth that we see in this moment. And we have developed a strategy where we really can follow the consumer across traveling corridors, and we can make sure also our innovation speaks to them in a coherent way between current country or regions (50:56) where they travel. And so, in summary, strong and sustainable, but not at the levels we have seen this quarter.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. No, frankly, this is the number that we see, we estimate for the year. Now, could be more 5% than 4%, absolutely, this first quarter was very solid. But you need to look at the – this is a global estimate. Now the retail in the U.S. is not super strong. The retail in Continental Europe is not super strong. U.K. is softening in term of market. The Latin America market is not super strong. So what you see today is actually an acceleration in Asia, absolutely. But you don't see in terms of total market every single region accelerated. So in total, with plus and minus, we still believe a 4% to 5%, probably more in the 5% area is what we see today. Which bring me to the second point that is, yes, we – I cannot speak for our competitors but from the number I see, I would agree with you, the big three are strong and are delivering market share growth overall, and we definitely are. We are growing market share in a significant way. And I think this is explainable in many ways but one way maybe I want to add as far Estée Lauder Company are concerned. The big amount of the small brands and new launches, innovation that's happening in the market has created a much more competitive trial environment, meaning consumer buying new products, try new products, being able to access many more new products. But repurchase is continued to be driven by high-quality products at brand they trust. So while the trial game is more competitive, the repurchase game is still in the hands of the hero franchises, the big brands, and these brands continue to deliver very strong repurchase. Remember, a lot of the profitability is in repurchase because trial, most of the time, is an investment. And so what you see is the power of product quality, the power of prestige experiences into play, and that in this very competitive market out there, still strong brands, great quality products, and fundamental superior experiences remain the reason for success.
Fabrizio Freda: So M·A·C North America, specifically, as we said, is continuing to decline in the brick-and-mortar part of the business, meaning the department stores and our freestanding stores, and had a tremendous acceleration online and is performing very well in ULTA – in the store of ULTA as we had explained. So that's the mix. So in total, there is a sequential improvement of the trend of the brand. Also, the innovation of M·A·C is planned to improve gradually across the fiscal year to be more in tune for the key trends in the United States of what has been in the past. So our expectation is that the brands, in total, will stabilize over time thanks to the distribution balance, the drive of online, the improved innovation program, and having then in the base the periods that the brand had in the last year. So this gradually will put the brand in a condition to stabilize and then in the longer term grow again. As I said, in many other markets of the world, the brand is flying, and in China even doubling. So, in total, we continue to expect the brand to have the power to grow. But in North America, this will take a little bit of time to stabilize.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Well, I'll start and then perhaps Fabrizio will pipe in. So we do expect, Wendy, to your point and spoke about the fact that we do expect to roll out more brands in specialty-multi this year. We've rolled out Bumble and bumble into specialty-multi. We continue to rollout M·A·C into specialty-multi. So we now have a good representation of brands in specialty-multi, and are doing quite well as we said in our prepared remarks. At the same time, Fabrizio reinforced the fact that we are also partnered with our department store customers to try to stabilize some of the declines that we've seen in their brick-and-mortar business – again, the retailer dot-com business is growing quite nicely, but in the brick-and-mortar business and a lot of good dialogue and discussion there, and we hope to see some improvement in that area. Those two things combined, we expect to come out of this year in a much better position as it relates to the U.S. market, both in terms of us having diversified our distribution more with our brand portfolio and hoping for some stabilization based on the activities of ourselves in combination with our retail partners in department stores and brick-and-mortar.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Sure, sure. So let me start with the cadence of the year in terms of organic growth. As you'll recall, Ali, we are anniversarying a fairly soft quarter last year. Our organic growth last year was 2% – a little over 2%, and so the 9% is on top of the 2% from last year from an organic standpoint and obviously not having Too Faced and BECCA in our numbers. We saw sequential improvement throughout the year, particularly in the second half in terms of our organic growth. So we started to see the pickup largely in our Asian markets, so certainly in China, in Hong Kong, as well as in our travel retail markets and that would be global. And so we are anniversarying that. And when you look at the second half of the year, both the combination of having Too Faced and BECCA embedded within the second half of the year still growing double-digits for both of those brands but also anniversarying that sequential improvement that we saw in our Asia and travel retail markets last year, that's where you see the organic growth starting to mitigate a bit in the second half of the year, still meaning that we have a terrific year that we expect to well outgrow the industry and gain share. As it relates to the SG&A in the quarter, I did talk about one timing issue that was embedded in that number, and that was a change in our stock comp plans that actually just caused a timing shift in the recognition of some of our stock comp expense. This is not the tax accounting change, but this is actually embedded in our expenses. So we had a little over 100 basis points of impact of that in terms of favorability in the first quarter that we'll see reverse out in the second and third quarter. The balance of the favorability was, to your point, a combination of mix as well as expense controls, and I would say it's about 50-50 in terms of the balance of between mix and expense controls. After that shift, that timing shift.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah. I think that in terms of the currency headwinds that we've had in the past, it's beyond the Americas, right? So, certainly, in the last couple of years, we've had negative currency that has offset quite a few of the initiatives that we've had in terms of cost-savings initiatives. When we guided the year, we said that we expect over the next few years to have on, average, 50 basis points of margin improvement. When you strip out all the noise from last year, we actually had 100 basis points of margin improvement. So – and we certainly have, in addition to continuing with some basic cost-saving programs, have the Leading Beauty Forward initiative, which is expected to deliver a fair amount of savings and allow us to leverage our organization in the next few years. So I believe that we will certainly get back to the historical margin and then some, given all the initiatives that we have over the last few years – over the next few years. But right now, our guidance is, on average, 50 basis points a year. And, as you know, we'll update that at the beginning of every fiscal year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So I'll start with your question on A&P. In the first quarter, we did see quite a healthy increase in A&P spend. It did not grow as fast as sales that we saw a slight amount of leverage in our A&P spend, but we actually expected to deleverage for the year. Again, we are making investments in several areas that generate momentum for the organization. And so we ultimately expect that it will – the A&P spend will grow faster than what we're projecting our sales growth to grow for the full year, which is a nice increase for us in terms of investment in markets that are growing quite fast.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So I think that there has been a bit of softening in the U.S. market, again, mostly in, in brick-and-mortar. As we spoke about, certainly, we've seen a lot of strength in online. So we are certainly continuing to see that. The other thing that's happening in the U.S. – and Fabrizio was talking about online and how we play in various areas of online, but there are beauty brands that are direct-to-consumer that are online-only that bypass any retailer. And these are some of the indie brands as well. And we see more of this phenomena in the U.S. market than in some of our global markets as well. So I think that, too, is impacting some of the results of some of the retailers. They're not captured in the retailers' dot-com business because they're actually – it's a brand to direct sale, things that come to mind like Kylie Cosmetics for instance.
