Fabrizio Freda: Okay, on travel retail, we are working very actively on conversion. Things like advertising in light boxes in the biggest airports for us, for example, working, marketing activities, airport online activities connected and obviously launches and merchandising on the launches of our new initiatives. We started from about 10% of people we are converting. We believe this is growing and now we are in the range of 12%, 15%. Over time, this may continue. Now obviously, there is no perfect number of this, but those are numbers that we collect airport-by-airport with our experience there, so it's difficult to do an average global number after this. But we are sure that the conversion ability of our activity is increasing and we will continue work on this strategy, which I believe in the medium, long term is a very important piece of the continuous increase of sales in travel retail. In term of our acquisitions, those are very small brands that we have acquired really to grow for the long term. Our acquisition strategy includes the idea of taking some brand that we believe are outstanding and particularly which are managed by outstanding entrepreneurs that we really love to get also in the company working with us on these brands and to grow these brands over the long term in their space. Now we have capabilities. We cover 140 countries. We have great R&D capability. We cover travel retail, we cover online. So we can give to these small brand access to opportunities they didn't have before. And this will drive, we believe, outstanding growth over the years. Is more think of La Mer, when we acquired La Mer, was a $1 million business and today, is the brand that it is. So that's the spirit, but it's not comparable to Smashbox. Smashbox was already a mid-sized brand and obviously has been growing, is doing fantastic, but is doing fantastic from an already bigger base.
Fabrizio Freda: So I think that we have been growing a bit less in skin care in the last quarters than we used to. And this is because we have a big business and because some of our initiatives delivered below our original expectation. But I still believe our skin care innovation pipeline is very solid. The opportunity to grow skin care in the long term remains big. The way we are thinking is we are increasing the amount of innovation in skin care. That's the concept. We have -- the growth of new categories in the skin care arena has been very interesting and very promising and we need to tap more into these new categories to grow more aggressively skin care, which we are going to do.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, on the skin care is the -- yes, there is, in the U.S. obviously, we -- our skin care has not been growing as strongly as it used to and so that's part of the issue that we are going to address. We need to increase the amount of innovation in the U.S. market to compete in a market that in skin care is becoming much the competitive, and that's the plan. There is innovation in multiple different skin care categories, well beyond moisturizers, serums, which are the traditional ones, as an example, masks, oils. So the skin care has become more competitive because innovation is happening at the same time in multiple categories. We are adjusting and actually anticipating with some new, I believe, strong ideas, these kind of trends for the future. The other thing that has been addressed in skin care is also linked to R&D. And a big part of the skin care consumption of the world comes from Asia. The moment Asia/Asia travelers are a bit softer, automatically, this has a negative input on the percentage of skin care sold. Today, there is this dynamic that we have discussed in the remarks that the softness of Asian travelers versus other travelers, for example, of other emerging markets has an impact on skin care. The third effort, there are some new trends in skin care, which are mainly Asian trends that we can address. And this frankly doesn't require necessarily R&D capability, but require the conceptual ability to transfer these existing brilliant products among regions. And that's also something which is happening and we will continue to do more aggressive that will push up our innovation programs in skin care. Last question that you had was on the 7%, 10% EPS growth x currency. And we -- that's a range. We had before an 8%, 12% range. And in that range, obviously, what will influence this range is, first of all, the sales, how the sales will go and importantly, the mix of the sales, because some of our sales are more profitable than others by channel, by category, by brand. So the mix of the sales is what is in this range. The level of the sales and importantly, the level of some of our cost saving programs, how much of this will be, at the end, impacting current fiscal year. As Tracy explained, we are working very hard to ensure that maximization of the saving year after year in line with our SMI goals.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And on the Asia margins, I think in Asia, the investments will continue and we will continue to invest in building the markets. Obviously, we will adjust the investments to the level of opportunities. The moment like it was this quarter where there was certain noise, certain softness, we felt that was not needed to push the investment beyond reasonable because the consumers were not reacting anyway. And also, we are trying not to make Asia over promotional. So we have tried, sometimes we accept lower volumes, like in this case, in China, to avoid it to become over promotional. And so those are choices for the long term. And they, yes, may have an impact quarter-by-quarter. But in the long term, we don't believe there will be margin pressures because of needed investments. Now the evolution of the mix by countries, this is obviously -- could be a big positive. There are countries which are more profitable, and countries which are less profitable, in China, so the mix is an element. The other element is the cost savings. Also in Asia, we have -- part of these cost savings that Tracey already referred to are also happening in Asia, where there is a lot of work going on in this moment on SMI value-creation activities. So the mix of all this, I believe, will allow us to continue over time to develop, in the proper way, our margin in Asia.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And I think we were very clear in the prepared remarks. Hong Kong skin care is among the most profitable businesses in Asia, and frankly, around the world. That's why it's difficult to offset it in a short term. Actually it would be the wrong decision, in our opinion, to try to offset it in the short term, cutting investment, which are, on the contrary, good investment, which will provide long-term solid growth.
Fabrizio Freda: There is also -- in the U.S., there is also, in the third quarter, there is a low base of retail because there was one less week in retail. So the indexes would be helped by that situation, by the low base last year.
Fabrizio Freda: . Yes. And also, I mean, all of you will remember the toughest winter on earth that we had last year in the U.S. and we have expectation that this has created a low base in term of retail opportunities for this very big market for us. And finally, there are many markets that last year were under pressure like Korea where, as we just said, frankly this is very good news, that we are again growing in Korea, like Russia, like Australia, like -- then there was the Venezuela issue last year in the second semester. So our assessment is actually we have an easier base, as Tracey said, in the second 6 months.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. Let me start from the overall. So the market, that grew about 5%, overall, in the quarter that we just closed, which was better than July-September last year. So the overall market in beauty, prestige beauty, in the U.S. is growing and is continue to grow faster than mass. So the fundamental phenomenon of -- that we had been driving over time and discussed with many of you that the ideal sourcing from mass and growing prestige faster than mass, this is still happening and is happening in a positive trend. The second reality is that, however, the way the growth is happening, the amount of growth which is happening online and in E&M commerce is increasing. We had strong growth online in the U.S. Our retail partners are having outstanding growth in their retail with us. And so the proportion of the growth that goes to retail is increasing. As a consequence, the pressure on brick-and-mortar productivity is also increasing, because there is less growth in the brick-and-mortar path and that's what you refer to the fact that traffic in some malls is not exciting and that's -- the 2 phenomenon are related. And so it's very important, over time, that we are doing this with many of our retail partners to continue to look at the productivity of the brick-and-mortar and to create traffic opportunities and to continue to build traffic also in brick-and-mortar in the right way. We believe holiday will be a great opportunity for that.
Fabrizio Freda: So we plan to continue investing in marketing and activities for the year. That's the reason why we are adjusting our estimates in EPS, is exactly to make sure that short-term issues will not impact what we believe are long-term investments. And so we will -- this fiscal year, we expect our marketing investment to be ahead of the previous year in absolute terms and to remain more or less stable in term of percentages. And the reason why the percentages will remain stable is also because the amount -- the growth on our known advertised brands or on our brands with lower level of advertising like the La Mer, the M-A-C in our portfolio, is obviously stronger than the growth on our heavy advertised brands like Lauder and Clinique. And so there is a mixed reason why the percentage remains stable but the actual level of spending is expected to increase. And we believe this investment will drive growth for the medium and the long term.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. And the 2 markets where the retail will definitely be ahead of shipments, in our assumptions, is travel retail in the U.S.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. So yes, I was referring to our business in department stores. That's where we have been challenged and we are going to improve our plans and work to go back to stronger growth. But I was referring to our business in brick-and-mortar department stores, not in specialty, which continues to grow very well. Also, the business in free-standing stores continue to work strongly, the business online continue to work strongly, and that's the picture in the U.S.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. That was the question, half currency, half Hong Kong, mainly. On the other half, that is not currency, a big, big percentage was the Hong Kong, Chinese part.
Fabrizio Freda: So yes, let's start from the U.S. What is in our -- again, Alice, we will try to remake your calculations to see what you said. That's not exactly the way we see it, but we will see. But anyway, your point is right, anyway. We need to have a much better performance in the second 6 months versus the base. As I said, we have an easier base. The second point I want to make on the overall is that although the majority of the growth of profit will need to come in the second 6 months, the absolute level of profit is the large majority is in the first 6 months. So if you look at the numbers, you will see that 60%, 65% of the absolute profit will be delivered in July-December. And only about a bit less than 40% or the profit will be delivered in the January-/June. So we have much more investment and cost flexibility to deliver the profit in the second 6 months than what we had in the first 6 months. Just as a general statement that explain, I hope, clearly why we have the confidence that we have. The second point is what should go better. I think many things should go better. As Tracey already explained, we assume that we will not have in the second semester the same Hong Kong issues that we have in the first -- in the second quarter. Second, we are assuming that in the U.S., we will deliver a better trend. How this will be composed? Will be composed by continued outstanding business on our M-A-C and on our luxury brands, on our rest of the world portfolio and stabilization or slight improvement versus stabilization on Lauder and Clinique. So not a huge assumption, but a reasonable assumption of our 2 biggest U.S. brands, while the rest of the portfolio, which is doing outstanding, is assumed to continue to do outstanding. Then there is a continuous improvement in the traveling corridors because, again, the base is different in the second 6 months and because there are many activity in travel retail that we are doing that we expect to make, as I said in my prepared remark, to make travel retail to go again above traffic. And that's the key goal and what is in our assumption. Third and last -- or fourth and last, what is in our assumption is the delivery of the cost saving opportunities that Tracey has commented on that obviously we have started. Don't forget that July is when we went live. So we have started many of the savings as soon as we can, but more of them will impact the second 6 months of the year, of the one that could impact the first 6 months of the year.
Fabrizio Freda: Let me start from Hong Kong. Again, as we said in our prepared remarks, the real big impact in Hong Kong started end September, early October. So in the course that we saw the initial softening, in fact, we were in July-September, stable in Hong Kong. But is -- our estimate is the impact that it will have on our business in the entire quarter. Our estimate is based in what we have seen in the month of October during the protest. So this is an estimate, and I cannot comment on why a competitor didn't bring it up. It is an estimate based on an October observation, which, by the way, was not the first quarter. I think we made it very clear in our report. The second thing is yes, we have a very big business in Hong Kong. We have a very high market share of Hong Kong. And because our business is also so strong in Mainland China, half of the Hong Kong business is done by Chinese and so also the market share of the Chinese that come in is very high. So as a concept, we have a very high market share in Hong Kong. And if Hong Kong get a cold, we get a bigger cold than many of our competitors and there are other parts of the world that if that part of the world get a cold, our competitor get a bigger flu. So it's a matter of market share in certain areas. By the way, we are very happy to have a very high market share in Hong Kong because it's a super market for the long term and we actually protect our market share with the appropriate investment in the short term because again, we are there for the long term. Answering your second question is Korea and Korean trends. First of all, let me say that I would like to say that we have been seeing this coming since a long time. You heard me speaking about Korean trends as a big idea in the market since a long time. So we have -- we recognize Korean trends. The fact that Korea is becoming an exporter of pop culture and trends in the Asian region and possibly around the rest of the world over time. The same way we have recognized for years when trends were coming from America and we have brought many brilliant American trends, or Californian trends, like our Smashbox brand does every day, to the rest of the world or French trends or Italian trends or even British trends, with our Jo Malone brand. So we are able to recognize trends when they are, wherever they come. And the way to compete with these Korean trends reality is actually to embrace them and to bring them around the world. Our brands, Clinique namely, has been one of the first brands in prestige bringing the BB creams and CC creams to the U.S., which is actually a Korean trend. And today, Smashbox and Clinique are a very high market share of BB and CC in this market in the U.S. And there are more trends that M-A-C has brought around the world on Korean looks. And by the way, this is one of the key idea behind M-A-C's success in Asia is the embracing of Korean looks of this brand, which is done fantastically well with amazing creativity. So that's the first part of the answer is that our brand are embracing Korean trends. The proof that we are doing this well is that, as I just said, we are winning again in Korea. And the fact that the Estée Lauder brand is growing in Korea and that some of our brands, makeup brands like M-A-C or other skincare brands, are winning big in Korea again means that we actually, on purpose, we have used our activities to learn how to compete with Korean brands, leveraging local relevant Korean trends in Korea so that we can then compete effectively in the rest of the world. The second part of your question was about Korean brands. Yes, there are some Korean brands, which are particularly successful generally in creating these mass masstige players that are also sourcing from us, particularly in China and in Korea. And yes, this is also a very interesting phenomenon. While the amount of competition in the luxury area for the moment is limited and obviously is big in Korea and limited in China and not yet present in the rest of the world. But I think we are ready to compete also with Korean brands in the future and we are prepared to manage these correctly.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So the impact on our P&L this year will be de minimis and in the next few years, relatively small as well, although the brands are expected to have strong accelerated top line growth.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Well, Ali, so I'll start with the R&D investment. Our R&D investment is -- we are making incremental investments this year in R&D. Some of those investments certainly are geared towards skin care. So that certainly should -- is anticipated to help our innovation plans in the next few years and is critical to our strategic growth plans. But we actually have been increasing our R&D investment the last couple of years and certainly plan to do so again this year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. So let me start, Wendy, with the travel retail question. Our travel retail margins are not under pressure. We have been investing in light boxes over the last few years and our travel retail margins have been steadily improving. So that is not an issue for this year. We have invested in opening new points of distribution for some of our luxury brands, our makeup brands as well as Aveda. So a lot of the investment in travel retail this year is for new distribution, which certainly has proven to be productive and profitable for us. So we certainly are bullish on the travel retail business going forward and don't expect margin pressure.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the only thing I'll add to that, Wendy, is clearly this year, and you said you weren't focused on the short term, which is good, some of the shortfall that we're seeing relative to our prior expectations in -- because of some of the macro events, given the geography that they're impacting do impact the skin care business, so that is a high-margin business for us, as you know.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yes. So Caroline, actually the second half is a bit easier for us from a comp standpoint. So we -- as we said earlier in our prepared remarks, we had major launches in the first quarter of last year related to Estée Lauder and Clinique. And we had softer launches, certainly, this year relative to last year. In the second half of the year, we have lots of good programs planned for both Estée Lauder, Clinique, as well as our other brands. We have the benefit of new door openings that have happened during the course of the back half of last year and the beginning of this year that will help from a growth standpoint. And we are assuming that the Hong Kong situation is really a first half issue and that it will return to growth in the second half. So those are the things that are embedded within our second half earnings, both sales and profit, that lead us to provide the guidance that we did for the year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And then, Lauren, as it relates to your question on Chinese traveling consumers and their impact in the U.S., in the doors that are measured where we know there is a disproportionate amount of tourists, we have seen a disproportionate impact in the first quarter related to softness in volume, so you're correct.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yes. I think that's a great question. So we demonstrated that last year. As our cash flow, our free cash flow increased during the course of the year, we increased our share repurchase activity. So we have, over the last few years, had a good mix of both dividend increase as well as share repurchase increases. And certainly, to the extent that we expect to continue to improve working capital this year, we would increase our share repurchase activity. As I believe I stated on the last call, similar to prior years, we are looking at redeploying our free cash flow into dividends and share repurchase. We announced an increase of the dividend this morning, and certainly this year, our repurchase activity will increase as our free cash flow increases.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yes, yes. So and we had a little bit of the reverse in the first quarter. And I think I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we expect that, that will cure itself in the second quarter, which is part of the reason for the guidance that we provided in the second quarter.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And as it relates to SMI, you're correct. We finished the group 4 implementation in August, so we went live in July. The hyper care, this time, was the shortest that we've had. So again, flawless execution by the team, as Fabrizio mentioned. The team, along with many others in the organization, really throughout the globe, are now focused on SMI value realization. We've combined what had been our former cost savings efforts and initiatives which was a separate group from the SMI group into one group. They're focused on leveraging the capabilities that we have gained in SMI from process and system, the additional visibility to information that we have gained and really leveraging that to drive cost savings opportunities in the biggest areas of opportunity, which I outlined in our prepared remarks. The focus for us is on continuous cost improvement. So it's not a program, it's actually a habit going forward. And as we have spoken about in the last few calls, when we look over the next few years in terms of where margin expansion will occur, we expect less in terms of gross profit margin, more in terms of the expense areas. So this is a strategic enabler for us and it is terrific to be able to now leverage this tool over the next few years. We actually, for this year, given some of the softness that we've seen, have identified incremental cost savings over and above the cost savings that we had embedded into our plan and into the guidance for this year as an example.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So in terms of our updated guidance, about half of it was related to currency and about half of it was related to the macro issues that we outlined for you in the prepared remarks. So it's about half and half.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So the Americas sales, as you saw from our press release, were actually flat. So that is difficult to -- even though, certainly there were costs actions that were taken, it's hard to offset flat earnings. And Latin America was up, the U.S. was slightly down and that's how we netted out in terms of flat sales. So that's the reason why we have a deleverage in the Americas. We did, as Fabrizio mentioned, protect some of our marketing spend and some of the critical initiative investments like R&D that we're making in the organization. And in terms of the -- where you're going to see the shipments lag the retail, really in the U.S.
