Fabrizio Freda: Yes. Now, first of all, our range include, at the bottom of it, the assumption that the current turmoil will create a certain impact on the global markets. We have -- today, we see the market. We were seeing the market growing about 4% globally. At the bottom of our range, we assume there will be 1 or 2 points of impact on the market globally. And we assume that even in that case, we will continue making our long-term strategic investments that we have decided to do to create not a short-term rally, but rather a 10 years continued development of top line and bottom line for this company and exploit our momentum. At the top of our range, on the contrary, we assume that the market will continue to be as we originally estimated, and the current turmoil will not have a significant impact on consumption in the following months. Now part of your question is why this happens after the first quarter. Because, in fact, in the first quarter, to date, we do not see any impact on consumption. Actually, we see things pretty in line what we estimated, and that's why we have a pretty bullish conviction that we will have a very strong first quarter, as you see from our estimate. On the other side, we assume that if there will be an impact, this impact will be after the first quarter.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, this is -- Nik, this is very different by market. So we have some emerging market like China, where margin is already very pretty strong and non-dilutive to the company. There are others where we plan to enter more aggressive like Brazil where we are in the beginning of the journey, and, obviously, the margin is in dilutive -- is an investment period for the next few years.
Fabrizio Freda: One thing I wanted to add is that in Hair Care, we have been working some time to find the right model for prestige Hair Care, that can obviously continue to develop salon prestige Hair Care, but also serve the purpose of growing the retail aspect of prestige Hair Care for the retailers that we want to play with it. As you know, we have Aveda that plays with freestanding store in that area, but now we have Bumble and Ojon that start playing a significant role with prestige retailers. And the second big leg is the internationalization of our business. Historically, our Hair Care business has been mainly in the U.S. We have now started deploying plans for going in several other countries around the globe with our portfolio.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. What is driving the growth is, first of all, so far in the first quarter, we see the market staying pretty solid, first of all. Second, as you know, we have invested heavily in pulling on our key initiatives in the last quarter of 2011, and we see the benefit of these investments also in the first quarter of 2012. In fact, a lot of this growth is driven by basically these initiatives, and some of them are extremely successful. And then third is the overall momentum on the business, that we are having and seeing and the continued momentum, particularly in areas like Travel Retail.
Fabrizio Freda: Dave, first of all, we are actively working on specialty stores across the globe, and we have the large majority of our portfolio in many parts of the globe, but it's very different by country. Because the portfolio is in specialty stores around the globe depends, first of all, from the portfolio in the country and from the relative success of the brand in the country. As far as your question on the U.S., we can continue to expand specialty stores, but independently from adding more brands, we can continue to expand the brands we have and making our marketing plans much more tuned to this channel to grow in this channel.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. Let me start, and then Rick can add a few points. First of all, I agree with what you just said. I believe competition start being acting together. And, in fact, we assume particularly as of the second quarter of 2012 that we will see a much tougher competitive environment, and we know about announcement of launches and activities that our competitor are doing, obviously, we will need to face and confront ourselves with. However, we have been building market share pretty aggressively in Skin Care. Skin Care has been our priority, and in Skin Care, we are being aggressively bringing market share across many, many countries. We have not yet been able to grow market share in Hair Care and Fragrances at equal pace, and in Makeup is the area where we want now to further accelerate and increase more market share next fiscal year, starting 2012. So that's our future. In other word, we had a terrific model behind Skin Care. In 2011, we want now to use more of the winning elements of this marketing model also in Makeup, and then later on, we will further expand also in the other categories. And we are well conscious and we are reflecting in our guidelines that we will have a tougher competitive environment.
Fabrizio Freda: Let me try to reconnect this. First of all, what we say is that we have not assumed a major global recession. When we had a major global recession caused by the current issues of that in the U.S. and Europe, if we had a global recession, we will go back to markets where we are stable as we have seen in '08 and in '09. So we have not assumed that. But we have assumed a certain softening of the consumption in the bottom of our guideline, which is in the range of 1 or 2 points. So that's the first reconnect. The second, yes, we have assumed that after the first quarter we will see an intensified competitive environment. And third, the recent FX risk also that may happen after the second quarter in our opinion. And that's what we have taken into account. There are no volcanoes and there are no earthquakes in our guidelines for the time being.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. I mean, what we are seeing frankly on M-A-C like on all our top brands in this moment, and that consumption in this month so far is normal, meaning is on the recovery trend we have seen in 2011. And M-A-C, particularly, has lot of potential internationally because there are a lot markets where M-A-C is just launched or as for the time being, low level of awareness. And so we are working to continue building this awareness at this penetration. And when we reach good level of awareness, a good level of penetration, M-A-C is normally a very successful brand in every country we are. As far as the second part of your question, is what we see in China, yes, we see in China an increase of number of cities. But China is really particularly driven by our Estée Lauder brand and by the plants of our Estée Lauder brand, which the biggest of our brands in China and in Greater China in general. So I'll let Jane to give you the rest of this answer.
Fabrizio Freda: No. Let me clarify it though. When the promotional activity -- our promotional activity are not pricing, things like gifts. So the gifts are in cost of goods. So when we reduce promotional activities, which includes gifting, you will see a reduction in cost of goods and an increase in OpEx because we will move these reduced gift cost into more pool advertising. And that's what you will see in the P&L, you will not see an impact on growth.
Fabrizio Freda: No, that's not our assumption. The only impact on sales is that 2% of pricing, the rest is us growing volume ahead of the market.
Fabrizio Freda: First of all, I would say that one of the big achievements of 2011 is the great results in North America, and particularly in North America department stores. Our department store business here in the U.S. and globally had a tremendous year. And we've been able to drive and to help our retail partners to drive traffic in store and to drive our business mainly where we define the pull-push model, meaning having very big initiatives on our big brands, driven by advertising and this advertising bringing more traffic in store and then improvement of our High-Touch models including the examples of services that you are bringing will then make our consumer more loyal and buy even more and create the prestige cosmetic positive circle that were now exploiting with department stores. So that's the big idea. And frankly, this is working very, very well in the U.S. and around the globe. I like Jane to then to answer more specific to your question and your example.
Fabrizio Freda: This year we were flat also because we had the addition of Smashbox. And next year, we plan to make another step in further reduction.
Fabrizio Freda: And I just like to add that also as a result of SAP and what we call SMI, which are the processes that SAP will enable, we see also the opportunity to improve at this point in the entire OpEx line more after 2014 to continue our overall margin progress.
Fabrizio Freda: You're right. Japan is a market where consumers are very sophisticated, very demanding. So it's a very important market for experimentation, learning, and we do that. We have research centers, we have the ability to innovate our brands, to really talk to the Japanese consumer and develop products close of them, and that's part of our strategy. So, yes, we use Japan a lot as an inspiration market for our innovation across brands, including Estée Lauder and Clinique and many others. In term of what we expect from the market today in advertising and promotion, Japan, we follow the same strategy of advertising and promotion that we are following in the other big developed markets. Meaning, we are in the process of reducing the amount of promotion and increasing the amount of pull via magazine, TV advertising and digital activities. Japan is particularly developing the digital area, and within digital and mobile. And so Japan is the market where we experimenting and learning more on the digital mobile front. However, we expect Japan to recover gradually from the earthquake, and for the moment, the market in Japan remained relatively soft, and I would say stable versus previously. And because of the earthquake, Japan is not yet developing at the level that we hope later on in the course of the year will happen.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. China, I could say the same thing on China in terms of using China to develop products, to get inspiration about products. We just open a research center in Shanghai with that purpose. And the Estée Lauder brand just brought the example to you of the Nutrition product that was developed in China, and is now has been expanded across the globe. However, it's a very different picture in terms of the situation in China internal market growth. Actually, China in this moment is the fastest growing market, and that's why it's a market where we're putting a lot of priority into more investments.
Fabrizio Freda: No, actually, in all the emerging markets, we are building new model that start avoiding the promotional gift we purchase. Development, in developed markets where Gift-With-Purchase has been a habit, we are trying to reduce the impact. On emerging markets where we are building the business from scratch, we are building it without Gift-With-Purchase or with a very minimal amount of promotions.
Fabrizio Freda: I think we have done it. Now we have the right base to grow from. We have rightsized, meaning we have taken out of the system the part of the Fragrance business that really had no profitability and no sustainability, and now we have a more solid base with more solid starting points in terms of profitability, and now we can start growing and leveraging the growth for even more profits.
Richard Kunes: Yes. There are 2 other things to consider, Caroline. One is there is at least in the FX rates that we're using for the rest of the year, there is an implied negative impact from foreign exchange for the balance of the year of about 2%. We see the dollar strengthening against some of our major currencies. So that's one of the things that also makes that back portion of the sales growth look a little bit slower than you would think. And, also, I did in my prepared remarks talk about a business model that we have built, which is based on realistic sales and which has a level of flexibility within it that allows us to invest in opportunities if we start to do better and also pullbacks in some areas where if things will go against us, to be able to protect our profitability. But, also, if things are in a very positive way, to be able to invest in opportunities, but also let some of that money drop to the bottom line.
Richard Kunes: Nik, the way we enter these emerging markets is we anticipate over the medium term that a lot of our growth will come from these markets. So we start with a plan that says that we will reach a level of profitability which is accretive to the company. And then we reverse engineer, and that's what Fabrizio were saying. In some markets we're earlier on in that process, and like in Brazil, we're investing because we see a big opportunity, but it also is probably somewhat lower in overall profitability over the shorter term. And then a market like China, which is certainly not dilutive at all to the regional profitability and is growing very nicely and we have great prospects for in the longer term.
Richard Kunes: Yes. In the case of -- now I'm going to stretch my memory a little bit, but we started to invest in China over probably a longer period than in some other markets because of the huge potential that's there. So we've been investing 5 to 7 years and probably reached the level of profitability after about last 3 or 2 or 3 years we've been at a level which is equal to, and now we're starting to exceed the regional average. So it depends on the opportunity, and for instance, Brazil is a big opportunity for us. So that one might be -- have a little bit longer glidepath. When you enter into a smaller market like in Vietnam, we want to improve the profitability there fairly quickly.
Richard Kunes: I think we have mentioned Hair Care. Hair Care is off a smaller base. So the growth rate certainly is fast. But I think the key message that we're saying is that we believe now that we have a business model in Hair Care, which is going to work for us. And it's been very successful in Sephora, and we look with Bumble, and we look to expand that around the world, and we also have what we believe is a model that's going to work for Ojon and Aveda. So Hair Care is an area of optimism for us as a company, but it is, obviously, off a very small piece of business relative to the other parts.
Richard Kunes: And, Ali, regarding market share, as Fabrizio mentioned during his prepared remarks, we believe that we grew our share or grew our business about 3x the overall market -- prestige market growth in this past year, and when you look to next year, we're looking for the prestige global market to grow 3% to 4% and our guidance of 6% of 8% and comparable currency says that we're going to grow double the prestige great -- rate rather, so again growing market share. And our strategy is really about growing our business at least 1% ahead of market in a sustainable and profitable way. And in particular next year, we have a big opportunity to grow share in emerging markets in our Travel Retail business. And then when you get into our P&L, we see one more year of really significant movements in gross margin, and we're using some of that money to fund a portion of very strategic initiatives around modernization and building a foundation for the future, and it allows us to take an opportunity to invest while were strong, quite honestly, while our business is doing pretty well. And we think that, that investment and the business model that will built is really a formula for success, not only in fiscal '12, but also over the next several years.
Richard Kunes: Certainly, Mark. I will try to catch all of those. First, in our numbers, in fiscal 2012, we have about 2% of our sales growth is related to price. In fiscal '11, it was about 1%. We see the global market growing about 3% to 4%, prestige beauty market, and we believe that the pricing impact on that is similar to ours, so roughly 1% to 2% in pricing is built into that number. So unit growth of prestige beauty on a global basis in the 2% to 3% range. Regarding emerging markets, they are about 10% of our overall business. And it is unlikely that we would be in a situation with some exceptions that we would look to produce locally in many of the emerging markets in which our business is growing just because the volumes and the marketing aspects are being produced in some of those markets would probably make us reach a decision not to do so. And the one exception might be with Brazil, where as we look to expand our business there might be some opportunities to do some local manufacturing there because the duty rates are so high.
Richard Kunes: So, Alice, we mentioned that first quarter is certainly benefiting from our investments in the fourth quarter in marketing activities, and that's a given. And, also, obviously, our first quarter is not affected at all by some of the turmoil that we've seen in the marketplace just most recently. So that's the benefit for the first quarter. Regarding the second quarter, I mean, really, we'll give you guidance on the first quarter and the full year. You are right, our quarters do move based on our marketing programs. And so we prefer to just go one quarter out and then give you our full year guidance, which is obviously our focus.
Richard Kunes: No. The second quarter will be impacted by the things that Fabrizio mentioned earlier, more so than anything we're doing in the first quarter.
Richard Kunes: So our promotion, they're benefiting cost of goods, so the gift programs and promotional programs are going down about 40 basis points year-over-year. We're investing that money into advertising. We are hopeful that the impact of pulling less promotional activity and the decrease in sales is more than offset by obviously the business building activities of our marketing program and advertising. So we don't really see that as a negative on sales.
Richard Kunes: Sure, and we didn't on the quarter, so I'm sorry for that. But our advertising, merchandising and sampling expense in the quarter went up about 130 basis points. I think for the most part, that was the biggest single increase. And as we said for the full fiscal year, that was really the only major category of expense that went up as a percentage of sales. All the major categories as a percentage of sales went down in spending. The total value of which I don't have off the top of my head, but maybe Dennis can give you a little more color on that.
Richard Kunes: I think that early in '11, Bill, was what I was referencing in my comments. Our service level was hurt because I think we're a little too tight on inventory before we actually had SAP up and running and all the processes and systems in place to help us manage that better. So we intentionally let our inventory build to make sure that we improved our service level. I don't know how you much you could say that affected our Christmas season of last year, but we wouldn't anticipate certainly any effect from the shortage of supply on this fiscal year's Christmas.
Richard Kunes: Well, that would be the full year margin, right, so we would achieve -- if we're successful, we will have a margin at the end of fiscal '14 which will be 14.5% to 15% of sales.
Richard Kunes: Sure. So the biggest movements in fiscal 2011 were related to managing our product mix and lower obsolescence provisions because even though our inventory built a little bit, it's very fresh inventory, if you will, so it doesn't require a provision for obsolescence. There were some foreign exchange benefit in there and some pricing, but not too much. In fiscal '12, we have those same elements working in our favor, but with the added benefit of some of the price increases that we're talking about, so pricing is a little bit more of a factor in fiscal 2012 cost of goods and gross margin improvement. When you -- you are absolutely correct that SAP will offer us the opportunity to continue to improve, and what we were saying was during the period that we've outlined, which is through fiscal '14, that this is a big year of gross margin improvement. It will be somewhat less, but we do see the opportunity for gross margin to continue to improve in '14, '15 and '16 as a result of the implementation of SAP.
Jane Hudis: Well, for the Estée Lauder brands, we see China as a huge opportunity for growth, and that's growth within our existing distribution and also the opportunity to reach out to new cities and to new consumers. And what you need to understand about our leadership in China is really that it benefits us globally, because our mission is to appeal to Chinese beauty consumers around the world where they travel, where they live, and this is a very sophisticated Skin Care consumer. So as we garner learnings from China, from our Asia Innovation Center in Shanghai, this benefits really across the globe. So we see a huge opportunity not just in China itself, not just in Greater China, but also in the market, in other markets and, of course, in Travel Retail business as well.
Jane Hudis: Well, I just think that what we need to do is modernize with our consumer, and the way she shops today is evolving. And there are customers who want a tremendous amount of service, there are customers who want to just browse, there are customers that want something in the middle. So when you reference the bracelets in Clinique, that's a concept they've developed called service as you like it. And that, I guess, is what you're referencing probably in Southbridge. In terms of the Lauder brand, we are doing much of the same thing. We recognize the different ways that consumers like to shop. We are modifying our counter design and our counter experience, allowing for this. We've established a couple of prototypes in North America, and we will be rolling this out across our distribution across perfumeries, Travel Retail and department stores so that we really can modernize the brand experience and provide both for better navigation. So the customers understand how to shop our brand and understands what products are bestsellers and what products are right for them.
Jane Hudis: There is, and it's opportunity, not only in the big brands, but really all of our plans are working on new selling opportunities, new ways to reach new consumers. And when you look at the transformation of the in-store per experience and you combine that with the enormous opportunity we have in the digital space, I think those are 2 huge modernization efforts going on across the company.
Jane Hudis: I will say -- this is Jane -- that they are 2 distinctly different products with different claims and a different point of view. The Clinique product is very focused on being a dark spot corrector. The Lauder product is focused on generally evening of skintone, discoloration, total aspect of evenness, as well as radiance and glow. The beauty of our company is that we are able to take technologies and use them across brands, adding different ingredients, different concepts and bringing them to consumers in different channels, in different price points, et cetera. But they are extremely different. And if you look closely at the advertising and the push behind each of them, I think you will see that. And that's the strength of our company.
