Fabrizio Freda: So, let me start is -- first of all, I would say the large majority of our online progress during COVID is very sticky. And keep in mind that we attracted also many new consumer. The new consumer were also among the older consumers, and they really liked it.  And so, we see they're coming back and they're staying, even when store reopens, obviously, with a different balance, but this is definitely happening. But then in total, our online is continuing to grow and we expect this to continue to grow from many years to come and the trend will not stop after COVID.  Also, our online mix, which is 3PP in China for example which as you heard from the prepared remarks, flying the our last 18/6 event was really strong and then retail.com that for many retailers around the world is booming to a play, which is very much growing and then brand.com and obviously brand.com in the moment -- the part of brand.com in the moment that is the bigger reopening and people go back to store will temporarily stabilize or slightly decrease.  But then will start growing again. That's our expectations. So overall, all-in-all our online business will continue to progress as percentage of total business over the next years.
Fabrizio Freda: There is very -- very big strengths in Asia-Pacifics that we will continue in the long term. Obviously, as we said in the prepared remarks, there has been some pandemic issues and we're down in places like Japan, on some parts to Southeast Asia, which become an obstacle to these. So it's a temporary obstacle to this growth in these specific markets. But, overall, Asia-Pacific will continue to be very strong and will be led by China.  Who's progress will continue to develop in our opinion and also that's what's happening so far. Now, the -- what we call variability of Sales, meaning ups and downs to Sales in Asia-Pacific, particularly in China, Frankly, is more about seasonality.  And there is a clear seasonality like the reason that use like the Visa in Europe and there are holiday moments and Chinese New Year moments, moments where the Chinese population travel, moments in which they are more home, moment where there festivities and there are moments of the year with certain progress, particularly skincare is more used than others. Obviously, there is important elements of seasonality.  Now, the good news we're completely on top of those. We manage seasonality with anticipation. And that's why our quarter-by-quarter a year programs are pretty well, articulate and reconnaissance consumer seasonality and trade proportionality period in a very accurate way at this point of time. So this is a leverage point rather than an issue that's why I would not call it variability, but rather seasonality.
Fabrizio Freda: And I just want to add, we do have the ability to price, where there is the opportunity. And because of our loyalty [Indiscernible] levels, etcetera, obviously in certain markets with spaces. And so we are planning because of the current [Indiscernible] environment, as you said, to take about 0.5 point more prices that in the previous years, and this is completely justified.  And these combined with our cost-saving programs, which should allow us to manage the inflation without any negative impact, neither of our advertising nor on our profitability. And that's our plan. The other thing I want to say about our flexibility on pricing is that with the kind of success we had with innovation, in the kind of very attractiveness of our Innovation that can command luxury pricing very easily because of the great, great quality that we are deploying to the consumers.  And the moment you are between 20%, 30% every year of this coming from innovation, you can imagine that we can decide the pricing of 20%, 30% every year based also on our -- our intent, on the power of our Innovation. So this is a next to our flexibility that we have in terms of managing pricing over the years.
Fabrizio Freda: Actually we see a lot of support to the trend and a lot of interest in our products as the middle class evolves. And we see also given, for example, all the government actions that have been taken to support the development of Hainan and the duty-free line, and there is obviously an interest in supporting internal consumption and somehow, our industry is benefiting from the interest in being the creation of internal consumption and also bringing the consumption in the past was outside more internally.  So, it's all of a positive trend. The other thing, when you speak about luxury, just want to say, we are really affordable actually, in the sense that our products are luxury within the beauty category, but they're very affordable purchases in the context of total luxury.  So, we don't see any negative at this point in time on this front, on the contrary, very strong support for the long-term. Going into the internal online development in the U.S., I'll turn this to Tracey for your specific question on the percentages.
Fabrizio Freda: So we -- we -- we are preparing for the makeup brand source and we are working on all our makeup brands and in all our regions to leverage these as user education comes back. The prove that what was exactly happening in the U.S. in this last Quarter is very encouraging. In the last Quarter, our makeup was extraordinarily strong. For example, in countries where the world's have a recovery growth, like the U.S. and we saw great results from MAC onto phase and to many other brands.  And we saw, particularly, the recovery start s from foundation and lipsticks, which is very good news, a very good sign. So what we're doing is first of all, we are preparing programs, marketing programs, and innovation programs and new launches for every market, making sure that we timed those to the expected recovery trend.  That would be gradual but we will be -- as you know, we'll be dependent on vaccination levels and on the ability to control the COVID spikes where this happens. And so we have all analytics that tell us when this timing could be in different parts of the world. We time our marketing the auction, our advertising relaunch auctions, our innovation auctions to the different expected recovery moments.  So it's a pretty complex elaboration or plan, but it's very effective. And so far has given us the kind of results we wanted, but most importantly, the kind of return on the investment that we wanted when you time it correctly. The second thing that we're doing obviously is making sure that we use data analytics and we use the understanding of the consumers to really tailor it to where the trend will start, and this is set by makeup subcategories.  There are very different priorities that the consumer choose in coming back to makeup when the [Indiscernible]. And so we have some outstanding new capability in analytics that drive us also in maximum effectiveness in these areas.  So, in -- all-in-all, we are very, very encouraged by the early recovery in the countries where this happened, which are mainly U.S., China, and we are well organized to follow up on the recovering gradually in the course of 2022.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. First of all, we expect Hainan to continue to grow in the future and we expect Hainan success to be relatively independent from the comeback to international travel. Let me explain that; if you put in the number of Chinese consumers that have a passport, which is above 10% evolving towards 15%, from the information which are available and you assume they don't get percentage of those consumer with the past travel internationally in a given year, you immediately see that the international travel is going to create consumption that is a certain percentage of the Chinese population.  Hainan is domestic travel, so is open to 100% of the Chinese middle class that wants to travel and is traveling as we speak. So the Hainan phenomenon is basically -- goes well beyond international travel because it is domestic travel and appeals 100% of the population. That's why we believe that Hainan is here to stay and is a great opportunity for the long-term term that will continue to growth even when international travel will restart.  As far as the international travel question. We are assuming that some international travel will gradually restart in the second semester of our '22 Fiscal year. And these obviously, this is an assumption, nobody knows and will depend not only will from the pandemic development, will depend also from the government decisions on how to manage the various rules around the management of the pandemic.  So is -- we can only go with estimates, but that's what we're currently estimating. And we have seen already signs for example, in summer in Europe, we're seeing some new travel, some new movements and some increase, but obviously relatively still very much below what was before COVID. And then in Fiscal Year 2023, we assume there will be a more robust international travel acceleration.
Fabrizio Freda: So we -- we -- we expect the -- the market in China to continue to grow double-digit. And we're very, very optimistic on the strengths of this market, as well as on -- on our position with the consumers in this market. We -- we expect to see a continuous acceleration of online, which is already 50% of Mainland China business today and farther growing.  We see the possibility of continued growth in the existing platforms, like Tmall, which is for us, for beauty, for our brands, very successful and a great partners that we will continue to develop and manage with also specific products of specific brands -- of specific new brands in the future.  And then we see an acceleration of brand.com. And in the marketing models around the brand.com in which we are investing and also improving our technologies to keep it aligned with the extraordinary development of technology in China, and the ability to make this technology very appealing to the consumers.  And so we keep learning and keep evolving in this area. And then there are certain brands that are appealing to certain demographics that also decided to expand [Indiscernible], and just now in July. And so very optimistic with also the results of these increased coverage of consumers that we're getting.  And there would be more opportunity in the future is a very, very dynamic market and competitive market, which keeps evolving and our principal is always to stay ahead of devolution, which admittedly is not easy in such a demanding market. But we're trying to stay always ahead of the evolution and anticipate change.  And we'd get helped in this by our extraordinary Chinese leadership team, that keep us braced around what's happening and help us anticipating all the trends. And we get helped by our compass that we discussed in our time, which gives us a good, good point of view on what will be the evolution in the consumer preferences in every market, but particularly in China.
Fabrizio Freda: And on these, you are absolutely right. DECIEM is a Company with an extraordinary Portfolio brands. The Ordinary is today, the biggest, and is continued to be very successful in growing as an extraordinary brand. But our other brand light [Indiscernible], which is more science-based, that we intend with the DECIEM team to continue to develop.  And also DECIEM is adding twice that of the Company, the capability of an extraordinary incubation, [Indiscernible], and ability. So we definitely intend to continue incubate new brands, develop new ideas, and continue with the days and philosophy of the challenge of the status quo and seeing new different point of views to be offered to the consumers and develop the extraordinary new brands in the long-term.  But in this moment, the opportunity for the ordinary to continue to grow -- to continue to expand is frankly amazing and is obviously the priority we are focusing on in fiscal year 2022.
Fabrizio Freda: And the other thing I want to say on Travel retail on the long term, as I said, is the -- travel retail as these addition of the domestic travel in China, which is a very important additions. And so the development of the business with the Chinese consumers is extraordinary and then the Chinese consumer depending on the period of the year or their choice is some of them would travel to Hainan by there others would buy in the cities, and so you would see these expanding growth of the Chinese consumers in the China region or in the travel retail Hainan depending on what the Chinese consumer decide to do.  Our strategy is very simple. We are going to serve the growing demand of Chinese consumer wherever they choose to shop. And so, we are aligned, we are in the outstanding quality department stores in China, we are in Hainan, and in all these areas, where they shop, we tend to be present with outstanding execution, great luxury, quality of services, and to really give justice to our elevated luxury positioning in these positions.  And that's the strategy to cover the Chinese consumer shopping. And as far as the -- when, when the international traveling will restart, we'll obviously also cover the international travels in the best possible way. In term of your second part of the question is -- I would like to clarify one thing. I think Fiscal Year 2021 was an extraordinary year to build our luxury position and to elevate our consumers pressure in a very luxury way.  If you think that the core investment that we have done is being in elevating the brand building, the luxury experience online. And that we have been able to bring online a lot of the luxury speed and services than the past we're only in the best department stores or in the best Brick-and-mortar locations. So these now means that we have elevated to the best possible experience about 30% of our business.  Then, as I explained, our best expression of luxury is frankly in TR. It's being for a -- since a long time, particularly in the best airports of the world, but now is in Hainan, where there is the best expression of the brands in the world, and as you said, is another 29%. So we have elevated our luxury expression in more than 60% of our business around the world.  And that's the key areas to where we invested. We have also taken the opportunity, where there is the opportunity to source from mass and to continue growing the prestige segment, to bring some of our brands to have the power of sourcing from mass clues to where the mass consumers are choosing to shop and wants to have the opportunity to upgrade to different quality.  And that's where some opportunities like the Ulta Target and Sephora Kohl's offer us the opportunity to further source from mass, and further serve more consumers and consumer that we didn't access before with our best experience at best quality products.
Tracey Travis: And keep in mind Dara. We also explained in our prepared remarks that we do have some new customers. So retailer.com should pick up as well with the U.S. expansion of Ulta into Target and Sephora into Kohl's and the same with JD in China. So again, we've got -- as Fabrizio said, very strong plans for online again, this year.  And -- and I expected that it will -- again increase as a percent of our penetration of Sales. As it relates to technology, we are investing quite a bit in our e-commerce platform to enable capabilities, many of which we have spoken about, whether it's virtual try-on.  Our data analytics that -- that certainly support our being able to more personalized experiences for -- for consumers and many other -- many other capabilities. And beyond -- beyond online where we continue to invest in the consumer experience in our stores and in other areas as well. So we do have a robust technology investment plan that I would expect to continue over the next couple of years.  We're also investing in new technology in our new facility in -- that is opening in a couple of years in Japan. And it will be a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility, so it will leverage quite a bit of technology also.
Tracey Travis: Well, as you mentioned, Lauren, we take pricing every year, usually in the 2% to 2.5% range. We are taking approximately 3% of pricing this year and yes, it is certainly considering the inflationary environment that we're operating in.  We do take differential pricing, so that it is an average across all of our markets, all of our brands. And -- and -- and but -- but so there's no specific category that we're taking any more pricing and -- then others. But -- but it is tiered certainly by the tearing of our -- of our brand Portfolio.
Tracey Travis: Yeah. In terms of the online percentage we ended last year a little over 40% online. Again, as you know, we started the year with some of our Brick-and-mortar doors actually closed. So very, very strong online penetration. And as Brick-and-mortar reopened, the online penetration lessened a bit, but we did end the year at about 40%. In terms of the retailer.com versus brand.com, we are seeing -- and it varies.  So we saw quite a bit of strength in retailer.com towards the second half of the year and strengthen -- and brand.com earlier in the year. And this year, obviously, we have some very strong plans for both brand.com and retailer.com in the U.S. to continue to grow.
Tracey Travis: Okay. Let me start with North America. We're very optimistic, given the trends that we saw in the Fourth Quarter and that are continuing into the First Quarter as it relates to North America. So, people are coming back to stores. People are still shopping online and certainly, the new retail partnerships of our retail partners, we are expecting, will also contribute to growth this year.  But across the board, the team has really been working on a terrific innovation. We're increasing advertising in North America in Fiscal 2022, so we expect both top-line growth and margin expansion in North America related to our strategies in 2022.
Tracey Travis: So -- so I can confirm Travel retail in terms of the percent of mix at -- at 29% on it -- we did have strong growth and travel retail in the fourth quarter. And in terms of the AMEA region, we did see growth as well in the AMEA region excluding -- excluding Travel retail, the UK was a little challenge. But -- but as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, all our regions grew in the fourth quarter
Robert Ottenstein: Great, thank you very much. Just two questions. If I can just a quick follow-up on the China. We're reading a little bit about government actions in terms of cracking down on wealth-flaunting luxury, particularly in social media. And so I just wanted to be -- make sure that that's not something that you see affecting your business.  And then my deeper question is if you could give us an update on the e-commerce in the U.S. as a percent of sales and how that breaks out between your direct brand.com business and the retailer.com business and any changes in trends there that you're seeing? Thank you.
Robert Ottenstein: Just -- just an update on the.com business in the U.S., the percent of Sales, I think it's -- was running 40% and then how that's breaking out between the direct business and the retail.com.
Robert Ottenstein: No, we don't see any issue on China potential in our industry on our last improvement, what you're saying.
