Tracey Thomas Travis: So let me take the first half of that question in terms of the range. It's still pretty early in the year, which is the reason why we give a range for the full year. So at this point, we're not prepared to say that we're going to be at the low end of the range. And certainly, the second quarter is a big quarter for us. It's holiday. And obviously, the second half of the year is big for us for all the reasons that we spoke about in our prepared remarks. So at this time, it's still very much within the range.
Tracey Thomas Travis: All right. So, Olivia, thanks for your questions. Let me start off with the expectations again for the second half. We talked a bit about the innovation that we're expecting in the second half. We talked about pricing, and we also talked about an acceleration of consumer coverage for many of our smaller brands. As you're aware, we most recently acquired a number of smaller brands that are in expansion mode, brands like Jo Malone and Tom Ford and others have quite a bit of expansion opportunity as well ahead of them. And so they are certainly much of that distribution growth is planned for the second half of the year. If you were to think about the second half in terms of the building blocks that we typically talk to you about for the full year, 2% is roughly – a little over 2% is roughly the pricing expectation that we expect to get in the second half of the year. New distribution would be about 3% to 4%, so a bit of a step-up versus the first half of the year. And then our existing and new business including our newer acquisitions are another 3% to 4%. So that's how we get to the numbers for the full year that we guided to in terms of 6% to 7%.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah. Stephen, so the only thing I will add on to what Fabrizio has already said, some of the margin gains that we are achieving through our SMI program and other cost initiatives are in fact being offset by acquisition accounting and currency. So we are seeing almost an equal cost set in terms of some of the benefit that we're achieving from an organic growth standpoint with some of those factors. As I had mentioned, I think, on our year-end call last year, that purchase accounting will bleed off over the next year or so, and you'll actually start to see some more of the margin flow through. One of the things that we also look at here obviously is EBITDA, given the fact that we have done a number of acquisitions in the last few years. And certainly you see more progression in terms of our EBITDA margin.
Tracey Thomas Travis: It was really more – the big brands and then Estée Lauder and Clinique, and then stabilizing, which is what we spoke about happening. So that actually is progress.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah, so I'll start. I think we talked about three markets that were softer than last year, some due to macro factors. The U.S. was obviously one of those. France, which had an exceptionally strong first quarter last year, is softer for obvious reasons this year and the Middle East. I mean those are – and those are big markets for M•A•C and – for makeup in general and certainly for M•A•C. And we expect throughout the balance of the year, A, we won't be anniversarying – we'll be anniversarying some of the events. But in addition to that, we do expect a pickup in the – all of those markets throughout the course of the year.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So I'll start, Nik. It certainly is difficult to predict the environment, certainly most near term here in the U.S. But at least the election uncertainty will be over next week and we can move forward. I think that we are very pleased with the programs that we have to take advantage of the holiday season. And M•A•C has an incredibly strong giftable program this year. And so we're very excited about that. Certainly, we expect that that is going to drive a great amount of volume and sales for M•A•C. In terms of Jo Malone, many of our brands are fragrance brands. Obviously, we're well-positioned for holiday. We are still mindful of the fact that there are many parts of the globe that are weak and certainly Fabrizio talked about some of those, Hong Kong, the Middle East. We're not expecting a big pickup in those markets in the second quarter and the holiday season. We expect the UK to have a bit of a pickup certainly given the currency favorability there. We do expect that that will be the case. And we were actually in the UK last week and certainly saw quite a bit of traffic in the UK in the shops. So I would say it's a mixed bag. I think we're very in tune with what's happening around our globe and certainly our regional presidents are as we migrate into this holiday season. And I think we feel we have an incredibly strong lineup across all of our brands including Estée Lauder and Clinique for holiday.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the only thing I want to add to that is internationally, outside of the markets that we've spoken about, M•A•C growth from a comp store standpoint is strong and is expected to be strong throughout the balance of the year. So the international M•A•C business is quite strong. The travel retail business is quite strong for M•A•C as well. So I just want to...
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. And the answer to the fact that we will continue increasing our penetration in win in China, the answer is yes. That's part of our program. There are several winning channels around the world in this moment in the area of luxury and prestige. One is definitely specialty multi, and we will continue increase not only distribution but success and continue to increase brands which are tailored to this channel in the future around the world. We will also continue to increase our penetration of the online channels. And we will continue to increase also our penetration of travel retail and distribution in these areas, among others.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. And as far as M•A•C is concerned, is first of all, I said in my prepared remarks, M•A•C is still growing double digit in many of the global markets where there is equally new – equally tough in new competition than there is in the U.S. And M•A•C internationally has been growing in line with the very fast growing market, continuing to well compete with mass and all the mass brands, despite some of them are now using prestige codes, they continue to grow on average less than the prestige brands. So M•A•C continued to be one of our most successful brands and a fast-growing brands and we will count on this for the future. In the U.S., there is the specific two issues in the short term that we have already commented on, which is obviously M•A•C is very concentrated and focused on high internal distribution presence in high touristic areas and in mid-tier department stores. And in the traffic in both of these areas has been lower, significantly lower than in the past. And so M•A•C will need to react to that. The second is the programs. And you're right, there is new competition. There are some very successful brands. We have acquired one of them, BECCA, and there are many other successful brands, particularly in specialty multi, which are a new competition among the millennial generation. And M•A•C is stepping up their activity, their innovation, their collection, their social media and their penetration of this new target group with new activity. That's why in our prepared remark we brought up the example of the Selena and what's happening there when M•A•C speaks to this target group more directly. And we plan to do those much more also in the second semester of the fiscal year. So net, we expect M•A•C to continue to be one of our strong growth brands in the long-term.
Fabrizio Freda: That's right. Sorry, I didn't get the Lauder/Clinique part of the question. So then on Estée Lauder and Clinique, as we said, we have stabilized the brands. These brands have been declining in the past. We have stabilized them, and we have started growing consistently the makeup part. As we said, we have said that our program was to start growing from makeup, and now the quarter we just closed is one more quarter where this seems to be now sticking and we keep doing this well. By the way, makeup is one of our priorities, and a lot of the growth in the second semester of this fiscal year as we anticipated will come from makeup acceleration. And Estée Lauder and Clinique will be part of contributing to this makeup acceleration in the second part of the fiscal year. Next, we need to address the skin care trend on these two brands. This has been slower than what we wanted, but in the situation with Hong Kong not really been declining and the traffic softness in U.S. department store, which are two of the biggest skin care contributors to these brands, has been tough. But we have now plans to also add skin care acceleration to the already achieved makeup acceleration. In our – the last thing I want to say, in our plan we play the portfolio brands. And I said other times that we have one-third of our portfolio which is growing always double digit. One-third of our portfolio that could be just growing single – low single digit and one-third of our portfolio that is growing high single digit. And in this way, we delivered the total. And so, yes, we are not seeing the big brands have the role to drive the 6% to 8% on the high side. The big brands have the role to drive growth. But there are the other brands in the portfolio we are driving double digit and the portfolio mix is what driving our long-term algorithm. Think of it like one-third pricing, one-third distribution, one-third organic growth and one-third small brand, high growth brands, one-third the medium size brands and then the big brands. And that's why this flexibility of managing through the different levers of growth and the different brands in the portfolio in the different countries make us a more – a less volatile, more reliable, more sustainable company than any other company. Today, companies that just count on one or two brands, given the volatility of the world and only one or two markets I believe are less reliable in the long-term than the model that we build.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, I want to add that Hong Kong is also a decent makeup market. Brazil is a very big makeup market in general for us and has been declining. And so it's been a – but there are other markets like China where – give you an example, M•A•C has been growing 20% more. And there are other markets in the world where the – our makeup portfolio is growing 30%, 40%. So it's not as simple as just one market explain everything. But the average of our international market has been doing very well. But Middle East, Brazil, low base in France, I also said Germany in my prepared remarks and Hong Kong are other examples of market that are driving down, but down significantly the growth. Middle East had a very difficult moment. And so double-digit declines numbers that are impacting in quarter one, offset by other phenomenon. So it's not only the U.S. But in the U.S. was specifically M•A•C. The rest of our portfolio in the U.S. has been performing well, as we anticipated also in the prepared remark, Lauder and Clinique makeup in the U.S. has been growing on both brands, for example. So that's the decision (47:53). How we fix it, I think I just said – just answered this question. We will improve the trend in M•A•C in the U.S., continue to accelerate our distribution in that all of our makeup brands that have distribution opportunities internationally turn around our M•A•C organic growth in the U.S. and continue to accelerate our winning makeup brands around the world, also in the organic growth with more programs, particularly outstanding innovation and better social media plans. And we will activate the planned price increases in January that we plan to activate.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, you raise a lot of questions. So China, China, this was again a quarter where China retail touched double digit. So we are very happy. China retail grew overall 10%. M•A•C in China grew outstandingly, and our same-door in China grew in 2%. And so that's the situation. So we have again good, interesting growth in China. By the way, this is also driven by our makeup brands in a big way and by the makeup part of our heritage brands as well. And M•A•C is a really strong driver of this growth in China among others. Same thing in Korea. We are competing very well with Korea brands. We have another quarter in which in Korea we have been a very strong retail and continue to grow market share in the country of Korean brands, which make us very competitive – and again this has been driven by a lot of our makeup brands as well including M•A•C. The second part of your question is the innovation plan. Yeah, definitely, New Dimension was below our expectation, and in fact by the way, the launch of New Dimension last year was in the first quarter. And part of what we see in skin care this year in terms of base is that we are anniversarying a base where there was the launch of New Dimension that although below our expectation was significant in terms of overall volumes of innovation. And the future of our innovation is changing, as I explained in the Barclays Conference and the rest, meaning there are some very exciting innovation and less blockbusters. We believe this is much more in line with current consumers' expectations where consumer wants to try new products and have a variety of them. And the model is not – the breakthrough model assumed a lot of advertising before the product is in store. So in reality, it's higher risk financially. While the model where we use the growth, the innovation to attract new consumers and to engage them, and then when we see success we further accelerate and further leverage this innovation is the model that particularly in our midsized and smaller brands is much more manageable and allow faster and better financial results from these innovations than in the past. So the idea, we are going to have a mix. We still are going to have some breakthrough technology innovation and some more commercial innovations, including product packaging, aesthetics, et cetera, innovation. The fact that a lot of the growth comes from makeup is increasing the percentage of innovation, which is not about breakthrough technology obviously, but this is still part of our portfolio. But the way in which we will launch even this breakthrough technology will be with less risky upfront investment and more gradual evolution of the winners. And that is a change in our innovation program and is a change that will be – is associated already with some great results where we have the right innovation and will be associated, I believe, with a lot of good success in innovation. As we said before, last year, we went from 20% of our sales growth coming from innovation in fiscal year 2015 to 24% coming in fiscal year 2016 from innovation. In terms of the cost of innovation, which was the last part of your question, frankly, I believe it's the opposite. This new improvement of our innovation program is decreasing the cost of innovation, because it's decreasing the risk of it. It's decreasing the amount of money that are put upfront on innovation that don't work and are allowing us a better agility in tailored resources where the consumers react positively to our innovation. So it's increasing the effectiveness and the rate of return on our innovation.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. And the other thing I want to leave you with is about our assumptions. We do not assume Hong Kong to go back to growth this fiscal year. We do not assume Middle East to go back to growth this fiscal year. We do not assume U.S., depart – mid-tier department store big improvements in the course of the year. We assume they will not further deteriorate, but we do not assume big improvements. And the rest is we assume that we will be able to reallocate resources depending on the volatility we see in the other element of economical and political volatility around the world.
Fabrizio Freda: Now, by positive, depending what you mean positive. I said I don't expect Hong Kong market to grow in the fiscal year and definitely not in the next three months. We don't expect Middle East will be positive in the fiscal year and definitely not in the next three months. And I said we don't expect U.S. department store to further deteriorate in the level of traffic for the remaining of the fiscal year.
Fabrizio Freda: So, the way – as I said before, the way you need to think about that is one-third of our sales will be growing single digits and one-third of our sales or our brands will be growing double digit and then one-third will be in the middle, as I said before. And this – you can make the same assumption by channel, by country. We manage the portfolio different growth levers. So specifically to M•A•C, M•A•C is internationally, so outside of the United States, M•A•C is a relatively untouched brand in terms of price and distribution in many countries. Take countries like China where M•A•C is really, really untapped, enormous opportunities only in a limited number of cities and a lot to go. And there are many examples like that. And there are other places where M•A•C is well penetrated, well developed like the U.S. or the UK. So it depends by the mix. Each one of these brands have a very different mix in portfolio. That's why I don't think we are going to deploy every single brand and every single opportunity in price and distribution and organic growth brand per brand. And that's why I summarize with the one-third, one-third, one-third. And then your – so this will continue. And the second part of the question is the role of acquisitions. Yeah, we have – in the fragrance business, the role of acquisition has been to create the engines of growth of this new high-end artisanal fragrance category where we want to lead and to drive growth. And I think this quarter you see for the first time a very significant sign of that and the potential of it in the long-term. We are doing fragrances what we did in makeup – past history on makeup. And then we'll continue to drive that. In the other categories, acquisition will play a role like they always played and will continue to play a role to create the right portfolio brands and to create the right possibility of growing in areas where we have strategic opportunity or strategic gaps. And so you can expect us to continue leveraging acquisition and continuing analyzing the opportunities on your acquisition in the future to manage these strategic gaps or opportunities. And last, we have also some minority investments around the world that could be very interesting in the long-term. For example, Dr. Jart+ in Korea, which is one of the fastest growing Korean brands where we have a minority investment, there could be an acquisition in the future as an example of strategic opportunities that we continue to monitor – to enrich our different engines of growth. And to close, I mean, we are building engines of growth, differentiated, different in many to diversify our opportunity for growth in the long-term. That's the key strategy. And frankly, we're making great progress on it quarter by quarter.
Fabrizio Freda: One specific issue is U.S. distribution platform on M•A•C and the competition in the U.S. That's the specific M•A•C issue that we have addressed and we will address in the next months.
