Tracey Travis: Yeah. Hi, Erinn. We are seeing some supply chain impact as I said in our prepared remarks. We have experienced some airfreight and we have experienced some delays, but by and large, we're in very good shape for holiday. Our holiday sets, we had anticipated some of the supply chain challenges earlier in the year when clearly our supply chain -- and more publicly, there were discussions about supply chain challenges. And so we did order some products early, we produce some products early, and we landed many of our gift sets early. And that's set us up pretty well for Q2. We are experiencing some inflation in transport, we're managing it as best we can. One of the things that certainly we have the benefit of is we are a luxury Company, so we do have pricing power, and we have pricing power not only in our inline products, but also in our innovation as well. So we do have the opportunity and have taken the opportunity to offset some of the cost inflation with some of the pricing that we've taken this year.
Tracey Travis: Yeah, no. As we announced last year in our post COVID acceleration program, we did take the opportunity last year to close some stores and some additional stores will close this year. And not only freestanding stores, but there are some counters as well that MAC has pulled that up. We were encouraged at the end of last year and encouraged through the first quarter with MAC performance in both the Americas. So both North America, as well as Latin America, and also EMEA. So we really -- with return to brick-and-mortar, as we had indicated before, we saw a higher productivity of the remaining brick-and-mortar doors that we had open, and we saw a bit of softness more in North America than in EMEA, but a bit of softness in online as traffic return to brick-and-mortar. We think that will normalize out a bit in Q2 and we will see a bit more balanced, but as I think all of us can imagine, I think consumers were very excited about going back to brick-and-mortar stores in markets where restrictions were lifted, and people felt more comfortable going out and socializing.
Tracey Travis: Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, Dara. In terms of -- we are encouraged obviously, as we should be by our Q1 performance. We're still only at quarter end, as you mentioned, as you mentioned it. We did have some early shipments in the quarter that obviously came out of the second quarter. So some of the growth, as we mentioned, about 1.5 was related to that. But as we look at the balance of the year, we are -- also while we're seeing encouragement, there's still a lot of volatility in the market. We did have some markets unexpectedly that were shut down in the first quarter. We are still managing through this pandemic.  And so we are -- we believe that certainly as you look at Q2 on a 2-year stock basis, it is -- and really versus pre-pandemic, it's really quite strong. And again, you're seeing some of the seasonality related to 11-11, continue to impact Q1, and that's reflected in the -- Q2, and that's reflected in the guidance that we've provided. But we feel that the guidance that we've given for the year is incredibly strong. The only difference between the guidance that we gave last time and this time, is currency. Our outlook on currency is a bit less. So that's the 1 point change in the guidance that you see. And then from a reported EPS standpoint, our guidance actually on a constant currency basis has improved quite a bit.  We -- I would say we are seeing green shoots, we are expressing confidence in the guidance that we are providing quite a bit when you actually look at it from an EPS standpoint, even with all of the things that we're navigating through as it relates to transport, etc. And that goes to the choices that we're making as an organization in terms of where to invest and where not to invest, along with the pricing actions that we're taking as well.
Tracey Travis: Yeah. Now, so, Steve, in terms of the early shipments, obviously, our larger brands would have comprised most of the larger -- most of the sales dollar volume in terms of those shipments, but it was really across the board. And again, both we and our retailers wanted to make sure that we had our holiday programs, as well as some of our basic product in-store, recognizing the severe constraint that is being projected as it relates to transport during this holiday season. So we feel very good about that. In terms of Asia-Pacific inclusive of China, but other markets as well. We did see some intermittent shutdowns in Asia and that did include some traffic to Hainan being a bit curtailed in the July and August time frame and a bit into the early part of September. We saw, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, Hainan picked up quite a bit when those travel restrictions were lifted almost immediately. That is a positive sign and we are still quite encouraged with respect to China and the performance that we expect to see certainly for the balance of the year, both in China and Mainland, China and with Chinese consumers, wherever they shop.
Tracey Travis: And Andrea as it relates to the rest of APAC, we are expecting a pickup in the second quarter, so we are not anticipating as many of the restrictions to be in place in the rest of APAC that we saw in Q1.
Tracey Travis: Thanks, Wendy. In terms of La Mer, La Mer is growing in pretty much every market. It's incredibly strong, the brand does a fantastic job of innovating and so we're seeing growth from both new innovation as well as a continued expansion of new consumers with some of the strategies that the brand is deploying. And we see very high loyalty and repeat with La Mer, it is all around even during this pandemic, it has been one of the constants in terms of the performance in our portfolio and the La Mer team is just an absolute fantastic team. So the brand is doing incredibly well. As it relates to Kohl's and Target and also within target and Sephora within Kohl. We have seeded the initial doors.  We certainly expect during the upcoming holiday season that we will see increased growth, obviously, in contribution from the distribution that we have, and we're pleased thus far with the partnership. We're seeing more skin care growth and than makeup at the moment. But again, I expect that we will certainly with some of the strong gift programs that our makeup brands have, we expect that we'll see more makeup growth in the second quarter.
Tracey Travis: I think this quarter really represents the diversification that we have within the business that we've talked about. And certainly the North America performance to Fabrizio's point represents that as well.
Fabrizio Freda: Just -- can I add that there's also MAC has been a good start in the Ulta target experience. It's a great start in the preparation of the holiday season. And the brand is doing very well online and is one of the brands that is benefiting from the service acceleration online both in U.S. and EMEA. So overall, very good progress from MAC obviously, as you would expect in the contest of the makeup acceleration for consumers in general.
Fabrizio Freda: I think the exploration of newness in the world of beauty will continuous, will never stop. And personally, I don't have any data points that suggest was dependent on COVID. The disploration is not only by our new brands, but this disploration is about the newness of the existing brands. In fact, our percentage on newness continues to be very, very high and our innovation program continues to be super exciting. We are continued to be in the 30% of new products per year, which is extraordinary and has been a huge progress in the last years. So we continue to see consumers to be interested in innovation, and we continue to make our innovation program one of the best drivers of growth globally.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. No, we see obviously a very strong fragrance mascot and we see great growth in every single regions. So it's good. We see particularly strong fragrance traction in the high-end fragrances, in what we call the luxury artisan  of our portfolio. This is really a stand, so brands like Jo Malone, Tom Ford, Le Labo, Kilian, Frederic Malle. And -- and we believe this will continue. This is a trend we have identified some years ago and we have focused the growth of our portfolio and our innovation on this kind of highly sophisticated fragrance experiences. And while we have seen that the -- during COVID that this trend is accelerated, the consumers are even more interested. The other interesting thing is during COVID, the element of our fragrance brands that were, for example, home, like candles or personal cleansing, or pampering parts of the lineup beyond the fragrance also was accelerating, and this acceleration continues. So the positives that consumer have learned, also the possibility of the pampering in-house element of products that these brands provide, they continue to buy them also after the COVID period or this COVID thing. So the entire fragrance brands are strong. The fragrance category is strong. And we expect to have a good holiday season. In this area, we expect continuous growth over time.
Fabrizio Freda: I mean, we achieved double-digit growth in China this quarter and some very strong double-digits also on a 2 or 3 years stacked basis. So despite the restrictions they were also in July and August. So the Chinese consumer are really strong and we are serving them. We also with a variety of locations, meaning in every channel we see the growth online, we see the growth in brick-and-mortar. We see the growth in high-end and, and our key idea is to serve the Chinese consumers wherever they are, and to serve them in the best possible way. So we manage this with agility. And depending what is the commercial model that is emerging in China, we focused more on 1 channel , also depending by the season and by the moment. Also screen -- skin care, which I think is a great sign of strength, skin care grew strong double-digit despite the very tough comparison with the previous year. While in our case, we launched the Advanced Night Repair relaunch.  So it was a very big innovation in the base period. So brick-and-mortar in China also saw very strong growth, and our business online grew double digits. Despite the fact that in quarter 1, online is a bit normally sandwiched between the 6.18 big event and the 11.11 big event. But despite that, we grew double-digits. And the long term for demand on the market in closing, name ly the large and growing in the class with increasing spending per person, all these remain intact. And so the key idea is to be able to focus on the Chinese consumer, in whatever channel they choose to shop in depending on the moment to the year. And that's where we are doing, and that's why we remain very confident for the remaining of the fiscal year.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. First of all, DECIEM is an extraordinary Company and The Ordinary is a brand with enormous success in traction. And so first of all, we are collaborating with the management team of DECIEM to continue building both The Ordinary and to continue building the overall DECIEM Company with their extraordinary incubation capability to have a new brand that they are creating for the future. So both of these activities -- so the big learning is obviously the ability to create vast interest, and the relationship between The Ordinary brand and the consumer is really extraordinary. Obviously, we can learn a lot from this. But apart from learning, we can support them in the implementation of the global commercial strategies in increasing the reach for the brand and obviously, in leveraging the powerful connection with the consumer in the best possible way, in supply chain, in R&D, in many, many areas.  So we can learn and we can support, and this exchange is proving to be very successful. Then on top of The Ordinary, there are other brands that building other ideas and creating for the future. So what we're learning is also the power of the creative incubation and the creation on new brands, and these will have an influence on our future ability to continue developing brands. And definitely, we will leverage the strengths of these in most in this area.
Fabrizio Freda: Keep in mind that in China, our most distributed brand, which is Estee Lauder in 140 cities where today with a strong social media and with the strong aspiration of values of our brand. As we speak, we can -- we are demand in more than 700 cities. So there are many, many consumers in China they can only buy either online or traveling and traveling domestically today. And historically Kelly also traveling internationally. And so the -- it is just the market, commercially, the market is designed to have a very limited  between the Mainland, China, and the Hainan service. An enormous amount of consumer that comes also from Tier 3, Tier 4 cities, areas where there is not a lot of brick-and-mortar distribution. And so Hainan cannot track this consumer in this moment, also is a place where people go for holidays, as part of these holiday's this -- there is a lot of the pleasure of shopping, the pleasure of discovery.  The business in China is proving to be a great trial builder, more than an cannibalizing business and is building trial of people that otherwise would not be able to try our problem, then we'll repurchase them. We'll repurchase them maybe again in the future travel, but most of the times in their everyday lives in Mainland China. So obviously, there is commercial competition. The market is becoming very competitive. There is a lot of players. And commercially, there is that will continue to be intense competition. But there is -- every channel serves, frankly, a very different role. And so our strategy is to be able to leverage each one of these channel in the best possible way. We are maximizing the coverage and the service to the total consumers in China that are interested in Beauty, and over time to be able to better differentiate the scope of the channels and how the consumer will be served by the different channels.  Last thing I want to say, Hainan had at least the last number I've seen over the 80 million visitors in the last year. So if you think that Hainan serves the entire middle class because it's domestic travel. You don't need to have a passport. So today, in our knowledge, about 12% of Chinese consumer at the task force, even when international travel will restart. There will be even limited cannibalization versus international travel, because China would serve many consumers that do not plan to travel internationally. So we are very positive on the long term and very positive on the ability to serve the consumers using different channels, which is our strategy.
Fabrizio Freda: I just wanted to add that our North America growth discourse, which has been extraordinary, is the result of manufacturers. It's definitely not yet the impact of Ulta, Target, or Sephora, or Kohl's. That was just at the beginning and only in the last months of the quarter. So it's the result of many other very positive signs. Also, we have been getting shares with categories during the quarter in Clinique, in MAC, in La Mer, in Bobbi, in Tom Ford, in Jo Malone, so it's a very broad growth across. We are really ready with our innovation with the strong marketing programs. We had anticipated they come back for makeup. We have strengthened our program in what we call the Makeup Renaissance in anticipation on the return to back-to-school or back to work. And we had amazing programs so that we have had the obviously the ordinary, which is the number four brand in a skincare in prestige U.S. to our portfolio. So is a combination of factors of improvement of the strategy and improvement of the execution in our North America organization. So it's a refilled quarter, and we do expect the Ulta Target and Sephora to contribute more in the next quarters, or was not the key contributing factor in quarter one.
