Fabrizio Freda: So obviously, we don't know about the specific medical health recovery timing, which is the unknown at this point. But we are in agreement with your assumption, which is basically this will have an impact in the short term and definition of short term is what is unknown today. But then after this period, there will be a recovery and people will come gradually back to normal habits. And so, we do expect to recover our momentum at the end of the health crisis. And in terms of our assumption today are in line with what you said. We assume the two quarters to be affected by the impact and we expect a normalization in fiscal year '21. That's our assumption today. The other important thing is that, we are ready to stay close to the current mitigation of the issue and resolution of the health classes as we are doing, supporting our China team and all the activities that the government is putting in place in China today. And we also will stand ready to support the recovery when the recovery will be happening and to invest behind the recovery as required by the market opportunity, but most importantly, by the needs of rebuilding the right consumption of Chinese consumers in the name of the economical development of China.
Fabrizio Freda: So, first of all, in -- as we said this quarter has contributed to the stabilization of our North America business and this has been in line with the strategy we communicated in Investor Day. And we remain committed and to continue the work of stabilization in the next months. So what happened this quarter is, first of all, we have used as anticipated much more granular insight in the market to activate our plans and much more local relevance in the activation. The other thing that happened, we have recognized the softness of the overall makeup market and that's why we have accelerated our activity in skin care and particularly fragrances during the holiday season that we have well fitting the situation and we got great results. So, we had -- if you want adjusted our engines of growth in a way that contributed to the good results. Our innovation pipeline as anticipated has been strong and the impact of innovation has improved. And so, all this have been a positive impact. We will continue to operate in that direction, but we do have still to be confront some of the headwinds. To be clear, the makeup softness, particularly the color makeup softness is continuing. As you mentioned, the closures of certain retailing stores where we do have high market share will continue although we completely share the Macy's strategy of focusing on the high-performance doors and/or gradually stopping the smaller and lower performance doors with -- as I said, we support the strategy, but obviously we will need to operate with the strategy with making sure that we retain the consumer -- the brands. And this will be difficult, but we will do our best to do that. So we need to take under account our extraordinary efforts to improve our model that are working, but also take under account there will continue to be headwinds. So our strategy remains at this point stabilization.
Fabrizio Freda: That's actually a good point. We assume that there will be obviously an important reduction of Chinese travelers not visiting the U.S. in the next at least two, three months and this will have a negative impact obviously on the sales to Chinese tourists. Frankly, in this moment we are assuming in our guidance also a slowdown on any travel population. To be clear in this moment because of the coronavirus global concern, tourists in general is being reduced temporary. So, we are taking this temporary assumption -- sorry the assumption of this temporary reduction under account in our guidance.
Fabrizio Freda: I -- frankly, yes, I think everyone realizes the power of skin care in this moment and we are all working together to leverage the power of skin care also because skin care for instant results and skincare product combined with makeup is on a growth. So, there are -- yes you speak about shelf space which obviously is a bit more gradual in the way it changes. But definitely innovation programs are reflecting a lot of this. So, there is more activity, more social media, more advertising in skin care than before and this is a reflection on the results. By the way makeup is a big category. The makeup for face meaning foundation for example is still doing very, very well. The place which is softer is color. And importantly, what we are doing to contribute not only to leverage skincare fragrances better but to reinstate growth in makeup in the future is we have accelerated the innovation in the makeup category contributing to the future results of our retail partners also in this category. So, to be clear, we are not giving up at all on makeup. We are just accepting that in the short-term, we are focusing more on other category and innovating better in makeup to reactivate the consumer interest.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay. On the first question is -- the answer is no. At this point, we are not considering Amazon, a channel for our luxury beauty products and we are focusing of our current channels and our current partners to build a continued stabilization in North America of our business. As far as the China question, is the number of physical doors, I'll let Tracey go with that.
Fabrizio Freda: And on the second part of the China question which is the online, absolutely the online channel is very strong in China and as we said in the second quarter. But in this moment also online is suffering because in this moment in the middle of the outbreak, the delivery system in homes and in the big distribution centers also people are now working like in this moment until February 10th, many people with non-essential activity in factories in other situation this is stopped. The same is for distribution centers the same for other activities. So online in -- at least in the short-term is having the same issues of brick-and-mortar. In terms of the role of online in the recovery in the future, we are optimistic that online will play a very strong role in the recovery when the recovery will happen.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. So the short answer to the first question in this moment travel retail is the most impacted channel. Because if you think what -- just to give you the context of what's happening, you will probably know that more than 60 airlines just closed their flights. So in this moment the travel in and out of China is suspended in the large majority of cases. So there is lack of traffic for -- just in and out of China. Second, in general tourism in this moment is more prudent, because it's a global issue. The outbreak is a global concern. And so many people which are concerned to travel in this moment are reducing their choice or postponing some of the travel. And I'm speaking touristic travel. Then there is a third factor. Many companies have banned travel to any place -- to China, but also to any other place where there is the virus. And so business travel is being reduced not to count the many companies are reducing business travel for cost containment reasons. So in this moment, the amount of travel in airports is reduced and traffic is significantly reduced. So that's the biggest impact. The second biggest impact is obviously China Mainland itself and Hong Kong, which have reduced significance. So I would say the Greater China area, because of all the reasons that we have already discussed in the prepared remarks that I'm not going to repeat. But the most important thing is that keep in mind that until February 10 most of the cities are not even -- people are not back to work until at February children are not back to school. And people are requested rightly so not to get out of home for reasons, which are not essential and not going public transportations where there is a risk of contamination. So, the behaviors of the entire population is fundamentally changed. And because of this, this is the second area where in the short-term we expect an impact. The second part of your question is the recovery. Now the recovery we know what you know. We have studied all the previous cases in all the previous situation. And what we see is that the recovery tends to be hockey sticks, meaning, when the things is back, it's back particularly in the traveling. When traffic is back, traffic is back and the people buy. The thing that can -- that we can do more in terms of the business learning that we're applying or during the period before the recovery in travel retail will be very important to push conversion, meaning, when there is -- travel retail is built by traffic and by conversion. Conversion is an area where we're making many improvements. So in this period of transition where traffic will be low, we are reworking our plans to use conversion as a key mitigating element of the deep and then obviously we are preparing for future recovery plans when the time will arrive. The last point I want to make is that we will try to tune the recovery to the recovery of the Chinese economy and the Chinese population. We don't want just to look this as a business. We want to see -- look at this as a contribution to the recovery of the country and really supporting our employees at the country in this. And the same will happen in travel retail where for example some of our customers and retail partners are Chinese. And we are going to stay close to them to contribute to the recovery of the travel retail business to make sure that our long-term retail partners will benefit from the recovery much -- as much as possible and to start this all again to restart the right process and to regain momentum not only for us, but for the entire industry.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes. No, that's a very good question. As I commented a lot of times on the subject this is a very important phenomenon, because today we have physical distribution in China in 123 city with our most distributed brands which are Lauder and Clinique and much lower city coverage in the other brands, which are still on a growth trajectory. So it is a lot of physical distribution potential in the long-term still untapped. But at the same time, we know there is demand in China now in over 600 cities. So there are over 450 cities where there is strong demand and there is not yet physical distribution of prestige luxury and for sure prestige luxury of Estée Lauder brands. So this demand gets filled by online and get filled by -- when there's consumer travel also travel within China like in amazing 3-Tier markets like Hainan Island then where they can access the products or when they travel for internal business or vacation like go to Beijing or to Shanghai. So that's the situation. But online cover a lot these cities and that's why also is growing and is very strategic, because it give us access to these consumers in a very productive way. The other important positive consequence of this dynamic is that the brick-and-mortar can remain very productive. It can remain very focused where there is the right productivity and online can cover productively the rest. So this is a good phenomenon continue to grow. It is definitely one of the reason behind my comment that we are having better and better results also in the Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities also where physical distribution has not yet arrived. In terms of percentage of sales, China is the highest percentage of sales online versus other markets. It's on high side and it's continued to grow.
Fabrizio Freda: I mean, we have control of the online I mean with our partners like Tmall and obviously, our own online activity. But the – remember we – our way to build distribution and also to build coverage is – we are in luxury. And for us selective distribution, which means demand ahead of supply is very important. So we gradually build the demand. And the reason why today demand is growing so fast also in the city is social media. Because while in the past advertising was local, meaning advertising was focused in the cities where there was physical distribution. Social media by definition is national. So you are in a dynamic where demand is normally ahead of supply and that's the typical demand of the good luxury market and we are filling this demand gradually and making sure that we keep the concept of desirability and high quality and high quality also the experience that we give to our consumer in mind. So we are not selling products. We are selling quality and full experiences and we only do that when we can provide the best possible service to the consumer. So the short answer is gradually, but yes, we have the capability to dial up as the market opportunity reveals itself.
Fabrizio Freda: So I will not give you specific numbers but I can tell you that we have the consumer data, so we know the number of consumers that are buying from different cities. Even we use these data analytics to decide where to open physical distribution. So we use the demand and the elements of the strength of the demand from the cities also to judge our physical distribution strategy to make sure that we continue to provide better high-touch services to the consumer when the demand is sufficient to be productive and to offer the quality and the service that we need to offer. So it's a gradual development of quality service.
Tracey Travis: And I just want to add as it relates to our guidance. I mentioned the range of $1.82 to $1.91 which is within our press release. I think I mentioned a different number in our guidance for the second half.
Tracey Travis: Yes. So, starting with the Have & Be dilution, we obviously have the step-up in inventory which is one-time depends on how you're treating the interest expense which is also in that number. What I would say Michael is that we expect that Have & Be will be, if you think forward, relatively flat including purchase accounting. So, eliminating those onetime items next year and accretive the following year.
Tracey Travis: Yes. So, as you can imagine it's quite fluid. And one of the things that we've seen is the Chinese New Year extended for many, many of our employees. Our stores have closed as malls have closed. So, very recently two-thirds of our department store doors were closed and the remaining doors were on reduced hours. Now that could change next week, so this is a very fluid situation.
Tracey Travis: So I'll start and then Fabrizio can also add his comments. We are progressing towards stabilization in North America. And clearly, it was a strong holiday and strong second quarter for us in North America and in other parts of the globe. So our teams have worked awfully hard to make this holiday season a very good one and consumers responded and we're very happy about that. As we look at the back half of the year, Fabrizio touched on the fact that we do have tourists that we expect that that business to be a bit softer given the situation that we're managing through globally. And I would also say that North America is making progressive progress. However, I would not expect that the second quarter would necessarily be reflective of continued acceleration from there. But the North America team is executing against all of the strategies that were laid out last year and we're seeing some good outcomes from that. So what we told you last quarter was North America, we expect certainly to have better performance this year than we did last year in North America. So that is progression towards stabilization. Lauren asked earlier about the Macy's announcement. And clearly, as we've been saying for some time, we believe that brick-and-mortar needs to be taken out of North America. North America has been over retailed for some time. So we are very much aligned with what Macy's has announced in their Investor Day yesterday. The doors that actually would be closing in our fiscal year were already included in our guidance.
