Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, that is a long question. Let me start from the 2019 part of your question, which was the first part, and then I'll address the long term. So, we have recognized that given the external environment, there is a risk the China TR moderate growth and there is a risk of tariffs. So we have frankly already recognized that risk in the August guidance. However, we have prudently growth the protection of our estimate from that risk this time because obviously, we didn't pass all the beat of quarter one on, which increased our protection of this risk to materialize. If this risk does not materialize, obviously, we have the opportunity to do better. And that's the way we look at it. And we have also internal flexibility to answer more directly your question to move funds and resources to the most appropriate growth opportunity, depending on what we see. And we have, with our leadership team organized ourselves to be ready to allocate resources, depending on the situation externally and depending on the rate of return of our innovation and our initiatives. So that's the way we are organized. In terms of the long term is we frankly believe that the China market will continue to be a market that will grow at double digit over the long-term. And this is going to be driven, as I said in my prepared remarks, by many external factors, meaning demographies, growth of middle class, women work, young generation, purchasing powers and the amazing, amazing interest for luxury beauty in the Chinese consumers. That will not change. It will not be changing because of economic trends. Maybe variable or volatile because of economic trends in the short term or because of tariff implication or any other aspect, but will not change in our opinion for the long term. So, we are assuming that a double-digit growth of China and travel retail will be part of our long-term potential in terms of growth. But also, we have demonstrated in this quarter that to reach a 6% to 8% growth for the long-term, we do not need an over-delivery of China travel retail. We are just implying travel retail and China to continue what we design a normalized long-term growth. And we will be able to deliver our long-term 6% to 8%. And the many other engines of growth are also helping that. Last data point, if you take our EMEA results and you exclude UK short-term issues for Brexit, as Tracey underlined, if you exclude the TR positive impact, you are left with plus 7% growth, which is exactly in the middle of our long-term 6% to 8%, just to make the point.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, no. Thank you. M•A•C is improving sequentially its performance. This definitely in the quarter in the short term has the positive implication to restock in the Middle East and to the improvements of this trend in the Middle East. Therefore, M•A•C is very important. But now also to speak about the negatives, I will say there's also – there is the negative that Brazil is another important market for M•A•C which it was not very active in this quarter. So, there are positive and negative also internationally. The drivers start becoming many, many. China continue to be a great driver. Asia in total continue to be a great driver. TR continue to be a great driver, and many other emerging markets, and markets in Europe – Italy, for example, that we have mentioned as for the overall business is one of the best performing markets for M•A•C. And to your question, we continue to see... (34:08 – 34:18)
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah. I was speaking about – so you dropped when I was speaking that there was the positive of the Middle East that you highlighted, but there was also some negative, like Brazil is not yet back, but obviously because of our external environmental situation. But I was also mentioning the positives for M•A•C. There were China, TR, every single Asia market, Italy. And I was speaking about the improvements in the U.S. in specialty-multi, in online, and I was saying that these improvements are also generated by a more focused innovation plan with fewer initiatives, bigger, and focus on the key drivers. And I made the example of lipstick, but we have also a big example in foundation and an exciting innovation plan in front of us. So, M•A•C is on improvement trend in the U.S. and continues its solid performance overall internationally.
Fabrizio Freda: So, I'll take this one. And premiumization, absolutely we see that. As you see in our – but, again, your question is about guidance. So, the guidance – I'll comment to the guidance in a second. But in terms of the results we see today, we see the market of beauty remaining very strong. Our estimate is 5% to 6% for the year, which assume in this 5% to 6% a little slowdown in the second semester, but the current growth is very strong. And we do see premiumization, meaning prestige is growing much faster than mass in all the markets that we have data about. And most importantly, we see consumer continue to trading up and going toward luxury skin care, basically towards quality products and quality experiences. And we see the overall luxury experience, which includes service and customization, to be more and more preferred by consumer, and we believe this is a long-term trend and the fact that we are a company completely focused on prestige we believe is a strong competitive advantage for the long-term because in all our brand, we are delivering the premiumization benefits that the consumer is looking for. Your second part of the question was more specifically in the guidance. No, on the contrary in the guidance, as you have seen, we do not assume the market to accelerate – the premiumization to accelerate in the second semester. Actually, we assume a moderation of this phenomenon for the next short term for the January-June period, not necessary for the long term but that's in the assumption and again we explain why we are taking prudently this assumption at this point in time.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, so first of all, on all these brands, and frankly on every brand that the impact of e-commerce is very positive. As we explained, we have brand sites, retail.com and overall platforms like Tmall. We are growing in each one of these three segments very strongly, double-digits, and particularly on platform at very strong double-digits, and also in retail.com at very strong double-digits. And we expect this strong trend to continue because also we are creating great experiences online in all these platforms and the consumer is more and more interested. We are very strong, and we have been investing for years in this area, so we consider our e-commerce business a strength and something we can continue to leverage and be at the forefront of the industry with it. In terms of the contribution of innovation, as I touched in my prepared remarks, we are really taking innovation to the next level. Our innovation today is much more focused on the right opportunities, on the right consumer targets, on the right benefits, thanks to a major work we have done in the last couple of years on adding analytics and more sophisticated analytics to our way to determine how to innovate and to focus our marketing plan after we have produced the innovation, and we see the results of this. Personally, I believe that a big part of our acceleration on the big brands is driven by the quality of our innovation and by the ability to focus innovation on the areas of biggest return. Finally, we are really focused on product quality. That's why at the end, we speak about prestige. Premiumization is about qualitization in my opinion and the consumer are going more and more towards high quality products. Our products are superb quality as we see from the repurchase rates of our consumers. So innovation needs to be pushed with trial, but after the trial what really makes the innovation successful is how many consumers come back more and more to buy the product, that we measure with our repurchase rates. And we have extraordinary strong repurchase rates and obviously profitability is driven by repurchase. Investments are driven by trial. So we always keep in mind this difference.
Fabrizio Freda: Thank you for this question. Actually, yes, we do expect Clinique to get a lot of acceleration, definite from online. That's already happening and will continue to happen more, but as I mentioned particularly from innovation. I believe Clinique is one of the best innovation programs in this moment in front of us, and I said there will be a new launch of Clinique, which is very important in December which is very exciting in the area of Skin Care. And there is more innovation to come. Plus the ingredient story of Clinique has been taken to the next level, and this also is having an initial encouraging impact on consumers. So we are in a situation where three of our biggest brands are already growing double-digits, in which M•A•C is gradually improving, in some points, which has been U.S. and UK. And in a situation where Clinique, we believe has the potential for the total fiscal year to go back to growth as well. And so our ambition is to finish this fiscal year with all our top-four brands on a growth trajectory.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, you're welcome. And so we are doing well in specialty-multi. We continue to grow. And this has continued to be one of our key drivers. And we are at the point already, we communicated that last quarter, where the benefit of specialty-multi start to being substantial, so having a significant impact on our growth in the quarter. That's very positive. Now there's been some slowdown on Smashbox for sure, as you mentioned, and that's obviously a slowdown of the results of growth. But the other brands really in specialty-multi did very, very well, and there is no other sign of slowdown. Actually, I would say, most of them are on a clear accelerating trend. And there is more potential for distribution. Yes, on M•A•C in Ulta, there is more potential for more doors. That is not only about M•A•C. There is more potential for many of our small and medium-sized brands that have the opportunity to further accelerate distribution in this area. And as you know, we had also some distribution in online and flagship doors of brands like Jo Malone and La Mer, which are also performing very well on the high-end consumers that shop in this channel. So overall, we are positive and we believe this story can continue to build over time.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, so on the innovation on Clinique, which is customized to every consumer, I prefer not to comment more. We are in the process of announcing it to the various retailers around the world, and so we'll be soon official and will be launched in December. But basically is the kind of innovation our analytics are giving us, meaning innovation that is not only a great product quality that provide interesting and relevant benefits. But is also proposing to the consumer a new customization idea and so there is responding to new desires, doing it in a way which is unexpected and different. And that's the quality of innovation I'm speaking about. We always had to make quality products. We always had the ability to create interesting benefits. But we are now learning how to do it in a way which is much more customized, more differentiated and anticipate new consumer desires in a world where the consumers is more at the center of the attention and leading the process. In terms of the other innovation, yeah, the Moisture Surge, which is the Clinique 72-hours benefit product you had mentioned is doing very, very well. It's one of the key driver of the success in skin care of Clinique, and it's the results of a extraordinary technical innovation, where the level of moisturization is extremely strong and very appreciated by the consumer, included into a formula with a very special texture that we know has high level of appreciation by the consumer around the world. So, it's strong, it's doing well, and we believe there is potential to do even better in the future. We'll continue to drive it. Another example is the launch of jelly, which I mentioned, which is basically taking the core franchise of moisturization of Clinique and giving it a different form and this jelly form, by the way, our analytics show that there was absolutely preferred by a certain group of consumers, particularly young consumers. And so, with the goal of rejuvenating, of making younger, that historical franchise of Clinique, we have chosen a form, a texture, and a model of benefit that we knew was preferred by this group of consumers. And, in fact, the results are coming. So, it's about applying our historical innovation strengths to better analytical understanding of the opportunities and thanks to this, creating much higher rate of returns of our innovation scheme.
Fabrizio Freda: So, to that point of Tracey, basically, we have higher variable costs and lower fixed costs, and we are more flexible, and we have great cash. And so, the ability to go through recessions with cash assuming this had to happen. But I want also to touch on the part from the consumer. To be clear, we have a portfolio of brands, that really go from the entry price point of prestige to the luxury. And so, we have seen during recession our abilities also to push more the brands which are at the entry price point and to leverage them. And today, we are much more capable of doing that and we have a much richer portfolio across the several price points. The other thing which has changed is – please, let's not forget that prestige cosmetics are affordable luxury. And the famous thing that Leonard Lauder said many years ago about the lipstick index, which is when there is a recession, women buy more lipsticks, not less, for the simple thing that it is affordable luxury in a moment where maybe other luxuries is not the right priority for families or for people. And so, we believe that we can leverage much better than in the past the concept of the lipstick index.
Fabrizio Freda: And I just want to add that the Clinique team, which is probably listening to the call, will be very happy about your question because they could not agree more that they are working very hard on the modernization of the brand. They have modernized the allergy-tested, fragrance free position of the brand with the new purity statement. They're modernizing their stores. They're modernizing their packaging. We spoke already about innovation. There's been a lot of progress on Clinique and frankly, you would see already more of this progress into the number if it was not for the fact that, for example, Bon-Ton closure is the large majority impacting Clinique, the House of Fraser softness in the UK is for the large majority impacting Clinique. So Clinique has been the most impacted not necessarily by the consumer not liking the brand, but really from the dislocation of the distribution reality around the world. And the work they are doing on modernization of the brand starts working well, and we believe will give soon better and better results.
Fabrizio Freda: Yeah, in our portfolio, first of all, the purity concept is actually the Clinique concept. As I said, today it is called in many different ways. It's called clean, natural, et cetera but – so the brand that is now stepping up to leverage this trend in a unique Clinique way is actually Clinique. The other brands are obviously Origins, which is, as I said in my prepared remarks, exactly in the middle of that and in fact is having exciting results. And exciting results because it's leveraging the strength and because it's doing great innovation exactly on that trend, like the very recent launch of Origins lipstick line in the U.S., which is a super exciting flower-based line that leverage even in lipstick the natural trends that personally, I believe, will be very, very interesting for the consumer worldwide. And then we have Aveda. Aveda is in the middle of this since always, since ever. Not only Aveda adds to the natural element to be leveraged, the sustainability element as well that is a very strong preferred Millennials point of view today. So Clinique, Origins, Aveda are the obvious question that we are using these brands to further leverage these trends. And on your question on M&A, we always look at the M&A possibilities around the world, and if there will be opportunity in these areas, obviously we will consider them.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Basically, when we gave guidance in August we included the known announced guidance at that time that we knew were going to be impacting us. And so that was tariff related to the EU and some preliminary tariffs in China. Subsequently, it has become more certain at least that – or at least we believe that we may experience higher tariffs in January. So, some of the – embedded in the guidance in the second half from an EPS standpoint is the inclusion of that increase in tariffs. We do, as we said on the last call, 30% of our product in China comes from the U.S. The balance comes from our factories around the rest of the globe. So, that's generally what the exposure is. We also export products out of China, primarily raw materials and components. And so, we do get a duty drawback on that.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah. So, regarding Makeup, we did have – we called out as well some declines in our Smashbox business. But the Too Faced investment – the Too Faced had quite a few large launches this quarter. They launched their Born This Way Foundation with extended shades, Born This Way Concealer. Their Tutti Frutti line as well launched this quarter. So, they had – quarter-to-quarter, it's very difficult to look at our results from a spending standpoint because we are so launch and innovation driven. And if it's a bigger launch one quarter than the next, you'll see perhaps outsized spending and depending on when that spending happens in the quarter. So I would expect that our Makeup operating margins will improve throughout the balance of the year, and you'll see more normalization there.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And the only thing I'll add to this and this doesn't directly address your question, but just a reminder that for our overall company, our increase from pricing and distribution has been roughly the same in the 2% to 3% for distribution, 2% pricing. Everything else is innovation and comp store sales. So the big acceleration that we've seen, which certainly includes the performance in China and travel retail but also online, has been really in that category, which is very, very strong and very healthy for us.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Yeah, so, I'll start. One of the big differences quite honestly is Leading Beauty Forward. And so, the efforts that we have taken to take more fixed cost out of the business to structure ourselves differently, to invest behind faster growing areas, we actually have more flexibility in our cost base, which you hear us talk about quite often. And in terms of investing behind when markets are strong and when innovation is strong, but also pulling back when there is a downturn or to your point if a recession were to occur. So, I think structurally the company is much, much stronger today than it was a few years ago, because of all of the work that we've done in programs like Leading Beauty Forward to really reorganize our expense base and invest behind areas that really drive the growth of the business.
Tracey Thomas Travis: So let me start on the tariff question. We are seeing obviously incredibly strong growth in China, so we have not been building up related to the tariffs. We've really been flowing inventory as we have it to support the slow or the very fast sales trends. So we don't have a big inventory buildup in China where that would cause the moderation or the slowdown that we're speaking about in the second half. As it relates to Clinique, and I'll let Fabrizio add on to this as well, one of the things that we mentioned in the last call that I would just remind you of is, Clinique has been one of the brands that's been disproportionately affected by some of the retailer dislocation that's happened, particularly in North America – in Canada and in the U.S. because they were so strong in those businesses, so. And the same in the UK as well, we're seeing that impact with Clinique. So they have been disproportionately affected by that. The innovation in recent years has been quite strong, and certainly there's been a lot more competition in the space. I always say great brands attract great competition and certainly our brand portfolio has done that. So the innovation, as Fabrizio mentioned that Clinique is coming out with, is informed by insights, the competitive environment, what consumers are looking for today, and being done in a Clinique way. And so we are very encouraged by early signs that we've seen on some of the product launched starting with Moisture Surge and certainly the jelly that Fabrizio spoke about and the upcoming innovation that will begin to be phased out in December on the new product line which is quite exciting.
