Richard Kunes: Sure. As you know, our business model is built on generating high volumes through as few doors as possible, if you will. So that productivity at point of sale, and what we're seeing is tremendous results from a sales perspective, which is helping us to drive our productivity at point of sale. And just generally across the company, we're doing I think a pretty effective job of leveraging growth. So our growth has been ahead of what we actually thought we would achieve this fiscal year, and what we are doing is very effectively controlling our costs associated with that, and at the same time, taking some of that additional profitability and investing it in advertising, in particular, magazine and television advertising, which is helping drive our business especially in markets like China. So the business model that we built is working pretty well for us so far.
Richard Kunes: So our next wave starts about 12 months from now, I believe. And, I mean, we're working on it now as we speak. I don't know, Connie, off the top of my head the countries involved. It depends of the retailers. So what we saw this time was because of their past experience with other suppliers, they were somewhat concerned, I guess, about whether we would have any problems going live with SAP. And what happened was actually that our implementation and go live went very well for us. So I don't know whether in the future now, other customers will look at that experience and assume the same or whether they'll be cautious as well and also order in advance of us going live in their markets.
Richard Kunes: You're doing the right calculation for the region, but not for Travel Retail. None of that was associated with Travel Retail. So the $31 million charge last year was associated with the SKU assortment in perfumeries in Europe. So that was a charge, you're absolutely correct on that. And the shift in sales was all at the sales affiliate level, U.K. and Germany this year where sales from the fourth quarter were moved into the third quarter. So those would be the 2 adjustments that you would make.
Richard Kunes: No, you're right. It was based on spending patterns, but has nothing to do with our profitability improvement within the region. I think if you look on a year-to-date basis in Europe, you'll see that our numbers are up substantially, and I think you'll still see for the full year a substantial improvement in the profitability of the European region and quite honestly throughout all our regions.
Richard Kunes: Well because there's -- for us, Bill, you see our gross margin, and there's really very little expenses associated with it. So when they ordered additional - at the end of March, ordered additional stock, there was no expenses associated with it. So it's pure gross margins to us. And same happens next quarter when those sales don't happen. So we don't change our spending plans as a result of that. Those stay sort of constant. So that's what generates that huge margin.
Richard Kunes: Yes, regarding fuel prices. At a certain point in time, we realized that our customers for the most part are not -- probably have the disposable income to buy our products regardless of the fuel prices. But at a certain point in time, fuel prices start to work on the consumer confidence and start to affect people spending pattern in the way they look for their economic well-being, if you will, and starts to affect the overall economy. So there is a point in time, gas is at, whatever, $4.40 or $4.35, I think I saw in the way in to the office this morning. So gas is starting to push up and what we're saying is that if that continues, if that price dramatically changes, there could be an effect on the consumer sentiment, which will obviously affect our business.
Richard Kunes: Yes. Ali, the exchange benefit that we had versus our estimate, we mentioned 2% of sales. That was worth -- it's worth about $0.04 from earnings in the quarter.
Fabrizio Freda: This is Fabrizio. Actually, first of all, Travel Retail will continue to exploit the power of our brands in the key markets because consumers we try in this market when to travel the Lauder brands. And the advertising in those markets will continue to influence positively Travel Retail. But what is the new trend and new possibility this channel offers is actually also using the channel for equity building. And I like Olivier to explain exactly how we is doing that with his team in that channel.
Fabrizio Freda: Yes, the nature of the spending is basically advertising and sampling a key merchandising activity on the biggest new initiatives and launches on the biggest brands in the main markets like China or the U.S. And we are increasing overall advertising by one full point. So 100 basis point in the year on average. And in the quarter, we are increasing about 140 points. So we are really taking a big stance in building our business aggressively, building on our best brands, countries and initiatives. And we have built a business model where this is supposed to continue. So yes, it will continue for the future. Because in our business model, our pool activities have a bigger role.
Fabrizio Freda: No, I didn't say that every year we'll go up a point. I just said that we have increased the point, and this level is supposed to continue, and we will find -- we will look for opportunities to continue to gradually take this amount up depending on business needs and opportunities.
Fabrizio Freda: Okay, let me put the number first ahead. Japan is about 5% of our business. We are seeing about a 10% reduction because of the dramatic event, and Travel Retail related to Japanese people, so Travel Retail in Japan and influenced by Japanese travelers is about 6% of the Travel Retail business. And on that front, we are seeing, for the time being, about a 20% to 30% impact. So the combination of those 2 elements, meaning the Japanese traveling, Travel Retail and Japan mainland is the $0.05 impact that we have quoted. The next question is on the U.S., is that we see the specialty stores in the U.S. continue to be the fastest-growing channel in Prestige. But department stores are also growing pretty fast in this field. As I said, the combination of department stores and specialty store Prestige channel is growing at this point faster than drug and mass.
Fabrizio Freda: No, we are not raising at this point, because we are still analyzing details all the elements. And we have all the elements, we will continue to update our guidelines in this sense. But if your question is should you expect to continue to see our margin progress, yes, you should. As we said, we had a very strong margin progress at the beginning of our program. We are today at the middle. We are after 2 years of our full-year program, because the majority of cost savings and the majority of mix improvement and the majority of improvement on underperforming brands they were a big part of our historical issue, all these things happened in the first 2 years. Now we will continue to progress may be at a different base. We said already in a previous call that we will see that only as 60 points. So 0.5% margin per year minimum as our ongoing ability to continue grow. So we will work on these and then when -- in August, we will present. The next fiscal year, we will also update our thinking on the long term.
Fabrizio Freda: No, we are not going to exit more brands. Actually, we are building more our Fragrance portfolio. As we announced, we have Zegna, also included in our portfolio for the future. We are investing in improving our Fragrance business around the globe. As we said, we made excellent progress in fragrances in the last year, so now they are contributing to our profit improvement year-to-year in a substantial way. And our high-end Fragrance is like Jo Malone and Tom Ford, among the fastest-growing brands in our portfolio. So actually [indiscernible] shape that.
Fabrizio Freda: Actually, what we are seeing is really the strength of our broad portfolio of businesses or brands. Because what we are seeing is that our Clinique and M-A-C brands, for example, which are at the entry price points of Prestige, they continue to benefit from the trade up, actually, from mass into Prestige. They are at the entry of Prestige, and they are the brands which are growing, thanks to our -- the ability of our model to attract people and consumers also from mass drive and other channels around the world. On the contrary, our high-end brands, meaning the most luxury brands in our portfolio, are currently benefiting from the fact that the luxury consumer is back, and they are looking now for quality and for high-quality brands. And in our portfolio, we have brands to offer in that area. And those brands are now growing faster again where those brands, as you know during the recession, had been weaker than they are today.
Fabrizio Freda: I think that we are on a journey. We will continue to rationalize our market spending, including our promotional spending and to reinvest part of this rationalization into activities with higher return, and again, advertising, particularly digital, and on a certain extent, also print and TV depending by country we'll continue to gradually increase.
Fabrizio Freda: We are cautious in Europe because some markets are under pressure. So we definitely continue to see soft markets in Greece, in Portugal, in Spain, specifically, we continue to see soft markets also in Australia and obviously in Japan and in some of the Middle East countries which are closely affected by the political turmoil. On North America, actually, we're not cautious. We see that the North America business, the market trend is pretty positive in this moment, as I said, driven by the fact that the luxury consumer is back.
Fabrizio Freda: So let me first try to give you some specific numbers, and then you can judge our guidance in this case. But first of all, the high-end of our phase guidance would be in terms of sales growth for the last quarter. It will be about 12% if you have to adjust for the shift in orders that we had to have the rest, it might go live in April and for the input on Japan in the quarter, which is about 2 percentage points in the quarter. So if you adjust for this, the top line will be about 12%. Now 12% is in line with the first 9 months, more or less. And so in line were the 10%, 11% we see in the first. So we don't see the full quarter to be too different in terms of apple-to-apple comparison to our bottom line. In term of bottom line, you will need to, again, keep under account the fact that we are investing, 140 points more behind advertising opportunity for a specific choice that I've been frankly repeating that we are taking the flexibility to invest in our biggest opportunities for the long term. And we are taking the opportunity to build and consolidate our strong market share gains in places like China and Travel Retail now that we can, now that the market is strong. Because that's the right moment to do it for the long term. And we are taking advantage of the right windows when they open. And so, yes, you are going to see a certain important increase in advertising investment. They should benefit in turn also our top line in 2012. And you need to keep under account that last year, we had $31 million tax credit that we do not have in the last quarter of this year. That should include increase the quality list of the earning will be different. Now, I don't know, Rick, if want to add anything.
Fabrizio Freda: First of all, we believe we can continue to drive our sales growth ahead of the market by about 1 point minimum every year. That's what we said for the long term. Now we are doing better than that in this moment, thanks to the many great success in activity we are running. But then the minimum stand that we have given ourselves for the long term. Now why we believe we can achieve that and why we are doing better than that today is because in reality, we are putting focus on the biggest opportunity. We have chosen to play in areas which are the fastest growing areas. We put our boat in the wind very well, and the wind is coming from China. The wind is coming from the other emerging markets. The wind is coming from multicultural, multiethnic consumers. The wind is coming from high-quality brands. And importantly, we gave a great contribution to create new wind in our core channel, which is U.S. department store, which is now growing again, and is growing also because of the many important efforts in new business model we are deploying in this channel. So we can grow faster because we are particularly well-positioned in the fastest-growing segments of the entire global market. And by the way, Travel Retail is part of this. The second question is what are the gap in opportunity portfolio? Definitely, we had put a huge priority on Skin Care, and I believe this just the beginning of a journey, particularly, there is more and more opportunity to continue to leverage the Skin Care category in Asia and, as Olivier just explained, in the fast-growing Travel Retail channel. And that will be an area where we'll continue to focus, continue to reinforce our position among others.
Olivier Bottrie: Well, again, what we want to do is to exploit the possibility given to us with very low penetration and conversion rates that we observed in airports in particular. So what we do is put a series of activities to give advantage to advertising of course as we mentioned, towards also improving our contest in airports includes theaters and events all this again to drive consumers into strong and improve conversion therefore, more sales. So the question on how this could affect profitability, in effect, we investigate more sales, and as a result, actually the profitability goes up.
Olivier Bottrie: Well, it's slow but it's growing. So that's the good news. And we actually said the fastest-growing company in the channel, I think, has been great for 2 years now. The reason why we have a global market share of 14.5% only is due to the fact that the Travel Retail market historically is a European plane and it's a Fragrance plane. As a company, we are specialized in cosmetics and beauty, more than in fragrances today, and our trend is really in Asia. Now as I mentioned as well I think in my prepared remarks the trends towards Makeup and Skin Care, and we have very good expectations, very good hope that we could, going forward, continue to gain market share in the channel and increase that share on the back of Makeup and Skin Care as a company of course deploys also more investments acquiring brands to show our presence in Fragrances worldwide.
Olivier Bottrie: First of all, let me qualify penetration. Penetration is a ratio of travelers in stores, number of percentage of travelers visiting stores. When we talk about our long-term outlook, a key factor of our growth in the future is of course traffic. It was explained we're able now to update traffic quite handsomely through techniques and activities that actually drive penetration and conversion. The category, which is a tough question, had been steadily growing in the industry over -- they're growing category to start, the beauty category is #1 in the channel and has been growing, as I said in the past 10 years, at 10% annually, while the overall channel, including all categories have been doing 7%. And again, that trend will be perceived continuing in the future if only due to the rise of Asian travelers and more specifically, Chinese travelers who happened to be avid consumers of Skin Care brands and spent much more on average than the typical American Consumer.
