Jon Moeller: The Procter & Gamble-Teva joint venture will continue to operate through June, the end of our fiscal year; and the Merck deal will close outside of the fiscal year. So, there's no impact from either transaction on fiscal 2018 forecasts or results. Completion of the Merck consumer health care transaction is of course subject to customary, antitrust, reviews and approvals, while we don't anticipate issues it's difficult to predict precisely when that transaction will close. If we assume the Merck transaction closes at the end of the calendar year, we expect that we will add about $500 million to P&G all in sales and will be neutral to organic sales, core earnings per share and all in earnings per share growth in fiscal 2019. It will be accretive after that, growing at a faster rate and the balance of the Company at very attractive margins. We don't expect significant impacts to capital allocation choices and obviously have full line of sight to the deal, as we made the decision to increase the dividend by more than we did in the prior year.
Jon Moeller: There is one other thing, Lauren, that we're actually well proactively contributing to this inventory reduction and that's the supply chain transformation that David talked about, and with our ability now to source, to have 80% of our sales source within 24 hours from production to shelf, there's less system inventory that's required and that's a good thing over periods of time. So, there is that element of contributing as well. And that's certainly U.S. dynamic but increasingly a dynamic in other parts of the world, as we transform the supply chain to better serve our customer base.
Jon Moeller: I think the only thing I would add to that, Dara, is our two points. David made a point in his prepared remarks, so I think is very important the talks to the benefits of noticeable superiority, packaging products and communication of the market et cetera, and where we have that right. We’re delivering our business objectives all the way from household penetration to market share to profit growth the vast majority of the time. And where we don’t have that right is very clear we’re not delivering against those objectives. So that’s not a macro dynamic and that scenario that’s holding us back, its increasing the level of advantage that we need to with our current portfolio which as David said we’re going to use productivity to help fund. The other perspective I give you and this is not in any way an excuse, its perspective on whether it’s a systemic issue here on not in any way an excuse its perspective on whether there is a systemic issue here or not from a market level standpoint to the point of the your question. If you look at as David mentioned this earlier as well. If you look at sales growth, excluding baby and drilling where we know we have work to do we’re 3% fiscal year-to-date, profit growth 9% fiscal year-to-date. So, there is nothing as we look at the totality of the portfolio that indicates to us that those kind of results aren't available on a broader basis.
Jon Moeller: And let me point a little bit on the emerging markets, we are always trying because this is the biggest one that have the most comprehensive data on that, and I would just spend some time going through that markets carefully with the team. We have and if I look at to kind of where we are losing share we will gain share, you're absolutely right the greatest share losses and difficult periods have been kind of all other companies are local and regional competitors. But even that I have seen change over the last, if I go back two years ago the year ago to more recently, and it takes almost category-by-category FemCare definitely was being hit by Hang On which is a local competitor and some other local competitors. We were indexing from four years between 94 and 95 index, in fiscal '16, '17, we grew modestly to 105. We're right now tracking this fiscal year above the 115. Why? We put the pure cotton product out there. We've got the right -- it's the whole lineup is right now and the team has just done a beautiful job one by one understanding the consumer we had to re-staff in a way we are in addition to a strong team adding the capability to make decisions on the ground and that included another more fully functional capability there and we assign people from this center to the market. The same thing happened in Olay which were for many years, if go back to '14 to '15 and '15 to '16 with index in the 90s. This year's can be above 110, and it's showing it can accelerate now what's happened is that it had new some things additional to what we're doing in the rest of the market because you are right, local and regional competitors are doing a lot of stuff in the market. I will draw a distinction between where they may be some share gains and where people are creating value and sustaining that. We are showing, again, whether it’s FemCare, Oral Care or Personal Care business, one by one getting better and which is why in aggregate is 6 and actually Mainland China is a little better than that. That's our Greater China unit. Mainland China is 1 point above that, as we can win against a very aggressive set of competitors. What’s different is the innovation cycle is much shorter. The speed of decisions has to be faster and we’ve had to reorganize to make that happen. That’s part of the end-to-end but go much more aggressively in China. India, which is another market, is very, very difficult. And you see the India market where the whole world went through the too big transitions last year, we’re now double-digit this year doing the same thing, making sure we have the right go-to-market capability for that specific market and then making sure we’ve got superior consumer preferred both products. And one of the biggest changes is getting more latitude to the market to adjust the communication to meet and communicate with the local consumer. So actually I do believe that has been but I’ve got a lot of evidence we can win in China and India, the two biggest markets who are now starting to grow and growing at an accelerating pace as we go through the fiscal year.
Jon Moeller: And I think as well just reflecting on China for a second to your question, Nik about price potential on a global basis. I mean that’s a market we’re at a market level. The premium and super premium tiers are more than 100% of the growth of the market, which continues to be very attractive in total. And our business as well in that market David mentioned Feminine Care is growing fastest at the premium portion of the market. So as we look globally, there continues to be significant opportunities for growth from a sales standpoint and doing that very profitably.
Jon Moeller: Yes, private label what we are seeing is an acceleration of support, I am seeing more but actually in-store in some of our retailers and I think in part due to defending versus the lead on holiday launches that have continued to expand. And because of the importance of that consumer, both all the retailers recognized getting the young mom is important for the basket. And because the profitability pressure, there is a lot of movement there. What we have to do in our doing is making sure our products preferred and that’s the way best to win versus private label and we’ve demonstrated that in Europe over a decade and we’re going to have to sharpen and speed up in terms of some of the changes that we are making to make sure we win with the U.S. consumer. But it is I think a reaction to two dynamics both online and the discounter moves that occurred in the last year, but baby diapers specifically it’s disproportionate off-line versus online. So Amazon, for example, is not a huge dynamic in that category other than as David said it's influencing the behavior of other retailers. In terms of your question on pricing and commodity inflation and productivity and gross margin, pricing will remain a negative impact to top line for the next quarter that's as far as we guided at this point other than I do expect it to turn positive sometime next year. The amount of the impact should lessen over time and one of the big drivers Wendy is simply that we annualize the big Gillette U.S. pricing reduction starting now. Also productivity as we've talked about tends to be back-loaded so increases as the year progresses and bring on additional savings, David mentioned for example the start of production in West Virginia and so I feel reasonably confident that we can grow gross margins in the face of a continued price impact on the top line albeit at lower levels. Sorry, you also asked, this is the trouble with multipart questions is I forget. You also asked about acquisitions and as you will readily appreciate positively or negatively that's not a topic we comment on.
Jon Moeller: And on your question on margins, we're just in the beginning phases of putting our plans together for next year, Olivia, so I don't want to provide specific guidance, but our objective clearly will be to continue our margin growth on both the gross and operating margin line and we will be just as we did this year looking to increase the level of productivity savings that we can bring to bear in that situation, and I expect as well if the commodity trends continue that there will be pricing in some categories and some markets to help offset this as well.
David Taylor: Just a couple of comments. One I would say, we had -- we have today a meaningful acceleration on eight of our businesses, and I feel good about those. Eight of our businesses are now growing over 3% and the profits are very strong. Core EPS on those selected that part of the business would be strong. We had two that have clearly been a bigger challenge than we anticipated that I anticipated. The steps that we are taking are showing signs, but it’s taking longer. And that’s going to require more change and more interventions, and we are taking those in each one of the brand country combinations in both baby and grooming to get them turned. What I’ve seen though that I think reinforces that P&G is turning is just the breadth of brands, countries that are showing now strong growth, and it is showing up in share with the exception of in those two categories. I don’t think investors should wait very long. I expect next year that we will turn. And I think right now the critical part is to ensure that Baby Care and Grooming execute their plans and the interventions that are planned and that we also continue to make and we will continue to make changes as needed as new market realities come forward. The last six months we’ve seen improvements in many really important areas and as P&G getting in a very real way into the natural segment. P&G addresses some of the fastest growing segments. Now, it’s in the first time in many years where we’re starting to see majority of our top 20 markets turning. China is growing now in the mid singles as we said it would, Japan, strong growth in the mid to high singles. Majority of our top 15 to 20 markets are turning. So we do have some issues, we understand them and we are making additional interventions to address them.
David Taylor: I’ll give a comment and Jon, if you have any to jump in there. If I look just at the U.S., recently we’ve turned to kind of right at flat and actually its plus 0.1. Your comments there were very fair. We have seen a couple of dynamics that I think you’re hearing from us and probably some others, the pressure on retailer trade much is real. The pressure in increased emphasis on private label is very real. The dissolution of that is innovation that grows categories and that I think we’re actually well positioned, but we have to do even more. And as we’ve done it, we have certainly seeing progress. I don’t believe that the end of just the modest inventory reductions is everybody works very hard to improve the supply chains, and we anticipate that and we're looking at that next year. We have seen more adjustments than planned this year as we commented on. The key to me though in each one of these categories is where we've demonstrated we can bring new ideas, not mentioned before the Fabric Care example where we come in with whether it’s unstoppable so whether it's coming with just based laundry upgrades or new line extensions, we've been able to grow the category growth share, the challenge is in all these categories to do the same. After several years, we've seen Olay really start to take hold both in U.S. and China, but what's required was a rethinking of the communication model of our in-store presentation and in many cases new items that appeal to consumers. The most recent launch is doing extremely well. So, I believe category by category, you have to look at and while there is some inventory destocking, I believe the fundamental winning and losing will be determined by do you have a consumer proposition that is preferred and do you have a customer propositions that grows the category and helps create more margin. And there's a lot of pressure on that right now as the profit pool is being pressured because the dynamics that exist that you're well aware of both from discounters and from the e-commerce side and we'll have to deal with that.
David Taylor: You did ask many big questions, I'll give comments. Jon will comment and we'll see, if we can some of this. What is clear is what it takes to win has gotten more difficult, do I believe that the profit availability has changed dramatically? No, and then look at some of our probably highest margin and part of the business to invest, but there is SK-II in West Coast where our total beauty business is making very good progress. Our Fabric Care business globally and in the U.S. is making very good progress. And I think what it takes it's got more difficult and then I mean that should actually favor overtime companies that have tremendous technology and can differentiate through a dimensioned superiority that matters to consumers on the five elements. But I’ve got my eyes wide open that it’s going to take additional funding to make that happen and that’s why we do have to change faster. I am on the call because; one, I think the healthcare change is a meaningful positive step; and secondly, I want to be very clear it is not business as usual P&G. But it's not because anyway does it take away from the future it actually just reinforce how we’ve made the choice that we’re going to make additional changes to accelerate and get back on positive share growth, top line growth and bottom line growth. There are many things that are working very well on the Company a few are not in those, we’re not going to work that kind of that we’re growing through some tough challenges right now. But the fundamental strategy owing through some tough challenges right now with the fundamental strategy and the profit potential, I think are very much still there, just requires faster moves and we’re one of the common on this and just illustrates. We have many questions a year ago on China because we come off a very difficult time and there we did have to move in a different way than the past a number of capabilities directly in the market and what we see there is almost instant reaction from the minus five to plus one to the plus six. In the U.S., we’ve got many categories also turning. You have a dynamic in Baby Care that is very difficult and we’re addressing it. We haven’t had a dynamic a year ago and Shape Care and we’re addressing that and you will start to see the last one to three months meaningful improvements. If you got consumers coming in and you’ve got innovation that is the write down, we’ve seen consumers are willing to pay interestingly the fastest growing segment is around most parts of the world are premium, super premium, new forms and naturals. All of those till that carry very good profit margins and very good growth rates. We do have to continue to transform our portfolio to increase the percent of our business in those forms and one example that’s playing out across the world is pants and diapers, even though it’s been a difficult category I am very pleased that we’re leading a fastest growing segment the consumers around the world are choosing for their babies.
David Taylor: So let me comment on the market growth dynamics and will have David, comment on how were responding to evolving competitive realities. Market growth in the last quarter was essentially unchanged in aggregate from when we last talked last quarter. It's about 2.5% in our categories that's comprised of mid-singles and developing markets and low singles in developed markets. So, that's the status on market growth, of pricing, as I talked briefly about in my prepared remarks has also essentially unchanged versus when we last talked that is 30 basis points of additional price. But I don't think and clearly I mean I guess the retail dynamics that are recurring there is pressure on price, but where we can bring meaningful benefits superiority to market, we're seeing the ability to price. Pods or a premium priced item, these are premium priced. The Naturals elements items that we're bringing to market are premium price. So to the innovator, there continues to be a pricing opportunity.
David Taylor: I'd say there is some element of new reality there, Jason. I think that's a very valid point. And as David said, this is not business as usual, so were changing everything to adapt to that new reality, whether it's entering segments that are new segments that also carry premium prices that are going fast like the natural segment. We talked about ever-increasing levels of productivity to be able to allow us to continue to invest while holding and building margins $200 million to $300 million ahead of our going in target this year and I expect we will have a very aggressive plan next year as well. So we want to be prepared to win in a scenario where this is a continuing dynamic, but again in many parts of the world it’s a very different market reality and in those markets we need to position ourselves to win with those consumers.
David Taylor: And this also isn’t a dynamic that’s new. We’ve talked before about for example what happens when the discounter expanded in Europe and private label shares grew significantly as a percentage of the market in Europe over the last 20 years and our business has went through peace in valleys and it wasn’t an easy adjustment but we made the adjustments we needed to make and our business has performed very well in that context building share and the vast majority of our big brands and categories in Europe over that period of time. That’s no guarantee for success with the current dynamic in the U.S. We certainly don’t approach it that way but it's also a reason to believe that it can be done.
David Taylor: Well first, we will make pricing adjustments where we’re lost consumer value but that is not how we lead, that’s not our lead strategy. Our strategy is to drive consumer and actually trade consumers up and then in Baby Care the fastest growing segments are pants and premium trait. What we have to do and are doing is innovating on those platforms what has taken more time then I would want is to get a platforms in place in the cost optimize as we get winning products out. In pants, the product is winning and we’re growing share in the categories growing fast. We’ve got a large inst all business on mainline across many countries and that segment is under tremendous pressure and you are right, that part of the business is very price sensitive. And as we get more and more of our portfolio in the premium and super premium segments, we actually insulate ourselves from some of the issues that you’re talking. The same is true on Gillette as we continue to trade people up than we have stronger profitability where we were missing and what required this intervention was we were losing too many users and over the long-term that is a real problem and so we had to strengthen our innovation on all three tiers, disposables the mid-tier systems which is marked and the premium systems which is the fusion. Family, each of those have innovations in the past we only invented at the high end the risk in that as you lose users and losing users overtime was the issue that lead to the intervention that on, but on categories our pricing interventions are meant to be very competitive our strategy to win is on premium super premium superior products.
David Taylor: So, let me take this last questions and commentary there. First on is this the right time. This was a very good transition that Teva and you’re probably with the situation right now with Teva and our discussion with Teva, it was clear that the ongoing future of the JV needed change and that’s been one of the strongest parts of the business. At the same time, Merck complements what we have and strengthens what is left once we separate from Teva. It gives us a better geographic footprint. It gives us some additional therapeutic areas. They are growing in the mid to high single-digits. When you put the two together, and this transition, it gives us a stronger business in a category that’s got attractive margins and strong growth rate. It’s a positive mix for the Company. If you looked on a go forward basis, and these things happen when they happen and those opportunity and I am very pleased we got this done. I think it’s very positive for P&G shareholders in the future. And we don’t pick the timing on when all these things happen, there’s other parties involved. But when it does, you get it done, you get done it right. The second one is you have many, many questions and some comments and there just a comment on there’s always some business certainly recognize that and to our history there’s always been some businesses up and down. We have two particularly large businesses that have had particularly meaningful perks. The changes over the last couple of years show a level of breadth that indicates P&G can win across a wide range of markets and a wide range of categories. I completely accept that we must improve to aggregate P&G company top, bottom and share, cash performance has been very strong. And we are making the interventions to do that. Will we look at more significant interventions and how we’re organized in taking cost out? We’ve already addressed that. Yes, we will in ways to create the productivity savings in order to make the interventions needed. I don’t think there is a broad HPC industry can’t win or can’t generate value, I don’t buy that scenario. And I believe it’s just incumbent upon the leaders in the categories to come up in the innovation that does create value. And there’s periods you go through in a category they're difficult, and the winners are the ones that come out with fundamentals that are strong consumer preferred products. And it has to be done even more than in the past in a way where the retailer sees category growth and margin growth. And that requires again additional productivity to fund it. And what we are doing is adjusting and in some cases going to have to do a meaningful additional effort to make that happen.
David Taylor: And just back to timing on Merck, we’ve been trying to communicate this morning that we realized that we are operating in a world that is changing and we need to change with it. And we can’t in that context ignore work or complexity that we take on in order to make those changes. And one of those changes has been and will continue to be increasingly attractiveness of the footprint of the portfolio. And OTC is a very attractive space for us. This opportunity became available. We embrace the change opportunity that it represented, both the sun-setting of the JV, which has been very successful and this new opportunity. And we’ll continue across our activity system to take on necessary change to improve outcomes.
David Taylor: What I would say you know there's so much I could say about future and about M&A, the core growth will come from organic sales and profit growth within our existing portfolio. We are open as demonstrated by the announcement today, where we see an opportunity create value, especially if it causes us to play in a category that is very attractive to demographics and the structural profitability and I'd just we stay very open. I think you also said, we're looking a lot outside our ten categories. The key is to stay focused on the 10 but look for ways and they're maybe some adjacencies that leverage core capabilities of the Company and for those I would be open as well. But again, it's not a C shift to say primarily driven by growth by inorganic approaches, no but a level of openness probably that's more in the past because we finished the portfolio pruning, and now we believe each category ought to be active managers in the portfolio.
David Taylor: The category growth varies widely, it stayed strong in China it's picked up in India. The U.S. has been difficult and part of that is aggressive pricing action is taken place with some of the dynamics we talked before, between online and offline and a couple of big highly contested categories with Baby Care being the best example I can think of where many are after that consumer and have been willing to price pretty aggressively even different from what we may sell to them. And that kind of goes up and down. I do believe in most markets around the world we're seeing actually stable to anything slightly improving and that's because of the progress in India has been a big plus. A couple markets and Jon mentioned one earlier that has been a real challenge, markets like Saudi, it contracted a great deal and that's by a choice by the government to focus on the Saudization and the diversification of the economy and we've seen that hit both Saudi and it's had the impact on the Gulf states. And there's always been volatility in Africa, but if a look at Europe, stable, if anything slightly improving. The U.S. in terms of volume is stable and in some categories improving. Pricing is difficult right now. And Brazil, the outlook by most would be improving in the future, difficult the last few years coming out of two years of a severe recession. Mexico is stable and pretty solid. And who knows, I think Russia is impacted pretty heavily by some external events that are going on right now. But I don’t see a weakening of the global consumer demand, if anything probably just sequentially a modest improvement outside of the U.S. and stably in U.S.
David Taylor: The entrant that is going through a novel and is right, already present, when they first came was coincident or actually right before, we took the pricing action. And the issue was we were not serving consumers in the below $10 price range. We didn’t have what we needed at the $799 to $999 price point, so then came into one of the large U.S. retailers and it did have an impact. Post the intervention we’ve made as we said our volume has picked up. Though we enter this next phase, while it still will be a challenge, we have the portfolio now where we have key price points covered. We have got innovation going in across disposables to mid tiers to bring in systems and we are in a much better place to compete. And we are also taking aggressive defensive actions to make sure that we communicate with our consumers. In fact the volume is improving is a positive sign. The fact that even the past one in three month value shares have improved is positive. We will have another challenge when they first enter and -- but we’re in a very different competitive place in grooming and our eyes are wide open this time to make sure we defend our business aggressively. The same is true on some of the online entrants in Europe. This time we are going to defend our business and work to keep our consumers and certainly attract consumers that are interested in online experiences. We recognize that competitive environment will continue to be challenging, all that just means acceleration, make changes that are needed and if what you’re doing doesn’t work, be open to new ideas and we are.
David Taylor: I think there is a good set of data if you in Gillette specifically, if the consumers enter Gillette, I'll call it that their portfolio ladder has been lot of evidenced that they experience better and what they were using before at whatever price here and then we can expose them to the next level up in performance and consumers move up. And so what was problematic was if you're losing too many new consumers, certainly a time where there is some societal trends around the frequency of shaving. You put those two together and said we're not going to sit by and watch the significant portion of new users, more millennial consumers not been exposed to Gillette and get on habits that one don’t given the best consumer experience and secondly would compromise the brand. So their maybe interventions it did bring the volume back and again we've got a lot of evidenced overtime and you think about almost any category you get in, if you are pleased with the performance of the product when you enter you opening to ideas from that ideas and products from that brand. It is to be a losing strategy to have a smaller and smaller group of consumers playing more and more and believe that will continue and grow your business at acceptable rate. And that's why we want to play in the premium and super premium, but we also have an appropriate entry in most of our categories to bring consumers in and then given the delightful experiences that they are happy to pay more. And that's true and than in the 8 of the 10 categories working. It's also why we start early in with pampers with great products, but we also have Loves or mid-tier as we want to be present to bring consumers in, but then once they are into anyone of our brand franchises have a meaningfully better experience, and give them the choice as the world is trading up and we have a lot of average overtime, a lot of categories that they will, but you have to be price competitive at the point the consumer invest in the category.
David Taylor: I don’t think there is a fundamental difference in the consumers valuing from seeing private-label different and I think private label has improve their quality, and I think we have to maintain the level of advantage and justify as the price premium and it is simple as that. When we do that and do that well and we got all kinds of examples. We're able to earn the consumer's trust and the additional cost is actually a good value for them. I expect the private-label manufacturers will continue to and what they generally do is look what the large manufactures are doing or the branded players and they will add new features and we need to be innovative in bringing new ideas and meaningfully better performance. It is so fundamental to why the strategy of meaningful superiority has to be implemented. In the categories where we've done that we're seeing just what you want to see and we want to see. The top line growth that grow share, bottom line growth that creates value in higher single digits, we've got a few where that isn't the case and if you have a very long and that has weighted down the Company, but when achieved the strategy works. The challenge is to achieve it more consistently, in more brands, across more countries. And while we have those, we have a few big rocks still to move and we've been very open about what those are and we're willing to take additional actions and we will take additional actions to make sure we have the funding and the capability to make that happen.
