Jon Moeller: Thanks, Bob. I'll close with guidance for the current fiscal year and quarter. We expect fiscal 2011 organic sales growth to accelerate with organic sales up 4% to 6%. This is based on estimates of global market growth in the range of 3% to 4%. Our market growth outlook assumes developed markets continue to grow at about 1% to 2%, and developing markets grow at about 6% to 8%. Included in our guidance is the expectation that mix will continue to have a negative impact on sales growth as developing markets continue to grow 3 to 4x faster than developed markets. Also included is an expectation that pricing will be neutral to slightly positive for fiscal 2011. Pricing will likely still be negative in the first half of the year and turn positive in the second half as we annualize many of the strategic adjustments we made last fall. We are largely on pricing strategy on our key brands and in our key markets, but we continue to monitor our price gaps versus competition. Foreign exchange-related pricing will likely be positive due to Venezuela, and we expect modest changes in promotional spending. Based on this, we expect all-in sales growth of 2% to 4%. This includes roughly a 3% negative impact from foreign exchange rates and a 1% benefit from the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures. We expect core earnings per share growth to accelerate to a plus 7% to 9%. This translates to fiscal year 2011 earnings per share in the range of $3.91 to $4.01 compared to prior-year core EPS of $3.67. This guidance assumes current spot rates for foreign exchange. It also assumes we're able to continue to source sufficient dollars to fully support our operations in Venezuela. We expect to deliver free cash flow productivity of at least 90%, and are planning to repurchase between $6 billion and $8 billion of stock in fiscal 2011. Turning to quarterly guidance. Our quarter-to-quarter earnings growth will be heavily influenced by the base period trends, including marketing spending, commodity costs and foreign exchange rates. As a result, first half earnings per share growth rates will be lower than growth rates in the back half, the opposite of last fiscal year. For the September quarter, we expect organic sales growth of 3% to 5%, reflecting continued strong volume momentum, partially offset by mix, and to a lesser degree, pricing. All-in sales are expected to be up 1% to 3%. This includes a 3% negative impact to net sales from foreign exchange and a 1% positive impact from the net of acquisition and divestiture activity. Earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.97 to $1.01 per share, in line to up 4% versus prior-year quarter earnings per share of $0.97. As I mentioned, higher year-on-year marketing spending and commodity costs are two of the main factors affecting core earnings per share growth in the September quarter. Compared to prior year, all-in GAAP EPS of $1.06 earnings per share will be lower by 5% to 8%, reflecting the pharmaceutical divestiture gain in the base period. In closing, we are pleased with the progress we are making and excited by both the trend of the business and the opportunities that lay ahead of us this year. Bob, Teri and I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Jon Moeller: Sure, Nik. As you know, gross margin was up about 50 basis points. Within that, there's about 200 basis point improvement in savings, which is consistent with what we have been showing in recent quarters. And there's also volume leverage on top of that savings number. So all-in, that benefit, let's call it, roughly, 300 basis points. And then offsetting that is the combination of mix and price which is about 200 basis points and commodity costs which are up year-on-year at about 50 basis points. I'm sure I got one of those numbers not exactly correct, but directionally, those are the trends that are affecting the gross margin and allowing us to improve it going this quarter. And I expect further gross margin improvement in the next fiscal year.
Jon Moeller: Sure. Let me try to answer two questions there. One, explain the sequential improvement in organic sales growth rate year-to-year, as well as address your question on the quarterly trends within next fiscal year. As we've said several times during the call, we're really seeing some pretty strong momentum in our business. Volume, we talked about growing sequentially from minus 2% in Q1 to plus 8% in Q4. We're seeing, if you look at share growth trends, sequentially, 12-, six-, three-, one-month improvements in, literally, every one of our regions. So that gives us a significant amount of confidence going forward that we're going to continue to grow. And then when you layer innovation on top of that, and as Bob said, most of our big innovations launched at the end of the year, we'll be leveraging them for the full year next year. So they will benefit 2011 to a greater extent than they even benefited 2010. And as you indicated, we'll start annualizing some of the price decreases that we took earlier this fiscal year, and as well the divergence in growth rates between the developing markets and the developed markets, we'll annualize as well. If I just give you some perspective there, if you look at the difference between developing market and developed market growth rates, Q1 of last year, developing markets grew one point faster than developed markets. Q2, it was even. Q3, it was five points ahead. Q4, it was seven points ahead. That's what's driven the increase in the negative mix. That should annualize as we go through next year. So that and the pricing annualization are the primary factors for why organic volume growth will accelerate sequentially quarter-on-quarter as we go through the year. So hopefully, that answers your question, John. And obviously, we'd be happy to provide any more detail after the call.
Jon Moeller: And on core EPS, yes, we're guiding to 7% to 9% growth on core EPS. There is an element of an FX headwind, which we're overcoming. We're overcoming that through a combination of factors. One, hopefully, continued significant volume leverage. Also, as I mentioned in response to Nik, we continue to expect gross margin to improve savings and productivity offset the impact of higher commodity costs. And remember, we spent $1.2 billion the past two years in restructuring costs, and we do that to earn in return. So those savings as well should enable us to move forward with the program, which continues to invest significantly behind our innovation and our strategy while delivering this kind of core EPS progress despite the small FX and commodity headwinds.
Jon Moeller: I would say that the market growth center is more closely on three than it does four, just based on what we're seeing today. So it's still slightly below kind of history which tended more towards 4%, but it's certainly getting better. As we indicated in our prepared remarks, we see growth continuing to be disproportionate developing market, driven with only one to two points of growth in the developed world which is lower than we've seen historically.
Jon Moeller: The first, the follow-on question, on the divergence of growth rates in the developing markets and developed market, that is a function of both of the items that you mentioned, which is further divergence of actual market growth rates as well as a reflection of our portfolio expansion program, and therefore, our share growth in those markets. So it's both. In terms of advertising, year-on-year, advertising spending was up $1 billion. We've talked about how that was back-half loaded. In the fourth quarter, advertising expenditures drove a 400 basis point increase in SG&A, which explains essentially all of the operating margin, the difference between gross and operating margin. And put simply, we would have been crazy to do anything else. I mean, if you look at the strength of the innovation program that was coming to market, we've literally took every resource available to us and put it behind those innovations because we believe so strongly in them.
Jon Moeller: In terms of the commodity and FX benefits that we had last year, which certainly was part of our going-in construct in terms of how we were going to fund innovation. We ultimately saw, between those items, a little less than $1 billion of year-to-year help. And your question on Oral Care, I'll let Bob answer.
Jon Moeller: In terms of tax rate, first, yes, we would expect next year's tax rate to be the same as this year's, which is somewhere between 27% and 28%, excluding any big onetime items. On advertising, you're right, we'll be holding promotion relatively steady year-to-year. We'll be increasing advertising, doing that in line with sales, so the percentage should stay about the same.
Jon Moeller: And I'll just add one more thing. We continue to work to coordinate activities, innovation and marketing, as was the case with the Olympic campaign across our businesses. And that yields both gains in efficiency, and as Bob said, gains in effectiveness. So we're very comfortable headed into next year in terms of both the level and the quality of the support that we have against the business.
Jon Moeller: On the other income, really the year-to-year changes is just a reflection of a difference in the presence of small divestiture gains. We had none of those this quarter, and that's really all of the difference.
Jon Moeller: Well, not to focus on four-week Nielsen data but you'll see a lot of choppiness in that data that's really driven by promotion cycle as much as it is anything. If you look at the last three months and what we're seeing in July, we continue to be very happy with our progress, both on the sales and a share basis for Pampers.
Jon Moeller: First on the payables, as we mentioned, we significantly accelerated our advertising spending as we went through the year, which resulted in a higher payables balance at the end of the year. You'll recall that some of our big innovations were launched in the month of June, which is driving that.
Jon Moeller: Our operating margins by definition are lumpy or choppy by quarter. We expect to have continued operating margin expansion. We expanded operating margins on the full fiscal year basis; we'll do that again next year. So we don't really look at it, frankly, on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Jon Moeller: Well, we will continue to continually restructure our business. We feel it's a part of how to do business in this industry. So next year, we'll continue to invest in restructuring. We're planning about $400 million of investment again next year. Much of that is focused on productivity and simplification initiatives with the objective, as Bob described in his remarks, of creating a faster, more agile operation and we'll continue doing that.
Jon Moeller: The first point I would offer is in terms of confidence for next year, it goes back to what Bob was just describing. It's just an incredible momentum that exists across the business that we fully expect to continue. And that's what gives us confidence in the top-line guidance. From the bottom-line standpoint, I mean, first of all, we overdelivered on a fiscal year basis, our core earnings per share growth last year, so the notion that we're somehow providing irresponsible guidance certainly doesn't resonate here. We delivered the quarter right in line with our anticipated guidance range. We wouldn't be providing guidance of 7% to 9% next year if we weren't comfortable in it. We are. One way to think about it simply is organic sales growth of 4% to 6%, take a midpoint of 5%, bring that down to the bottom line, add two to three points of benefit from share repurchase, which we're talking about at $6 billion to $8 billion and you're home. I think it should be deliverable.
Jon Moeller: There are two things going. First of all, it's price mix. We made several price corrections in North America on things like batteries, on things like detergents, on things like paper towels, earlier in the fiscal year and those continued to impact until they annualized the price mix line. We also continue to see significant growth on our, for instance, our Basics offering, our Bounty Basics, Charmin Basic and some of the other items that we've tried to make available for consumers who are seeking a better price.
Jon Moeller: I would just add to your list of horizontal portfolio expansions and adjacencies last year. You mentioned Stain Release, there was also the Bounce Dryer Bar, Gillette ProSeries; in several countries Olay Skin Care for Men in China. I talked next year about expanding gain into the Dish Care segment, and we talked about Crest 3D White, which is really a horizontal expansion into the scene between Beauty and Health. So I don't want you to get the impression that it's a one-trick pony here.
Jon Moeller: Vic, your question on the tax rate as the quarter progressed, I think you have it almost exactly right. We started to see these benefits as we went through the quarter, both as a result of favorable audit settlements, as a result of geography mix. And we reinvested that money in support of growth behind our big initiatives. So that's exactly what occurred.
Jon Moeller: As Bob said towards the close of his remarks, we need to take more cost out, because there's more investment we want to put in to further our purpose or strategy and our financial objectives. So if anything, the level of intentionality on cost savings continues to increase as we go forward. We don't constrain funding for cost savings to any level. If we have a good project, we'll fund it. That's why our restructuring spending varies from year-to-year, and it's a very fluid process and we're constantly identifying new opportunities, evaluating them, and if they're smart, funding them.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, everybody, for participating in our call this morning. We're available the balance of the day and any other time you need us to provide additional perspective. And I hope you have a good day.
Robert McDonald: John, further color on that is the fact that many of our initiatives, as we talked about, are doing better than we expected and are somewhat capacity constrained. We're adding capacity as we speak. We've got one of our most aggressive-ever capacity-adding programs going in place. They have roughly 20 plants under construction, five on the drawing board, five getting ready to start up. And we're adding all of that capacity and still keeping our capital spending roughly 4% or less of sales. So the growth is good, it's strong, it's accelerating, and we're adding capacity.
Robert McDonald: Lauren, we're very bullish on our Fabric Care business. We are the leading company in the world. We have been growing share over an extended period of time. Many competitors have chosen to exit that business, if I step way back. When I joined the company in 1980, we competed with Unilever and Colgate in the United States. They are no longer in the business, and we're continuing to grow market share. And in that business, market share and margin correlate. So I feel very comfortable with the margins and the increasing margins in that business as we grow market share around the world.
Robert McDonald: Well, as we talked, Bill, we're certainly seeing greater strength in developing markets and developed markets. Our organic volume growth in developing markets was 12% above year ago, which is an outstanding result given the global economic recession. In developed markets, our volume growth was 5%. That was comprised with pretty even growth between North America and Western Europe, both up about 5% and 4%, respectively, North America, Western Europe. In Japan, we grew 11%. We talked about some of our new innovations in Japan. So in a market that's been in an economic funk for nearly 20 years, we grew volume 11%. The developing world, greater China was about double digits; Central & Eastern Europe/Middle East/Africa, high double-digits; Latin America, high single-digits; and the ASEAN region with Korea, high double-digits. So the kind of growth we're seeing is obviously with stronger growth in developing markets and developed markets. And where we innovate, and we innovate well, we're able to grow.
Robert McDonald: And when I answered Bill's question, I was talking about, in a sense, our volume growth rates by geography. And what I should have also mentioned was it's important to remember that from a value standpoint, North America and Western Europe were basically up one point in Q4. So we're obviously growing share in those geographies when we're shipping at 4% and 5%, and the market's only growing up 1%. Japan was down 1%. And obviously, with volume growth rate up 11%, we're growing share there. So our share growth is strong behind our innovation. But the market growth rates, particularly in value terms in developed markets, are virtually flat.
Robert McDonald: And Wendy, having said what we said about the increased spending in Q4, for the year, advertising spending was roughly 10%, 11% of sales, which is, historically, what we generally do. Of course that's because we are growing the top line at the same time.
Robert McDonald: Joe, the Oral Care Oral-B paste launch in Brazil is going really well. We are near full distribution now. Shipments are ahead of expectation. We continue to see distribution ahead of target after only about one year in market. Although remember, we just started the full distribution in January. We're growing value share in all channels where we compete and value shares in certain lead accounts so as high as 10% to 20%. Manual brush shares have grown since the launch. We've retaken and continue to hold share leadership versus Colgate, and we have a 1.6 value share advantage over Colgate.
Robert McDonald: I want to also remind everyone that the quality of the advertising is also important. And as you look at, for example, Smell Like a Man, Man, which won a Grand Prix Lion at Cannes, when you look at, for example, creating shows like "Secrets of the Mountain" or "The Jensen Project" where we know that advertising that airs in family-friendly programming is more effective than that, that doesn't. When you look at our shift from TV and traditional forms of media to other forms of media, we're not only talking about the spending level, but we're talking about a significantly increased effectiveness of the advertising. All you have to do is look, for example, at our ad called "You'll Never Walk Alone" which supported the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and generated 6 billion impressions that we didn't pay for to see how effective that money is being spent.
Robert McDonald: I'm very excited about the changes that Wal-Mart, Ed. We see Wal-Mart under the leadership of Bill Simon in the U.S. getting back to the traditional way that Wal-Mart has grown their business. We have, as you can imagine, a very strong partnership with Wal-Mart like we want to have with all of our retail customers as evidenced by our coproduction of the movies, The Jensen Project and Secrets of the Mountain. We know that Bill Simon has the complete trust of the leadership of the Walton family and of the leadership of Wal-Mart. And we see him doing things to make changes to things like Project Impact and the Clean Aisles to make sure that Wal-Mart gets its top line growth growing and attracts more shoppers. And we have a very strong partnership, we're working hard against aggressive growth targets, and we're very excited about -- and see the changes as very positive. One thing I want to add, just to clear up any misconception is some of the historically low prices that you have seen from Wal-Mart in Tabs and elsewhere have not necessarily been supported by spending by Procter & Gamble. Oftentimes, our retail partners decide to invest their own money in merchandising our brands in order to attract traffic. It's a very common procedure in the industry to use leadership brands like ours to attract traffic. But we're very excited about Bill Simon's leadership of U.S. Wal-Mart. International Wal-Mart is doing extremely well under Doug McMillan, and we're partnering with Doug and his team. And Sam's Club is also doing well under Brian Cornell, and we're partnering very well with Brian and his team.
Robert McDonald: On the advertising, Bill, basically, any of the new brands we launch, we raise the level of marketing spending in order to achieve certain awareness and trial objectives. I think perhaps the reason you saw a disproportionate increase in ProGlide is that you're the target audience. So I hope you went out and bought the razor and are using it.
Robert McDonald: Jason, as we said in our remarks, we've had successful growth both on the high end of our portfolio and in the middle and lower tiers of our portfolio. So we kind of see in developed markets, we see a bifurcation where our new initiatives like ProGlide and others that are premium priced continue to do very well, and I would say, they appeal to the people with jobs. At the same time, we also see, and we talked about this and the reduction from our volume growth rate to our sales growth rate, we see a mixed effect as consumers without jobs or in challenging positions trade down. And they may trade channels. They may go to a channel where they think they can find a more competitive offer. And so that trading down is an impact. I, frankly, expect that to continue, and that's why it's important for us to innovate all along our vertical portfolio, both at the high end, the middle end and the low end. And that's why we talked about it so thoroughly in my comments is that we've got to appeal to all consumers. I think the economic recovery in the United States will be uneven. I think we're seeing that already. We don't expect a double-dip recession like you don't, but we've got to keep innovating and keep growing at all areas of our vertical portfolio.
Robert McDonald: I'm very excited about our Pampers business, Doug. If you look, Pampers Dry Max is the biggest innovation since we launched Pampers. It's now only a very small part of the brand. We're going to be expanding it across the whole brand, and I think some of the changes we've talked about on this call in the retail environment, you'll see playing out in the marketplace that will strengthen the Pampers brand.
Robert McDonald: I've been working on the compaction of powder Laundry detergents in the United States since I joined the company in 1980. Basically, in the beginning, we started by taking out fillers. There are certain things in a powder laundry detergent that are required in order to process the product through the manufacturing cycle. And as we've invented newer and better technologies, we've been able to compact. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're planning a 33% compaction, which is well will be a formula upgrade. Meaning, we've been able to improve the ingredients in the detergent, which has allowed us to remove some of the process fillers and other things. This compaction, like other compactions, benefits everybody because it means the product requires less shelf space per load, less transportation cost per load. And of course, everyone in the supply chain saves money, and the consumer saves based on the space they save at home, and of course, they get a better product. And so there's going to be 33% less corrugate, 6,000 fewer trucks, and we're going to save about 900,000 gallons of diesel fuel. So compaction is always a good thing and something that we want to do because it improves life for everyone. In terms of Excel Gel, Excel Gel is designed for the kinds of washing machines that exist in Europe, which are horizontal-axis washing machines. We always are working on improving our technology for U.S. machines, but it would require a different formulation in the U.S. And you can rest assured we're working on that. Similarly, gel, as a form, is a form of compaction. So it's also good for consumers, good for retailers and good for us. So stay tuned, please.
Robert McDonald: Relative, Caroline, to optimism or pessimism, I'm very optimistic on our business. Our results in fiscal 2010, we're ahead of our original expectations, and I'm really happy with the trend of the business. Our fourth quarter unit volume grew 8%, the highest growth rate in nearly six years. Volume grew in every business segment, every region, every key country. We also built market share. We're growing market share now in about 60% of our business versus half of that a year ago. All regions held or grew share, which is the first time in 11 quarters that happened. We overdelivered our going-in fiscal year core EPS growth objectives, and we generated $14 billion in free cash flow. And the payables line as one of the reasons why. We increased our dividends for the 54th consecutive year and repurchased $6 billion in P&G stock, returning more than 100% of our earnings to shareholders. So I can't be anything but optimistic realizing that these growth trends will continue.
Robert McDonald: The hardest thing to do, Ali, I think,, is to run a business where you're delivering balanced top-line and bottom-line growth and growing market share at the same time. I think the fact that we're growing market share in 60% of our business, and that growth rate is accelerating, is proof positive that this business is strong and growing. At the same time, we have the strongest innovation program we ever had, and we're operating more as one company than ever before. And I think you can see the impact of our program in the marketplace.
Robert McDonald: Linda, Bob. It depends how you count innovation as to whether or not they're greater. As Jon said, remember that we launched the big innovations this past fiscal year in the fourth quarter. As a result, we only have a few weeks, frankly, of impact so far of things like the new Pantene, Fusion ProGlide and so forth. So the full year effect will be next year. So if you measure in terms of full year effect, certainly, next year's program will be stronger than this year's because of the carryover impact, if nothing else, in addition to the new items we're launching. The biggest opportunity we have is to get all of our categories into all of our countries around the world. We have about 36 product categories, and we're in all of those categories in the United States where we've been for 172 years. But in countries like China, where we lead, we're in just over a dozen, probably about 16 categories in China. So we have work to do to adapt those categories for the Chinese market, but that's a huge part of our white space activity. That's why you see us rolling out things like Oral Care around the world. That's why we did the Ambi Pur acquisition. That's why we've rolled out Olay, our leading skin moisturizer, to about 15 new countries in the last year. So we've got a lot of work to do to simply get the categories we're currently in into all markets. At the same time, we're working to develop new categories such as Swiffer, such as the ones you've mentioned. And I can't give you too much perspective on those since we would rather surprise the competition rather than let you know about them in advance.
Robert McDonald: Crest 3D White is an interesting one because we are in the Beauty business, unlike some of our competitors. And to the degree that our Oral Care consumers, who are beauty conscious, we have an opportunity to take our knowledge from Beauty Care and use it in Health Care in order to meet that increasing need.
Robert McDonald: Victoria, as we compare year-on-year, you would see a higher level of advertising in Q4. If you remember, Q4 a year ago, our top line actually declined. We lost market share, and we said we weren't proud of that. In fact, when we announced the earnings, that was where we said we're drawing the line or we're going to stop losing market share. We're going to grow market share profitably. So if you index our advertising in Q4 versus a year ago, you would see dramatic increase since we cut advertising in Q4 a year ago in order to deliver the profit results we delivered. So you would see higher levels of advertising on established brands, and that's the reason we're growing market share on 60% of our business today as we're supporting it with advertising versus year ago.
Robert McDonald: I would say, Mark, we have our strongest cost savings program that we've ever had during my career with Procter & Gamble, last 30 years. I talked about it in my prepared remarks. We're trying to simplify our operation. We're reducing levels from seven to five to the CEO. We're reducing the number of ineffective product initiatives. We're reducing the number of SKUs. We're making the ideas that we have larger, so that we're spending behind larger ideas. Simplifying the operation, all the way down to simplifying the raw materials, is a big idea. The other big idea that we're working on is the digitization of the company, and I talked about the potential productivity improvement of that. Many of our new products today, we designed using simulation and modeling versus bench scale kind of prototyping that we did years ago. That gives us a much faster cycle and innovation. It also leads to a much more productive spend. I mean, I know we talked about the fact that we spent about $2 billion a year on R&D. But we didn't talk about the fact that, that $2 billion is much more productive because of our open-innovation system with outside partners and also because we're using modeling and simulation and digitization a lot more than ever before.
Robert McDonald: I think the market share progress that we're on is sustainable. I think it is sustainable because of our strong innovation program and our strong go-to-market activity. Remember as we bring these innovations to market, at the same time, we're working to increase the distribution of our product. For example, right now, we're working with the Chinese government in something called Ten Thousand Villages where we expand the distribution of our products in the rural areas of China to reach more Chinese consumers and to create economies where economies never existed. And as we do that, that obviously creates more people to use our products and helps us get to the 5 billion consumers that we've targeted over the next five years, four years now that we have remaining. That's how we reached the 200 million extra more consumers this fiscal year. So we're going to continue that. And I do think the market share gains are sustainable.
