Jon R. Moeller: Yes, I mean, first, we will prioritize the management of cost in ways that are sustainable and enduring. And we do that by reducing -- by improving productivity and reducing overall cost so that we can absorb these cost increases. If we can do that successfully, that stays with us forever. A hedge only benefits us for the duration of the instrument. And as soon as the instrument expires, we're back to the same problem. So we need to be operating the business in a way that overcomes those costs. We're doing that 2 ways. One is through pricing, as you've mentioned. Our levels of pricing aren't that different, at least on a global basis from the reports that I've seen over the last week. I think Unilever talked about 4.7 points of benefit from pricing. I think Colgate talked about 3 unchanged benefits from pricing. KC talked about 3 points of pricing. So we're in the same ballpark as far as that. I know I'm not opposed to any hedging. And when it's appropriate and cost-effective, it's something that we'll do. But I'm very focused more so on long-term sustainable solutions.
Jon R. Moeller: In terms of disruption, I mean, so far, I don’t see it as being terribly disruptive. I mean, we delivered within our guidance range in both the top and bottom line, maybe not at levels that people would like but at levels that we were planning. And so in terms of being able to execute our plans, I don't see a conflict.
Jon R. Moeller: So first, in terms of cost. We've put -- we will have put $3.5 billion of pricing into the market this year. The rollbacks and promotion increases that I referred to earlier are about -- or between $100 million and $200 million of that $3.5 billion. So it is additional investment back in the business that otherwise could have come to the bottom line. But it's not significant in the grand scheme of things. The more significant thing is the $3.5 billion in pricing. And I think relative to the cost of doing business, there are 2 dynamics that are occurring, maybe 3. The first is, again, generally, prices are going up, which is a positive thing. And that's true across our competitive set. That's true across markets. Having said that, the dynamic that you point to, which is slow developed market growth rates leading to a need if the companies want to grow to build share, how does that manifest itself in the marketplace. It's manifested itself primarily in a good way, which is innovation-based competition. We see a growing number of new product launches, for example, on the part of many of our competitors. We do need to respond to those launches. And so that does temporarily increase the cost of doing business. But long term, innovation is good for markets. It's healthy for markets and particularly, some of the innovation at the premium end that we're seeing. So in terms of going forward, how much cost savings will we have to reinvest, that's something we're going to have to look at every day and every week. But I still expect us to be able to deliver our long-term earnings per share growth rates net of that investment.
Jon R. Moeller: And in terms of being able to do that, both in developed and developing markets, and having the financial flexibility to make those investments while delivering earnings per share expectations is exactly the motivation behind the $10 billion productivity improvement program. We realize that the equation doesn't square currently, and that's the game changer that should allow us to get there. That's in its infancy. As you know, we talked about it for the first time a couple of months ago, but we feel very good about the progress on that and are committed to it for exactly the reason that you described.
Jon R. Moeller: So first of all, on this question of should we just use the recent past as a more indicative indicator of the future, doing that would ignore, I think, some very important things. One is that will require an assumption of ongoing commodity cost increases of $1.8 billion a year. And that's not what we're assuming. We're assuming much more modest increases based on current market spot rates. It would ignore the $3.5 billion of pricing that we've put into the market that we'll get the full year benefit for next year. Those are 2. And that would ignore also the intervention we're making on productivity and cost savings. So those 3 things definitively change, going forward, much more -- not completely but much more benign commodity environment, the benefit of the pricing and the benefit of the productivity savings. And that's what gives as confidence that we will grow operating profit and earnings per share. You're starting to see some evidence of that in operating profit even in the last quarter albeit minor. We're talking about mid single to double digit operating profit growth in the fourth quarter. Those same 3 drivers are what will deliver that. And we're still in the planning process for next year, but our targets, obviously, are to get back where we need to be.
Jon R. Moeller: And on the housekeeping question, Ali, we went out of our way at CAGNY to point out -- to point to the fact that this could potentially be an issue. We had no way to dimensionalize it because we didn't have the legislation in our hands. It's different for different companies because the price reductions that are mandated by the legislation are different by category. It's also different for different companies based on how they are choosing to respond to the new regulation. We took the course of action, right or wrong, as soon as the regulation was published to comply. Others may make different choices. And it's not hugely significant for us, but we thought it was important to point out just on the basis of ensuring everybody had the same information and on the basis of transparency.
Jon R. Moeller: And I think, for the question of are there meaningful set of consumers that are responsive to the premium Tier innovation, there continues to be a strong response. Some of our best innovation, as measured by sales, have been in the premium tier, whether that's Tide PODS, albeit it's still early there, but Fusion ProGlide, Crest 3D White. And so we're not seeing an absence of consumer interest in premium innovation.
Jon R. Moeller: Well, first, on the marketing point, I'm not recognizing that point. We didn't decrease marketing spending in the quarter we just completed. So I'm not quite sure where that reference comes from, but I'd be happy to follow up. If there was a reduction, it was very minor, but there was no step change, for sure. And on the pricing point, I mean, quite frankly, I've talked about $3.5 billion of pricing offsetting $3.5 billion of commodity cost increases. I think if we can make it work, staying with that is a much better option than reversing all of that because it's much more pricing flexibility. As I mentioned earlier, we really don't, except in a few cases, see ourselves out of step with the balance of competition as it relates to the amount of pricing that's going into the market. And -- but again, where we lose significant share as a result of that, we will take action, as we have done.
Jon R. Moeller: I think that's our last question. I want to apologize because there were a couple or parts of questions that we didn't get to, either as a new caller got brought online or as we just didn't make it there. I want to be able to answer all of your questions, and so please don't hesitate to follow up with us and we'll do that. My apologies on a couple of those.
Robert A. McDonald: Lauren, this is Bob. I think also it's important to note that the -- we're trying to change the culture of the Procter & Gamble Company to be much more focused on productivity improvement on a going basis. Even though we've talked about a productivity program, which is on track by the way, this is something that we're going to all be focused on going forward. So as we continue to grow, we create a company which is fit to win over the long term despite growing size. And that's a change for our company relative to our historic past, where we have tended to take big one-time restructurings. We want to continue to improve the productivity of the company going forward.
Robert A. McDonald: Chris, we see the root cause in really 2 ways, and I think Jon mentioned it in his remarks. Number one is the pricing disparities, and we talked about the 6 category/country combinations. Of the 6, 4 are in the United States and that's where the majority of the share loss was. We think we've corrected those. We're not going to allow competition to buy our share with incremental promotion or by not following price increases. The second cause, which also Jon alluded to, was in some spots, our innovation has been inadequate. This is particularly true in the Beauty category and particularly in North America. We've had some great innovations. Jon talked about the facial hair removal innovation on Olay. But the base brand needs innovation. And that's what we're focused on now. Jon talked about other innovations on Pantene, Ice Shine as being an example. Again, Ice Shine is doing very well, but the base brand needs better innovation. So we're working on bringing those innovations to market, particularly in the Beauty Care area. And I think that will alleviate the second cause.
Robert A. McDonald: Nik, as we -- as I alluded to in my comments, we really see productivity improvement as part of our work, not as a one-time event, an episodic event. If we're going to continue to grow as a company, we think that we've got to deliberately work to improve the productivity of the company so that we can operate with the agility and the flexibility of a much smaller company, called a $10 billion company. And as a result of that, we have gone through the organization. We've looked at the way we work. We're changing the way we work. And with the changes in the way we work, we're also changing the organization structure. You've seen some of that already. We have half the number of vice chairmen, for example, that we had before. We have fewer vice presidents than we had before. But the change in the work is really necessary in order to have that agility and speed of a much smaller company. At the same time, we're very deliberate and clear on what the strategy is. You've seen some of that work about how we're going to get more categories into more countries, about how we're going to get a vertical price tier of brands and products in each category, which in many ways is an antidote to a recession type of economy. And we're working hard on that, as well as working hard on an innovation program to support all of that.
Robert A. McDonald: The feedback we get from employees in our organization survey that we run every year is they actually welcome this, that they feel like they have too many touch points. And so the feedback we're getting from employees is very positive. And remember, we're talking about an impact on 10% of our employees, not a higher percentage.
Robert A. McDonald: Yes, sure. Bill, as you mentioned, we also received, obviously, the Kantar PoweRanking. And as you also mentioned, we did maintain our overall leadership position, as well as our leadership positions in most of the categories. We really value our work and our strong partnerships, and they often act as a catalyst to drive improvement across our competitive set. And while we're being recognized for our leadership in the rankings, we're certainly not complacent. We've taken all of the country/category combinations from the Kantar PoweRanking, we've put together action plans to improve them, and we're looking to improve them with our joint value creation plans with customers. I also would draw your attention to the Advantage Rankings, which have come out recently and, again, showed us well in the lead, showed us in the lead across all categories. But again, we're going through it in a very granular way, looking at countries where we're not doing as well and trying to improve those metrics. We had some customer service opportunities that came out, and we're working hard to improve those.
Robert A. McDonald: Wendy, let me be clear. It is my fault. I am the CEO of the company. I do take responsibility. I do take accountability. And every manager in the Procter & Gamble Company that was on the call would say the same thing. We do hold people accountable for results, and I take accountability for the results. We are working to improve this company over the long term. We've talked about the headwinds we're facing. We've talked about the steps we're taking. We will deliver. This is a company that has delivered over 175 years, and we will continue to deliver. And we will get the right leaders in place to deliver. And we'll put the right programs in place to deliver. We will do it. And I personally don't think that this restructuring program will get in the way of doing that. In fact, if anything, I think it will enable it.
Robert A. McDonald: My experience has been that if you're not growing market share, you're declining. And if you're declining, you're not too distant in the future going to go out of business. So I think in any business, we always try to grow market share. In fact, our goal is to grow our top line 1 to 2 points above the market. And we should be able to do that. We should develop the ideas and the innovations that enable thus to do that. And a 1 percentage point growth in North America or Western Europe is, as you would guess, a multiple percentage point growth required in developing markets. So these are still incredibly important markets to us. And that's why we're reacting to the price differentials that we see in the 6 category/country combinations that Jon mentioned.
Robert A. McDonald: I mean, when I answered the question earlier, I said that there were 2 issues. One was pricing and one was innovation. And we're working on both of them. And when I talked about Beauty, I talked about the innovation program which we've been -- which we're working on, and we're bringing further innovations to market. Again, I believe that we can grow market share particularly behind innovation, which is our lifeblood. And I believe we can grow the top and the bottom line at the same time. As Jon mentioned, the productivity program is an enabler to do that.
Robert A. McDonald: Joe, we have seen a deceleration in category growth in the United States since January, and that has shown up in the share reports and the other reports that we get. I think what's happening is, obviously, you've got a higher fuel price, you've got other macroeconomic headwinds, like housing and other things. I mean, you read about these as well as I do. But again, a reduction in growth in the markets is not an excuse for us not to be able to grow above the markets. Our goal is to grow 1 to 2 points above market growth. And that's what we're planning to do.
Robert A. McDonald: Ali, your -- the examples you mentioned were primarily in Beauty Care. And as I said, we're unhappy with our innovation program in Beauty Care and we have work to do. Obviously, we've underperformed in Beauty Care for some time now. We've worked to improve the innovation program. It does take some time, but I think you'll see sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter as we go forward in Beauty Care. We have reviewed this within the company and within the leadership of the company, and we're working hard on doing that. If you look outside the United States because primarily, a lot of the result -- a lot of the problems we have are in the United States, there are points of light, and Jon covered those in his prepared remarks. Nevertheless, we've got to improve the innovation program in Beauty Care and primarily in the United States.
Robert A. McDonald: There were 6 where we felt we needed to go back and take corrective action, and those were the 6 that Jon talked about. The promotion levels of competition in the blades and razors category have been high and have -- but have accelerated as well. And that was the reason we felt the need to have that be one of the places that we try to repair the value equation for our consumers.
Robert A. McDonald: Right. Well, we -- as I said earlier, we believe in innovation. Innovation is the primary way we accomplish our purpose of improving lives. We spend about $2 billion a year in research and development. We spend $0.5 billion a year in consumer knowledge. The half -- the $2 billion a year in research and development is about 50% more than our largest competitor. We believe in innovation and we believe that that's the way we improve lives and we sell product and we make profit. The way we think about innovation is not that we just innovate for the premium tiers, or even not that we innovate for the premium tiers and dilute the product for lower priced tiers. We believe that we innovate for each discrete level of the price tiers. So while we're innovating on the high end in U.S. laundry with Tide TOTALCARE, let's say, which have price index of $1.60 versus base Tide, or Tide PODS, we're also innovating on Gain, on Era, which are brands that are priced significantly lower than Tide. So we try to innovate for each consumer need at each discrete level of the economic pyramid.
Robert A. McDonald: Alice, on the rate of innovation or the speed of innovation, certainly, we would always say that we would like to be faster than we are. If you look at the innovation process, we've shortened the time recently, for example, by using more modeling and simulation, which helps us speed the process of innovation. And we're applying those tools to help us speed the process of innovation in the Beauty and Grooming categories, as well as other categories. 80%, for example, now of our innovations have some form of modeling or simulation, which eliminates the need for the creation of bench scale prototypes, which speeds the innovation process. You will be seeing incremental innovations over the coming months. I don't want to disclose them because obviously, our competitors will have access to this information. But as Jon laid out, in the last year, on average, we've had about the same number of IRI Pacesetters, the largest sellers in the United States, as we have in previous years. We're not happy with that. We want to go further and we want to go faster, and you will see that.
Robert A. McDonald: We're obviously working to grow share in developed markets and to do it in a profitable way. And I've talked about how we're going to do that. And again, the best way to solve this or to answer your questions or Wendy's or Ali's is to deliver the results, and that's what we're focused on.
Robert A. McDonald: Linda, in Jon's remarks, we talked about innovation. We think of innovation holistically. In other words, we think of every -- innovation as everyone's job, innovation in marketing, innovation in product. Jon talked about the fact that we've upgraded existing products, like Crest with Crest Pro-B Health Clinical (sic) [Crest & Oral-B Pro-Health Clinical] lineup, the new Bounty technology, Always and Tampax Radiant. But also, we believe in entering new categories. And Jon talked about the fact that we introduced Downy Unstopables, which has increased the size of the fabric enhancer category. We talked about Febreze car air freshener, which is increasing the size of the Air Care category. We talked about Olay's Smooth Finish in the facial hair removal area, which is a new and better product for facial hair removal. So we talked about ZzzQuil, which is a first entry for us into the sleep aid segment. So we do believe in expanding categories, and we do believe in this continuous innovation that even creates new categories where categories don't exist. And that's the kind of innovation that we need in order to grow our business over the long term and globally.
Robert A. McDonald: Well, repricing -- pricing is one aspect of consumer value. There are lots of different aspects of consumer value. For example, I talked about a retailer, where I was in the store and the retailer was telling me their average transaction size was $12 for every shopper who shops in their store. And then we went and we checked the average transaction size for Tide PODS, and that retailer was selling the $19 size, which means consumers are seeing tremendous value in Tide PODS that's much more than just price. And we have proprietary ways that we measure that, so that we have a relatively good estimate when we go to market as to what would happen. We're also working in consumer applications and working in digital technology to make sure that we create a relationship with the consumer and let them know the value of our products before and when they're in the store.
