Jon R. Moeller: The link between heightened efforts on productivity and the desire to be able to deal with the kind of volatility that we're managing through is the right link to draw. We are -- we're going to stay focused on this. We think there's significant savings to come from this. Again, we'll talk more in detail about that at CAGNY. And that should give us the ability to deal more effectively with the volatility that we're experiencing. In terms of predicable growth rates, I think we've grown very productively on the top line. The bottom line really, as you indicate, has been a function of macro effects, whether it was commodities last year, the combination of commodities and foreign exchange this year. We'll work hard to offset them through increased productivity, but what we can't do is reduce spending to offset these costs in a way that harms the long-term trajectory of the business.
Jon R. Moeller: I'll just add 2 things. One is that the -- while it's a significant amount of pricing, the percentage increase that we're talking about this time around is much less than occurred last time. So the pricing gaps as they open are nowhere near as significant. The second important difference between this cycle and last cycle, if you recall, as soon as we got prices up, commodities started to roll over. That's not what we're seeing now. So in terms of both kind of the macro dynamics and in terms of what we're seeing in the marketplace, we feel like we're in reasonably good shape.
Jon R. Moeller: I think if you think about a more normalized environment, remember the volumes are being impacted by a significant amount of pricing. I'd see volume as a bigger contributor going forward than it has been certainly in the last quarter, call it 2 to 4 points. And I think there is some inherent pricing power in many of our businesses and we're going to be working on more routine discipline in terms of pricing, so hopefully that'll continue to contribute positively going forward. And then we're going to continue to have some mixed drag just from the disproportionate growth in developing markets. So I think, if you go back to our historic range of 4 to 6, or call it 4 to 5 top line, a good 3 to 4 points of that will be volume on a going basis and then we'd have some mix and pricing help. And that's of course a global number.
Jon R. Moeller: And if you think about the timing of when we've taken pricing, Lauren, a lot of this occurred September-October window, and we've talked before about needing really 6 months to understand how it's going to sort out. We've seen a number of competitors, and I won't name country/categories, recently take pricing, so that gives us encouragement going forward. I think if you listen to the remarks of both Colgate and Kimberly, which you obviously have, they continue to -- those remarks are indicative of an environment that requires pricing. And we've actually had some competitors, Energizer as an example, take another round of price increases, which we're now following. So it's -- I mean, it would take me a long time to take you through obviously category by country across the world, but we are seeing positive development in the last month or 2, which does give us confidence.
Jon R. Moeller: Sure. The dynamic that you described, which is having reflected, if you will, a significant amount of the FX decline in our top line estimates in our last call, is correct. At that point, we felt that there were things that were going to able us -- enable us to offset the bottom line impact of FX, so we didn't adjust our bottom line guidance at that point. But for instance, in the last quarter, as has been alluded to by others, we had much more growth in developing markets as a percentage of our total than we were expecting, which is positive on one hand but has a negative P&L impact. We also had assumed, as I alluded to in my remarks, that with those -- with that stronger dollar, we would see some rollover in commodity costs and that turned out not to materialize. And that's the reason we're now reducing guidelines, so obviously -- or guidance. So obviously, there's a lot of moving parts, but at the heart of issue is FX. And to help you get to the $0.15 to $0.18, which I realize can be hard, I'd suggest we follow up offline and we can take you through that in broad strokes.
Jon R. Moeller: And we're all for appropriate portfolio discipline and ensuring that each part of the portfolio's value gets maximized. I've gotten asked, similar to your question many times recently, would we consider doing something like Kraft? I would argue that's exactly what we've been doing as major portions of our business, whether it's pharmaceuticals or coffee and now snacks, lead the portfolio.
Jon R. Moeller: So first, Dara, on the tax rate. The range for this year is, call it, 25% to 26%. And of course, the going rate is one of the biggest questions we have right now. It's a policy-based question, but assuming status quo, we'd expect a rate of around 26% on a going basis.
Jon R. Moeller: So first, just a clarification. The $250 million savings is not related to Pringles. It's related to enrollment -- a non-Pringles enrollment reduction that we're targeting this year of 3%. Second, we agree with you that we need to be even more intentional in this area, and as we said, we're going to talk about that a little bit more when we're together in 3 weeks at CAGNY. But what one thing I want to also talk about is the developing market dynamic. If you look at the last 10 years, we've grown -- we've tripled the size of our developing market business. And over the last 6 years, we have had to deal with about 650 basis points of commodity cost increases, over $6 billion. And over that same period of time, while we're growing our business disproportionately in developing markets and while we're dealing with these commodity costs, we increased our operating margin 200 basis points. I realize the last couple of quarters haven't looked like that. But I think that's more indicative over longer periods of time, as you smooth out the volatility, of the kind of performance that we're capable of delivering and we'll target to deliver.
Jon R. Moeller: Well, it all depends on what's determined, first in the internal investigation and then others that may be occurring. And we're just, at this point, following Diamond's public representations that they're going to have concluded the internal investigation in the middle of February, and we'll obviously be able to talk with them in more detail about that at that time. And then we'll go from there.
Jon R. Moeller: So first, Alice, let me just handle the housekeeping, and then I'll turn it over to Bob. We can help you with that information. We will help you with that information. I don't have it here with me at that level of granularity. But if you call Jon after the meeting, we'll help you out there.
Jon R. Moeller: First, just a clarification. The 45% is a volume metric. From a sales standpoint, we expect by the end of the year to have 37% of our business in developing markets. And I think we don't have the detail you're looking for here with us right now, but this is something I think we can also talk a bit more about at CAGNY in a couple of weeks, in terms of what the investment and inflection paths would look like in general in developing markets.
Jon R. Moeller: In terms of the future pricing, obviously, we can't comment category specificity. What I would tell you is that some of it is related to the currency devaluations that we've talked about in developing markets, so it's catching up with that. But there is also pricing in the developed world, both in categories where we've already priced and in some where we're still -- that's still ahead of us. So I really can't get into anything more specific than that.
Robert A. McDonald: Nik, we talked about the fact we've taken about $3.5 billion of pricing and that there were 3 category/country combinations where competition didn't follow and we felt the need to react to that to regain the value equation. And in Jon remark -- Jon's remarks, we talked about those reversals or reactions not being material to the $3.5-billion increment. And so that's what we've seen so far. So I think you'd have to say that, overall, we were successful in executing the pricing that we wanted and we feel good about what we were able to achieve. Having said that, there are these 3 instances where we've had to take some action to return the value equation.
Robert A. McDonald: Yes, I think -- the only other thing I would add is, as Jon said, we're growing share now. Our in-line share was about 45% of our business. Back in AMJ of 2009, that number was more like 25% of our business. So we've been able to continue to hold the market share. Certainly, we'd like to be up to 60%, which is what we hold ourselves to. But 45% is not bad, given that we've always said that the October-December quarter would be the most volatile and would be the most difficult during this fiscal year.
Robert A. McDonald: Well, we're going to continue to grow the top line and we're going to continue to grow the market share, Chris. I mean, as you know, our top line goal is to grow 1 to 2 points above the market. And the antidote, the way to do that is to have a full portfolio of offerings from premium priced to low priced. I think our laundry category in the U.S. is somewhat instructive of this, where we've got Tide TOTAL CARE, the best aggregation of technology you can get in the laundry category at a price index of about 160 versus average Tide, all the way down to Era, which can be anywhere from an index of 65 to 85. And we're innovating on that business by introducing PODS and doing a number of other things on other brands. So for us, we want to grow 1 to 2 points above the market. We want to do that with a full portfolio and there's indication that -- there's certainly indication, for example, on Crest 3D White is a good example, that even though you're premium priced, if you're offering a superior value to consumers, they will continue to buy it. So innovation becomes very critical to the future.
Robert A. McDonald: Well, I think, Lauren, as I said earlier, the fact that we've taken so much pricing, $3.5 billion, and that we've got these very isolated discrete instances where competitors haven't followed price increases -- maybe if I get granular on those, it will show you how the balance seems to be going well. In some -- in most of the markets, competitors are raising prices. Certainly, pricing is at the discretion of retailers, but in others they haven't. So in the U.K., for example, we've continued to see deep discounting from Unilever on both the hair care and laundry categories. In U.K. laundry -- and remember, we came from behind in the U.K. in laundry. U.K. is Unilever's home market. We were up to 55 plus share. Unilever's average retail price is now down about 5% over the past 6 months, where our average price is up about 4%. In U.S. auto dish category, Reckitt's not increased prices, and again we're the market leader. In fact, they've increased their trade spending in track channels by more than 40% versus the prior year since we increased prices in June of 2011. In U.S. laundry, our average Tide powder pricing is up double digits versus year ago, while Church & Dwight's average powder pricing is down low single digits. On liquids, we continue to see heavy promotional activity from competitors, while the average Tide Liquid pricing is flat versus year ago. While we can't discuss unannounced plans on particular brands, we're closely monitoring these situations and we're going to react. In fact, we've already announced, as Jon said in his remarks, a price increase rollback on Cascade in North America to deal with the situation on Reckitt. And we have plans moving forward on the other disparities I discussed.
Robert A. McDonald: Well, Bill, I agree with you that discontinuous innovation is important to grow categories in developed markets. I would argue with you in a bit that we -- that you're not seeing it. In fact, we just announced the launch of Febreze auto product, which gets us into a category in fragrances in automobiles that we've never been in before. And this product takes advantage of our proprietary superior technology in fragrance that I think will be a big hit and will remake the category, so we're really excited about that. But certainly, we have dedicated more resources to discontinuous innovation because we recognize the importance of that. Of course, Tide PODS is another example where we're in the midst of the introduction of Tide PODS, which will be expansive to the laundry category in the sense that it's priced higher in a per-use basis as well as it's the most condensed laundry product you can buy. So it's going to be much better for the environment. And as we said earlier, we expect it to be about 30% of the category. But we're working on more innovation as well.
Robert A. McDonald: Well, obviously, we think there's tremendous advantage to having the scale that we have, and we've said repeatedly that we've got to demonstrate to you that we can take that scale and turn it into accelerated growth. Our goal is to be in the top third of our peer group in terms of total shareholder return and anything that detracts from us being there is unacceptable to us. We're the company who was just rated by Chief Executive Magazine, through some research they did, as being the best company for the development of leaders, and it's now time for all of us as leaders of this company to step up, get the company back into the top third of our peer group and stay there in terms of total shareholder return. And we're in the process of building the capability to do that. Improving the productivity is going to be part of it, to give us possibility when these kinds of short-term impacts occur, continuing to innovate, continuing to build brands. But I think you're going to continue -- I think you're going to see some good evidence. We're going to obviously talk about it at CAGNY. But in the balance of the year, I think you'll see good evidence that we're on track to achieve those goals I just talked about, and we will point them out to you along the way so that you don't miss them.
Robert A. McDonald: The question is, can a company with a scale like ours win versus the more focused company that you talked about, and we will help you see evidence of that along the way. But I think the fact that we're making good progress in Oral Care and we, as Jon said in his remarks, I think, and Teri said in hers, we're expanding our Oral Care offerings to the balance of Latin America, you're going to see further evidence of this.
Robert A. McDonald: Our leaders are rewarded for building both market share and profit. The overarching goal is, as I said, is to be in the top third of our peer group in total shareholder return. We talk about and in our leadership, not or. At the time where you -- I think you and others interpreted what I was saying as being a focus on share. That was after the AMJ quarter of 2009 and A.G. and I reported that our market share was growing or in line in about 25% of our business, so it was critical at that time to regain our market share. We had gone through a period of, as Jon said earlier, tremendous pricing and we had lost quite a bit of market share. We had to regain that. Today's situation is very different. As Jon indicated earlier, we're in line or growing market share of about 45% of our business. We know where the issues are. We're working on those issues. But our job going forward is to improve the profitability of the company and to grow market share at the same time and to be in the top third of our peer group in total shareholder return, and we're not going to stop until we're there and we're even not going to stop once we are there.
Robert A. McDonald: Thank you, Jason. As we've said historically, the 9% to 11% range has been what we have spent. Actually, I believe that over time, we will see the increase in the cost of advertising moderate. There are just so many different media available today and we're quickly moving more and more of our businesses into digital. And in that space, there are lots of different avenues available. In the digital space, with things like Facebook and Google and others, we find that the return on investment of the advertising, when properly designed, when the big idea is there, can be much more efficient. One example is our Old Spice campaign, where we had 1.8 billion free impressions and there are many other examples I can cite from all over the world. So while there may be pressure on advertising, particularly in the United States, for example, during the year of a presidential election, there are mitigating factors like the plethora of media available.
Robert A. McDonald: Alice, if you look over -- since the year 2000 and you look at the number of IRI Pacesetters, those have been the biggest sellers in the categories in which we compete. Half of them, since the year 2000, have been Procter & Gamble's. We expect to keep that kind of pace of innovation up and that's the way we look at it. This year, we've introduced Downy Unstopables, which created a new category. We've introduced Olay Facial Hair, which created a new category. We're just now introducing ProGlide Styler, which created a new category. I talked about the fact we're going into automobiles with Febreze for the first time. We've got a couple of other new category creators later this fiscal year. And then as I look at our program going forward, we have other discontinuous innovation as well. But discontinuous innovation is something we're working very hard on and we recognize that there's obviously a correlation between our North American business and discontinuous innovation. You talked about blades and razors. If you look at the way we've grown our business in Latin America and in Asia on blades and razors, it will be instructive to the growth that we will have in Western Europe and North America, because we have historically supported all forms of our blades and razor offering in Latin America, for example, and that business is one of our strongest, if not our strongest, globally. It's growing share and all forms are growing. And that's what you'll have happen here. I don't think that we started this 9 months ago, but certainly we're moving very quickly to do it. And you're right. A lot of the business, the share that we've grown on Fusion, we've lost on Mach3, and that's why we need to support Mach3 and we've got some significant innovations coming on Mach3.
Robert A. McDonald: Your -- the spirit of your question, Tim, is true, that while we -- Jon did talk about the fact that we're reducing enrollment by 3%, overhead enrollment by 3% or 3 percentage points this fiscal year, that at the same time we are shifting the footprint of the company to take advantage of the growth where the growth occurs. Examples of that, Jon mentioned the fact that we've closed technical centers in Western Europe, North America. We've expanded -- doubled the size of our technical center in Beijing. We broke ground on a new technical center in Singapore. Of the roughly 19 plants we have under construction over the last 6 months, one was in the United States. It's our Box Elder, Utah paper facility. But the others have all been in developing markets. So while it may look somewhat more static from an overall standpoint, underneath those numbers is quite a dramatic shift in the resourcing of the company to the areas of growth. And that's one of the reasons, for example, our Baby Care business is so strong today. Roughly 40% of the babies are being born in Asia. I think if you add the Middle East and Africa and maybe parts of Latin America that, you'd be up to 70%. And that's why our Baby Care business is strong despite the fact that the number of births in the United States is declining.
Robert A. McDonald: Mark, I'm not sure I totally understood your first question. But one of the things we do is that after we announce pricing and we take pricing, we obviously watch to see if competitor prices. And if they run a buy 1, get 1 free instead of pricing, that suggests to us that they're not going to price, and we wait to watch their reaction over time and when they don't react, then we react to resume the value equation we had when we were growing share.
Robert A. McDonald: Sure. Renovation is our lifeblood, Linda. I mean our purpose is to improve people's lives and the primary way we do that is through innovation. We spend over $2 billion a year on research and development. That's about double our next largest competitor. And we spend about $0.5 billion a year on consumer research, which obviously tells us where to innovate. We then look at our innovation spending and resource allocation by category. We look at it by category relative to the sales of that category and we look at it relative to what -- where competitors are spending. And we look to get a rate of return higher than our competitors because of our scale, because we're able to identify technologies that become platform technologies across categories, and this is a little bit back to Ali's question of why you should expect more from us. For example, our knowledge of bleach and laundry led to Crest Whitestrips, which leads to our competitive advantage in hair color in Perfect 10, which leads to other uses of bleach across our portfolio. So those platforms become very critical to us to being able to get more for the $2 billion in R&D spending than our competition, which may be more singularly focused on an individual category. Secondly, back in 2000, when A.G. was our CEO, we announced a program called Connect + Develop, where we want to get 50% of our ideas from outside the company. We've been successful in doing that. In fact, today, about -- over 80% of our innovations have some kind of external partner. We even have joint development laboratories with our suppliers and we spend a lot of time working with outside universities, suppliers, partners in order to improve our rate of innovation as well as the impact of our innovation. We're one of the few companies in the world that has an Innovation & Technology Committee of our Board of Directors. We meet with that committee frequently. And we lay out our innovation program because it's so -- is so critical to our company.
