Jon Moeller: Thanks, Steve. As it relates to the fourth quarter, there are, as you readily appreciate, a ton of moving parts. Geographies are in very different places in the cycle, categories have different levels of need and demand. There’s the supply situation and then there is the retail inventory dynamics as well as consumer pantry dynamics. And again, you multiply that by a 100 countries around the world and 10 categories and many more brands and you realize that you probably don’t have the answer. As we were sitting together at CAGNY five weeks ago, I don’t think any of us in our conversations would have assumed how the next five weeks would unfold. And I don’t pretend to know how the next 8 to 10 weeks is going to unfold. Having said that, you mentioned China. Our business there is rebounding nicely, both from an operations standpoint and from a consumption standpoint. We are seeing a continued significant demand in our categories and the supply and retail inventories are being steadily rebuilt. In the U.S., -- and I focus on these two markets because as you know, they are our largest markets, so to give you some relative feel. April has started off very strong double digit rates from an order standpoint. We expect that to tail off as the lines are set between retail inventory, restocking and consumer demand. But having said that, we are definitely seeing increased consumption levels, not just increased buying levels to put in pantries. I mentioned that in the U.S. we’re seeing an increase in the number of loads of laundry that are done per week, the number of garments that are cleaned after one wearing. With much more in-home meal preparation, there’s a lot more cleaning that needs to be done. And we’re seeing consumption, for example at-home consumption of cleaning aids,, whether that’s surface cleaners or paper towels or Swiffer continuing to be very, very strong. Our Home Care business, if I have my numbers right, was double digits in sales and that’s following or in line with what we’re seeing in terms of consumption. Now, having said all that, and sorry for the long answer but there’s no short one. We have never faced the level of unemployment that we’re likely to see in this country and potentially in others. And we don’t know how long that will occur for. We’ve never faced a complete shutdown of very important channels of commerce, whether that’s travel retail, whether that’s the electric channel in Europe, whether that’s the specialty beauty channel. So, there’s a huge amount of volatility we’re likely to experience and we’ll learn more every day. Our fourth quarter sales guidance, deductively, given fiscal year-to-date results and our fiscal year guidance is minus 2 to plus 2. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, the pull-forward from Q4 to Q3 was about 2 points. So, that minus 2 to plus 2 on an apples-to-apples basis is really zero to 4. And while that may not seem like a lot, given a 6 year-to-date, recall again a number of things. One, it’s our highest comp period. So, last year, organic sales by quarter were 4, 4, 5 and 7. 2 will have a full quarter of the impact of these channel closures and store closures. 3 will have the inventory dynamics, however, those net out that I described. So, when you put all that together, zero to 4, accurate, I doubt it, but it’s representative of the combination of all those dynamics. So, it’s the best number we have. And again, I apologize for the length of this answer, but it’s not a topic that lends itself to simple formula. On recession and recessionary playbook, I really do believe that we have made major steps as a company since the last recession that significantly improve our hand, whether that’s productivity, whether that’s a focus on superiority, which is critical, because certainly price points matter and we’re prepared to address that. But overall, value proposition really matters. And at a time when there’s heightened concern about the need for a product to work and be efficacious, as I take care of my family and my home, the superiority plays an even bigger role.  So, the changes we’ve made there I think will put us in much better stead. I talked about the portfolio and the difference and the preponderance of our product serving needs on a daily basis versus much more discretionary portfolio and not daily use based in some categories that we’ve divested. So, this is a playbook that we’ve been developing for both good times and bad times, month-by-month, year-by-year. And I really do believe we’re in a better position. Having said that, when something significant like this happens, would it be right to sit back and assume that we’ve got it covered? No. So, we are making very deliberate plans business by business, market by market to ensure we’re as well positioned as we can be. And there will be changes and there will be adjustments, and they won’t always be right, and we’ll have to remain agile and learn and adjusted as we go.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Lauren. The promotional dynamics in our categories are changing pretty significantly, just as they are in food and beverage, which you referenced. It’s really nobody’s interest to be promoting products when you don’t have them, when there is not a sufficient inventory to supply demand. So, if we look at for the full quarter, the amount of volume in our categories as a percentage of sales that moved on promotion, that’s down about 5 points, and obviously that number would be much more significant in the month of March. And I don’t really know how that will develop going forward, but certainly, if I had to guess, there will be less promotion in the next couple of quarters where the job is restocking and replenishing than had been the case historically. Price in the quarter was a net benefit of plus 1. And if I look back over the last 30 quarters, price has typically been a benefit of 1 to 2, sometimes, very rarely, but sometimes zero or minus 1, sometimes a little bit more, in that range. But it’s pretty much in that range. And as I mentioned, our strategy is unchanging. So, an innovation based strategy, I don’t see any reason why there will be a dramatic change in the contribution of price, particularly also because you have significant currency devaluations in many parts of the world, where some amount of pricing will be needed over time, done appropriately and sensitively to recover cost structures in those markets. Right now, in emerging markets outside of China, we’re operating and thinking rightly or wrongly, day-by-day, because situation changes dramatically. India is a good example. That market is effectively shut and will be at least through the end of April. We’re working with governments, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to establish the essential nature of our product categories for their citizens and therefore gain the ability to operate, which we largely have. That’s been a significant focus area over the last five weeks, and it’s a daily endeavor. And then, once we establish our ability to operate, we then have to source materials and we have to ensure that employees can get to work, which sounds simple, but is anything but. For example, we’ll go back to India again, there is a prohibition on any transport of people across state lines. And you can imagine, it wouldn’t be unusual that we might have a plant or two that are located close to a state border, and you might imagine that some of the people that work in that facility live on the other side of that line. So, that’s just an example of kind of the level of operational agility that we’re having to execute. In order to continue operating in the Philippines, we had to basically secure access to a dorm next to our production facility in which to house and protect employees as a condition of operating. So, we’re not that far out in our thinking about how to operate in these markets. Right now, it’s day-to-day.
Jon Moeller: Some real positive developments from a market share standpoint as I walked you through over the last quarter, and no reason for those underlying trends, not to continue, particularly when they’re based on again, performance advantages at a time when performance is required more than ever. Will there be a trade down pressure? I don’t know, but I think it would be silly to assume none. And will there be some share pressure as a result of pricing moves that need to be made? Undoubtedly that we’re going to be very careful in terms of pricing that we do take in emerging markets and will likely tie that much more closely to local inflation than we would to the financial markets and currency and as a result should encounter fewer issues relative to competition than we would if we were just pricing to the currency conversion number. The biggest pressure on shares in the near term is none of any of that. It’s the ability to supply very, very high levels of demand in some categories. I mentioned two categories in our prepared remarks, Family Care, which is our Bounty and Charmin business, and Baby Care. And let me just describe briefly some of the dynamics that occur in the Family Care category as an example. We can see a scenario where our business continues to grow at strong double digit rates and we lose share. That’s because the market is growing at an even higher rate than that. Many of our competitors in that business source the industrial or commercial market, as well as the consumer market. Our business is entirely focused on the consumer market. Those companies have the ability with what is largely a shuttered hospitality industry as an example, to move production from an industrial or commercial focus to a consumer focus. You don’t have that excess capacity to make that move. So, our throughput is up significantly on a per line basis. The results are going to be very, very good. But, we will probably, in that context, lose some share. So, what I wouldn’t expect going forward, and I’m -- here I’m talking about the next three to six months is a continued steady increase in share levels. But, I also wouldn’t expect significant diminution of our position. We’re committed to not have that happen. We talk about that actively. But, there will be more volatility in the share numbers just because of all of the market dynamics that we’re trying to manage.
Jon Moeller: So, we obviously saw a positive margin development in the quarter we just completed. We’ve seen positive margin development fiscal year-to-date. Our guidance would imply positive margin development for the fiscal year. And as we talk about balance growth and value-creation, I’ve explained many times, but it’s not possible to get to where we want to get from a value-creation standpoint without strong top line growth and margin improvement. Yes, there are some headwinds but there are also tailwinds, commodities as you mentioned, should be a tailwind longer term. And we’ve got our -- we continue our efforts on our productivity program. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there’s additional learning that’s come out of our experience the last five weeks on ways we might be even more productive, both in generating top line sales and in containing cost. So, my expectation there is that there continues to be a level of margin improvement going forward. In terms of product launch and we’re in the middle now of going through each category and determining are there any changes that need to be made, either out of necessity or by design to maximize the impact of those planned initiatives. And in terms of how products are brought to market, I don’t see really significant changes. For example, there’s more media consumption that’s occurring right now than probably there has been in the last three or four years. So, changing that model doesn’t really make a lot of sense. And by media, I’m talking about not just TV but digital consumption as well. So, I don’t see significant changes there. I think, our model with some adjustments will continue to be relevant and effective. And then, we just need to look at timing by initiative there. I wouldn’t expect a net of that exercise either to have a significant impact on our ability to continue to grow.
Jon Moeller: I don’t have a category by category analysis of that. I just haven’t had the time to get to that, although it’s a very good question. But, what we do know and we refreshed learning on over the last five weeks is what’s happened to market sizes in our categories during times of recession. And as you’ll readily understand, our categories are not immune from recessionary impacts, but they’re much less sensitive to that dynamic and most other categories across industry. And so, if we look at recessionary periods, the market has typically contracted in terms of its growth rate. So, it’s continued to grow, but has contracted maybe 1 point. So, then the question becomes, okay, one, can we do anything about that if we can. Two, what’s your relative position within that market and are you well-positioned to at least hold your ground if not build your position? And again, I feel better about that than I have at any time in our recent history. That doesn’t mean that there won’t be categories that from a market standpoint aren’t impacted with more than others. And that doesn’t mean that there won’t be individual situations typically at a brand or category country level. In fact do lose some share. But, I mean, put it this way, as we think about our planning for next year, we’re not giving ourselves any break relative to share. We expect to hold and build share.
Jon Moeller: Absolutely, we should expect growth in these markets, absent physical barriers, either regulations or operational barriers that prevent products from getting first into stores and into markets and into consumers’ hands. It’s not necessarily a harbinger of the future, but I mentioned Latin America as an example growing 11% in the last quarter. The fundamental drivers of that demand remain as we go forward. In terms of our ability to capture those opportunities, our strategy in emerging markets is fundamentally the same and it’s been working very, very well from both the top line standpoint and a bottom-line standpoint. By the same, I mean, our focus on superior products in daily use categories where performance means brand choice, delivered as productively as we can, and we still have lots of opportunities to improve in that context. With excellent communication, best-in-class go-to-market execution, the playbook is the same and works in enterprise markets.
Jon Moeller: Let me start in a slightly different place, but I will get to your end points. The Beauty business generally and which is a primary business that’s sold in travel retail, continues to perform very strongly. We hit our 17th quarter of organic -- consecutive of organic sales growth in Beauty in what is arguably the most difficult quarter we faced in a long, long time, really significant and positive growth across almost all parts of the portfolio. So, we overcame in the quarter a greater than 20% reduction in SK-II sales with solid growth in our other categories. The travel retail business specifically is round number, is a $1 billion business that’s gone. It’s gone because there’s no travel. Having said that that -- the products that were brought in travel retail were consumed in markets and our job needs to be to make up for that travel retail loss in the near term by serving those markets. And we are for example, seeing significant uptake already on SK-II consumption purchase in mainland China, which was one of the big sources of the travel retail demand. So, generally, are performing very, very well in Beauty. And we’ll continue to -- the SK-II impact will have a full quarter now going forward for the next three quarters in all likelihood. So, the challenge will become greater in terms of overcoming that. But, we’re in a pretty good position to be able to at least make progress in that direction. From a Grooming standpoint, we don’t share during the quarter on global basis, which is great, and follows on a number of periods in a row now of share growth for the global Grooming business. The biggest challenge we face on -- we face two challenges in Grooming currently. One is, which I just -- actually I don’t even know I talked about it here, doesn’t matter, is the closing of the electric channel in Europe where a large amount of Braun products were sold. That also affects, by the way our power Oral Care business, which also utilizes our channel. But presumably, as soon as that reopens, which hopefully will be soon, that challenge dissipates. The other challenge is lower shave frequency while working from home, to put it bluntly. But, that’s something where we’re currently working through. As I said, we’ve built share, we want to maintain our share position. We need to work with our retail partners as well who have in some cases, de-prioritized grooming in the very near term to deal with the empty shelves and some of the other aisles of the store. If we can do that effectively, no reason we can’t continue to hold and build share.
Jon Moeller: We need to stay very close to consumers and their habits, needs and desires more now than ever. Just because we’re at change points in their habits and their consumption levels, and we need to understand those and be responsive to those. We actually meet as a portion of the leadership group three mornings a week at 7 o’clock. And one of the things that we’re very focused on in that meeting is, what is changing relative to consumer need and making sure, I mentioned SKU portfolio is one example, but making sure that we’re positioning ourselves to serve those changing needs as well as we possibly can. I think, the net in terms of demand impact on our total portfolio is clearly a positive longer term. And I don’t -- and when I say that I almost -- I don’t want to minimize for a second any amount of human suffering that’s led to the situation. But, we are seeing increased levels of consumption in the majority of our product categories. Even when we come to something like Beauty, remember, I talked about how this is a 17th consecutive quarter of organic sales growth in a row. And to get to organic sales growth on Beauty with a minus 20%-plus number on SK-II, you have to assume very healthy purchase and consumption levels across the portfolio, which we’re seeing. And I don’t see a reason that that wanes. So, generally, thank you for pointing again to the long-term, which we view as -- we want to -- it’s trite and overused statement, but we really do expect to come out of this stronger than we went into it. We really do believe that there’s a very bright future ahead. And to your point, we need to be very deliberately keeping ourselves aware of what those opportunities are and putting steps in place to be able to seize those opportunities again really under the heading of fully serving consumers.
Jon Moeller: Generally -- so, let me take you through recent trends and then I realize your question was more future-focused. We’re seeing modest increases in private label share in North America, at the same time that we’re building significant share ourselves. We’re seeing private label share declines pretty consistently in Europe at a time when we’re building share there as well. We can grow our business and our share and Europe is a prime example, we’ve done it for years, during the time when private label is growing. So, that’s the first and very, very important point. Second, in terms of recessionary dynamics, as it relates to private label, I don’t -- we see a number of different behaviors, which affect that overall equation. There are certainly a subset of consumers for whom price becomes a significantly greater portion of their personal value equation. And that will in some cases result in a trade down to private label. Our job becomes having an offering alternatives for them that allows them to achieve the same objective within our branded portfolio. And we have many more rungs in that pricing ladder now than we had during the last recession. There are other consumers who move the other way for whom performance, efficacy, dependability, I can’t afford to be wrong, I can’t buy two, so I need to buy the best, results in a migration to branded offerings. And that’s different by category and by market. But again, going back to something we’ve mentioned a couple of times in this call, I don’t see any reason for us to have an expectation of ourselves that we hold their build share over reasonable periods of time, I mean given month or given quarter, or given category or given country will have issues. But our expectation is that, whether this is a V-shaped recovery, whether it’s L-shaped recovery, whether it’s a prolonged recession, with our portfolio as it’s structured today, continued to focus on superiority, continued focus on excellence and execution, we should be able to hold and build share positions.
Jon Moeller: So, in some categories, Bill, we have -- we do have the ability to tease out increases in consumption from pantry loading, et cetera. And for example, there are several categories in the U.S. where we have a panel of either consumers or devices, washing machines, dishwashers that give us information on a routine basis on consumption levels. And where we have that in place, that’s how we’re able to know, for example, when I mentioned earlier, what’s happening to wash frequency of clothes and what constitutes that load, the same in a dishwashing context. So, we’re able to in those categories, see very clearly the increase in use and consumption and obviously then deduct into what might be pantry stocking. There are other categories where we don’t have as good a visibility into that, but we’re working to develop that ability across each of the categories in the major markets, and that’s the clear focus. But, I would say that in general, we’re seeing as much as a 20% increase in consumption across categories of where you’d expect to see that and the balance is pantry to some extent. But remember also, in many of our categories, pantry availability itself leads to greater usage. I start conserving on my usage for example of paper towel or certainly of bathroom tissue as I reach the end of my inventory to defer that trip to the store and certainly avoid a situation where I don’t have any available. If there is lots available, I’m typically not rationing or conserving. So, just having it there results in increased consumption in many of our categories. I’m not the expert in the company on advertising, but I would offer a couple of thoughts. Helping consumers understand how they can meet their own perceived and critical needs for them and their family through the use of our products and many categories is a public service. And as well for many years, well before this, we focused on, if you will, both. Think about the Always Like a Girl campaign as an example. And done well, you can do both simultaneously. But, again, I’m not the advertising expert. If you want more perspective on that, feel free to call my friend Marc Pritchard.
Jon Moeller: Let me start with the second question. We have a very simple philosophy and belief, which is that the cash we generate is not ours, it’s yours. And we have -- that’s of course after meeting the needs of -- and opportunities that are presented by attractive investments. We’re having a good year. And if we deliver against our guidance, it’ll be 8% to 11% core earnings per share growth, operating earnings growth has been pretty much in line with that. And going back to the philosophy and the commitments, that results in a certain outcome. Our business is generally highly cash generative. So, I mentioned we generated $4.1 billion of cash in the quarter. Our payout ratio, with the move we’ve just made is a little bit under 60%. So, there’s plenty of room there, if you will. So, it really stems from our philosophy and our commitment and our result and the cash generative nature of our business. And I don’t expect that to change going forward. Obviously, in extreme situations, we might come to a different conclusion. But so far we’ve been weathering this situation fairly well and expect to do well as we go forward. I might also just comment on the general topic of capital allocation. I started receiving some questions on share repurchase and whether that’s appropriate use of funds in this environment. And I don’t fully understand the question. I do, if you’re accepting government support or something like that. But again, going back to our philosophy, that’s your cash, not our cash that needs to come back to you, either through a dividend or share repurchase. And probably, the worst thing we could do at this period of time when I go back to our priorities, the third one being to help society get through this crisis is take a bunch of cash and sit on it. We’re much better off, I think, returning that cash to society and helping people, during a very difficult time. And as you know, we have a large percentage of retail share owners, individual people, and we have a large ownership position from pension funds, which are representing the needs and wants and dreams or desires of frontline healthcare workers, firemen, policemen, of the bus driver, of teachers. And so, I don’t see any reason not to maintain the stance we’ve taken for many, many years relative to cash return. And I think it’s more vital now than ever. Sorry. I got kind of waylaid on that point, but it’s what I feel strongly about. Relative to e-commerce, it differs pretty widely by category, by country. But, generally, our market shares in e-commerce, our online shares are equal to our offline share or slightly ahead. And also, our margins are generally in line, online and offline. In general, the things that we do to win and best serve consumers offline are relevant online as well. But, there are some specific things we can do to better serve both online shoppers and online retailers, for example, with packaging that’s designed to survive the e-commerce journey, which was physically very demanding, and we’re working to develop proprietary packaging that improves packaging integrity and consumer experience in that specific channel. So, there are channel specific areas of superiority that we can help our customers be relevant and in the process increase our relevance.
