Jon Moeller: So, we had modest growth in organic sales in the U.S., volume is still down slightly versus year ago, but importantly an accelerating trend as we went through the quarter. In terms of the difference between 60% - businesses representing 60% of sales growing share in the U.S. and the 45% globally, a big portion of that is, there are two drivers of that. One is China, where while we continue to grow at a very attractive rate 7% in the quarter, for the quarter we were below market level growth rate of about 11%. And as you know China is our second largest business in terms of both sales and profit. We have strong plans in China going forward, we expect to get it back to share growth in the second half, but that's the predominant driver of the math.
Jon Moeller: As I mentioned in our remarks our full intervention program in developed markets won't be fully deployed in market until January. As that happens based on the results that we have seen with the first part of that deployment, which have been positive as I talked we're - that's one of the reasons we gained confidence, both that is right to invest in those plants and that they will result in accelerated top line progress. The other thing I hope you picked up as we talked about innovation is that we have a very strong second half innovation program and obviously I can only talk about innovations that we have already announced to the trade. There are number of things that we are not yet talking about. But we should - that's why we should expect the business to accelerate. Bob, I don't know if you have any further thoughts on that.
Jon Moeller: I think to your question John of this repositioning our current products or new products, we are really making a big intervention in the portfolio for the first time in a long time. So both, if you think about Hair Care, Pantene Super Premium items as well as the launch of a mid-tier line up to us. Illumina, which I mentioned in the Salon business is a completely new products that's transforming the way that hairdressers think about color and protecting it. Then if you think about our Skin Care portfolio obviously the new mid-tier lineup is a completely new item in our portfolio. So we are going to make some pretty significant progress in filling what have been some perennial holes and I think that will stand us in much better stead.
Jon Moeller: Well, there are two components as you recall when we discussed this initially. One is more competitive pricing, which is one element of what's driving better plans and that's pretty much done. We talked about $400 million of price rollbacks out of the $3.6 billion in our last call. That's still the figure we are looking at. Of course this is something we'll continue to look at in a weekly or monthly basis, but that's largely in-market. Then marketing spending as I mentioned will increase as we bring our innovation pipeline into the - fully into the market starting in January.
Jon Moeller: So, Chris we have to increase, if you go back to your - the original $10 billion that we laid out, you'll probably remember that what was $8 billion of the cost reductions and $2 billion of leverage. And that assumed the 5% growth rate on the top line which we haven't delivered, in the last year in our forecast and delivered this year, so we do have to increase the amount of absolute reductions that we're targeting to make. And we'll do that and we won't stop there either. And Bob can talk more about that in a second. In terms of the level of savings that we should see going forward, I think a 150 basis points is - if this will be lumpy so I wouldn't model that out quarter by quarter but it's in the range in terms of the level of magnitude you should see.
Jon Moeller: Well, thank Wendy. First, we continue to keep our long-term guidance range anchored in high singles to low doubles. High singles are in there for a reason. And you've hit on some of the key points. I think there is a big driver though in terms of productivity, that's the $2 billion of savings a year is worth 11 in earnings per share by itself. But you're absolutely right, that we shouldn't get ahead of ourselves and we shouldn't stretch too far. Internally, we talk about balance, balance of growth and developed and developing markets balance of top and bottom line and balance of short and long-term. And we will keep that balance in mind as we formulize a guidance going forward.
Jon Moeller: But I think also Ali, you've raised a very valid point, which I was trying to get to in my prepared remarks as well, back to balance. And we are cognizant of the need to keep that balance and that was today, in front of us as we make these choices.
Jon Moeller: So I think you're right Joe, to be thinking about the lower end of the range in terms of market growth rates. And in terms of the mix component, it's really kind of equally split between product and geographic. I would expect actually the geographic component of mix to increase as a negative going forward simply because we expect our growth rates in developing markets to accelerate as I mentioned earlier. And product really is anybody's guess that's all dependent on what consumers choose to buy, so we'll have to see if you look at the aggregate it would probably be a drag as opposed to even in the going forward.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, Zeke. Well, our China organic sales grew high single digits in the quarter. And grew double digits last fiscal year. We've recently experienced some share softness, driven mainly by skin care where we've had some portfolio gaps, and Oral Care where we've had some price gaps. We've got a strong portfolio of innovation, launching this fiscal year, and we're confident that the combination of that innovation and intervention plans that we've already made are going to return us to market share growth in China. Give us just a second to comment on Teva. I mentioned in my remarks the expansion of the Vicks franchise into Russia and Poland, that's emblematic of the kind of activity that we see ahead of us. We're now at about a year in and we're very excited about what we see. We've just had a strategy review with our personal healthcare business last week. And there is a lot of very promising activity building on the combined strengths of both Procter & Gamble and Teva that should allow us to dramatically accelerate our rate of global expansion. And our rate of category expansion even here in the U.S.
Jon Moeller: Sure, I'll just say a couple of things and then turn it over to Bob, frankly this is a story that [frames] scale pretty well. Kimberly has about a 10% market share in Europe and has difficulty understandably earning cost of capital returns. We have about a 50% share in the baby care business and as a result have much more attractive structural economics. We have fairly strong share positions across the categories that we operate in Europe, and so benefit from a scale our margins are in the mid-teens and offer us many attractive opportunities. So I wouldn't see a significant redeployment of resources from Europe to other markets.
Jon Moeller: So, in terms of regionalization of market growth, think of that as about 9% growth in aggregate, on a market level in developing markets. 1 to 2 points, probably closer to 1 in the developed world. Within that 1 Europe would be negative, the U.S. would be positive. And then in terms of market share broadly, we're growing at rates like 25% in India and 28% in Brazil. Those are share gaining growth rates. And so broadly we continue to - because China is so big, in aggregate we did a lose a little bit of share in developing markets. But that's really the first quarter out of the last 11 that that's happened, we know why it's happened and as Bob said we've got plans to address it. We're very comfortable with our forecast of growing share as we growth through the rest of the year.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, Joe for the question. Specifically in the announcement we announced that we're going to entering the mid-tier segment of skin care in North America in the second half of the year with a launch of an Olay item and Olay Boutique. So we see that opportunities as well and we're going after it. That's it.
Jon Moeller: The first one – a housekeeping clarification, the 35% of profit growth that I referred was in our top 10 developing markets, but those are the most important and the biggest so it's meaningful. And I do think Jon this is an inflexion point. I don't view it as a stair step but a true inflexion point on which we continued to build profitability going forward. We're at a point now in many of these markets where local production is justified and we're building factories and as those come online and as we get both the benefits of our overall productivity program and the benefit of increased scale in developing markets things like media purchasing et cetera. We should see a continued slope on that line.
Jon Moeller: So first on share repurchase, we did frontload our share repurchase program and that was largely a reflection on what where we started the quarter relative to stock price. We haven't at this point changed any guidance relative to the $4 billion. We expect to repurchase, it's obviously something we continue to revisit. And our principles are very clear in returning excess cash to shareholders so if cash comes in strong well we'll look at our options in that regard.
Jon Moeller: As relates to acquisition, we continue to view that as much a lower priority than organic growth just given the opportunities we have in front of us.
Bob McDonald: I think, I would just say Dara as Jon said that we're in the early innings of our program that our 40-20 plan is on track, its gaining momentum in developing markets and strengthening the core developed markets. We are in the early innings of our innovation program. As Jon says it strengthens after January and we are also in the early innings of our productivity program. So what you should expect to see is continued progress. We are on track and continued progress is ahead.
Bob McDonald: Relative to Hair Care, we're seeing signs of progress. In the U.S. Pantene share has begun to stabilize and our most recent product launches are performing well. North America remains a high priority for Hair Care. We're investing behind our core brands and we have a full portfolio of innovation this fiscal particularly strengthening throughout the year. In July we launched Pantene Beautiful Lengths, Pantene Daily Moisture Renewal, Head & Shoulders Damage Rescue, Head & Shoulders Deep Clean and in January we are following this with our recently announced launch of Pantene Expert Collection, which includes two super premium lines AgeDefy and Advanced plus Keratin Repair priced 200% to 250% above the base Pantene line. We are also introducing the new mid-tier Hair Care line priced at 50 to 75 index to the base Pantene shampoos and conditioners. So we are excited about the Hair Care business. We are making progress over time, but as I said earlier it's the early innings and we should greater progress over time.
Bob McDonald: And each one of these products John is backed by a new technology which is superior to what's currently available and that's important because that's what delivers the superior benefit for the consumer.
Bob McDonald: And we talked about our plan, Chris, you recall we talked about the 40-20-10 focus we talked about boosting innovation and we talked about the importance of productivity. In innovation we've taken steps to improve our discontinuous innovation, we've discussed those in the past, and we're continuing to improve our innovation as reflected in the program that Jon described which is getting strong throughout the year. In terms of productivity, we're committed to developing a culture of productivity in our company, equal to our culture of innovation and that's the establishment of the productivity council we talked about. The senior officer for organization transformation, productivity. We see this is as an ongoing part of our culture, not as an episodic event, and as a result we want to drive it in the culture and continue it on an ongoing basis.
Bob McDonald: Ali. Yeah, this is Bob. I think that we've discussed the factors that impacted our past results what I want to focus on is the feature, we're to creating the culture of productivity in our company and the way we're going to do it, exactly as we described in our comment and since - it's to put together a guiding coalition of top leaders in this company. As we do this, we're going to be looking for opportunities to find efficiency within the organization. One of the things we know from organization survey, is that the organization is asking for this. This isn't something that will be disruptive, in fact this should be enabling to higher growth rates because of the way that we currently operate, where employees are telling us that that they could use better efficiency. So we're going to be working hard on this and the intention is to create a culture of productivity that to outlast any of us in the current leadership or the organization.
Bob McDonald: I mean we're cognizant of this balance idea when we put together the plan, the 40-20-10 plan, it's about balancing developed and developing most of the 40-yearend developed, the 10 are all developing, it's about innovation and it's about innovation and productivity and those two are not contradictory and we expect every Procter & Gamble leader to be able to lead with balance and do both simultaneously.
Bob McDonald: I think it's important Javier again to go back to the plan, the 40-20-10 plan focuses on the top ten developing markets and we as a company have a smaller footprint in developing markets than our competitors but only 38% of our business in developing markets, our competitors are 40% and 60%. And as a result, they get a greater degree of growth in developing markets than we do. That's why Jon talked about [building] out 20 new category country combinations, that's why we're building roughly 15 plants in developing markets since we need to increase our footprint in developing markets. Going forward it's one of our strategic priorities as Jon mentioned. So, no we're not taking resources away from it at all. In fact we're focusing on it, and if you look across the BRIC markets for example, organic sales rates in the last quarter, China was 7%, Russia was 8%, India was 25%, Brazil was 28%. So there's very strong levels of growth. And as I mentioned, the acceleration that we're expecting is really behind innovation based plans and category, expansion. So I expect it will occur.
Bob McDonald: And our healthcare business is strategically important to us, as we've said before we have the largest and most profitable household care business, the largest in most profitable beauty care business. And one of the largest and most profitable healthcare businesses but given the demographics of the world, we think this is a key growth engine for the company now and into the future, and we see Teva as a key enabler.
Bob McDonald: As Jon indicated, in his remarks Bill, that this is behind the innovations we're bringing to market and as a result of that it will be more marketing spending like advertising, [trial] generation, awareness generation, not to trade spending. And it will go with the innovation so it will be split relatively on a proportional basis between developing and developed.
Bob McDonald: Yeah, I think Jon said it well. Europe is an important market for us. We see the contraction there as an opportunity, and as john said we're deploying against that opportunity but also we're working in Europe just as we are in other parts of the world on improving our productivity while we improve our innovation.
Bob McDonald: And this is why Jon continued entry into more category country combination is important. Also I you know I said earlier that we were disadvantage by having a lower percent of our business in developing markets vis-à-vis our competition. By having said that our lower percentage of 38% still leads to a $32 billion business, which is larger in aggregate than some of our competitive companies and so it's a largest developing market business in aggregate and that's what leads to the scale advantage that John just described.
Bob McDonald: You've a good point, Mark on the incremental SKUs. We worked very hard as part of our innovation development to make sure that we introduce SKUs that will be successful, they're consumer relevant and that the consumers will buy superior performing products at a good value. And so we also worked very hard with retailers to make sure they have an efficient assortment of products on their shelf that they don't have extraneous SKUs they don't need the high criteria they have or alternatively that they aren't -- they don't support launches of competitive brands, which don't succeed because often times you have a lot of companies bringing out SKUs that don't succeed and later need to be cleaned up. And we work hard not to be one of those companies and we work hard with retailers to make sure they get the highest return on investment in their space.
Bob McDonald: Linda, I would offer going to a store today and look at Tide PODS. I think that's relatively I think that is disruptive. It's growing the Tide business strongly as Jon said and our laundry business as well. And it's leading to about $0.5 billion in incremental sales or in sales and it's only a one country on one brand, so we still have a long way to go to rule it out. Relative to the other disruptive as you've called them disruptive. We call them discontinuous items we're developing, we said you'll see things over within a year over the year and we're obviously, I'm not going to tell you what they are right now because then our competitors would know as well.
Bob McDonald: First on Beauty, when we say, when we call our category beauty or talking about Skin Care antiperspirant deodorant and bar soap or body wash, it is true that we have moved the headquarters for that business. We're talking now less than 40 people to Asia. And the reason for that is that that's where the business is greatest, that's where the competition is toughest and that's where many of the trends are being set. So that's the reason we did that and then on diapers remember we're starting from a much larger position than Kimberly Clark is at today. We actually grew the Pampers business 20% in China over the quarter, so we're very happy with how that business is progressing.
