Jon Moeller: The biggest driver as you would expect of the gross margin improvement was the productivity savings, which were about 140 basis points. There was also less difference if you will between developing market growth rates and developed market growth rates. So part of the answer going forward depends on that dynamic. And there was also an offset from foreign exchange. So the dynamics going forward also depend on that dynamic. We continue to focus on improving the profitability in developing markets, so that growth there becomes less of a gross margin drag. If you look the last two years and then what we are projecting this year, two years ago we grew constant currency profits in developing markets 2 times faster than sales. Last year we grew them 4 times faster than sales. This year we are forecasting again to be about double the rate of sales growth. So we are very intentional and very deliberate in our efforts to improve developing market margins to a point where they are not as much of a drag on mix. But we are very happy with the gross margin performance. We delivered I think on a fiscal year basis while we will continue to be volatile by quarter. We should continue to see progress.
Jon Moeller: You are right Wendy in referring to the Pareto of brands that we talked about that we have been re-divesting and we said there were many that were much smaller than they were those that were bigger. But we didn’t say that there wouldn’t be any large ones, if we did that was a misstatement. But in terms of taking the number up, no this is part of the plan and as I said we are about 25% of the way through the plan through the end of the quarter this is additive to that. So we continue to make progress against that originally articulated plan. There will be some larger businesses but the majority will be small. And I apologize if we miss-communicated that previously.
Jon Moeller: U.S. GAAP accounting requirements require that we account for something in a split-off context in continuing operations until a split-off is executed. And that’s why it remains in continuing operations. But as we execute the split-off or as we were to sign any other agreement the business would move into discontinued operations at that time. In terms of stranded overhead there is some overhead that this business is absorbing. As we talked in the last quarter we are going to do our best to offset that to help minimize dilution. And in terms of what the dilution will ultimately be, it’s really too early to give you helpful guidance on that, because a lot of that’s going to depend on what form the transaction ultimately takes. It will depend on the amount of shares that are exchanged and that exchange ratio which won’t be said until closer to the transaction itself. So we will try to keep you updated as we have information. But right now it would be a pretty wide range. But again I think the takeaway is that we are committed both through the form of the transaction and through our efforts to reduce standard overhead to minimize that dilution number.
Jon Moeller: Yes, we’re certainly hopeful that this becomes a tailwind overtime, but it takes awhile for instance crude reductions to work their way through the refineries and there is a bit of a bottleneck right now in refining capacity in parts of the world, which is why we’re not seeing the immediate flow through into our commodity cost base. So our commodities currently are about a 2 to 3 point headwind versus last year and we’re seeing some moderation in a small decline for instance in diesel prices and hopefully that continues, but we still have resins and polypropylenes due to the dynamic I mentioned earlier, up fairly significantly versus year ago. So hopefully that 2 to 3 point headwind is a worse case number and hopefully we get some help as things continue to evolve.
Jon Moeller: Thanks John. On the sustainability of working capital improvement side, I view them as very sustainable. Cash is one of our clear focus areas and we have some strong plans that are continuing to make progress. The progress that we made in the quarter that we just reported was driven primarily by the supply chain financing program which has future benefits associated with it. We’re not all of our way through that yet and those benefits are sustainable going forward. On top of that, as we execute our portfolio focusing program, there is a significant opportunity that we’re committed to go after once we have rationalized the category and brand portfolio at the skew level and that also presents a significant inventory and working capital opportunity the bottom 5% of our skews in terms of movement not surprisingly account for a much greater percentage of our inventory, so as we get after that, there should be a benefit. And third as I mentioned in our supply chain redesign efforts, we’re hopeful we can take significant levels of inventory out of the total system and at the same time decrease shelf out-of-stocks, improve customer service. So there are a number of big drivers that we should have available to us to continue to make progress in that area, which we’re committed to do impart to offset the impact of some of the capital spending that we’re doing in the supply chain redesign on a global basis. In terms of what we can do in developing markets to reduce the margin mix impact, as I mentioned in an answer to a prior question, we’re making significant progress in this area on a constant currency basis. 2x the rate of organic sales growth, two years ago 4x last year at least 2x again this year, also some of the developing market investments that we made for instance the Oral Care investments, those are beginning to accrete and that should be a source of help going forward. The productivity savings are not simply a developed market dynamic. They are equally a developing market dynamic on items like TDC, items like marketing even in the non-manufacturing overhead arena. And then as you know we’re also increasingly localizing our production. We’ll be bringing some of the same redesign to parts of the developing world that we’re doing in the developed world today at least from a distribution center standpoint. And so I see no reason why longer term developing markets margin should be a significant drag on earning though they will continue to be a negative drag in the near-term.
Jon Moeller: So if you look at beauty parts of that business are doing a fairly well. We grew antiperspirant and deodorant mid single-digits, cosmetics grew organic sales mid single-digits in the quarter with Max Factor growing shipments on a double-digit basis globally. Safeguard was growing mid single-digits globally with double-digit growth in parts of the developing world. And we had a pretty strong quarter on Hugo Boss which is largest Prestige fragrance. Hair Care grew about 2% in the quarter. We were very encouraged by the developments that you point out on Pantene in the U.S. where volume was up 11% on the quarter. As I have cautioned before this will be not be a straight line and competitive intensity in this category is significant, but still forward progress is encouraging. Olay remains work in progress. We are making some good progress in addressing some of the consumer benefit segments that we had neglected and that are important in the category with items like Luminous with the items like Fresh Effects. But we still have work to do both in North America and in China. But sequentially quarter-on-quarter better results in beauty from a top-line standpoint and we are hopeful we can continue that.
Jon Moeller: Obviously pricing is a sensitive topic, so I don’t want to get into really granular specifics. But we did mention that we had made value equation interventions in both the laundry and the paper products businesses specifically tissue towel and toilet paper. And those appear to have been going pretty well. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks we have built share on a almost in a period of time you can look at it in the last 52 weeks on both Gain and Tide. Tide was up 2 points in the quarter. And so we will continue. We need to be competitive on pricing, we will continue to be competitive. But I think we are pretty much where we need to be. I don’t see, of course this changes on a daily basis. But as we sit here today, I don’t see any additional significant moves that need to be made. In terms of personnel, look we are just taking advantage of normal retirement and normal attrition to design the organization that’s going to lead this more focused more strategically-oriented company for a balanced growth and value creation. And that’s what we are doing. We are going to have a management team that’s going to manage this company that would be the same size as the team that existed in 2000 managing a company that’s 2x or actually more than 2x the size of the company in 2000. And that’s the design intent. In terms of China, China continues to be an attractive market in our view it’s market where we’ve grown over 50% in the last four years. Market growth continues, the last quarter based on our look at our categories market growth was up was about 6%. Our inventories are pretty much inline throughout the trade chain. So we really have not I would view those destocking dynamics as company specific rather than systemic.
Jon Moeller: There is a lot that we can do on our own. And that’s why I talked about the whole brand building and selling execution opportunity, that’s completely within our control. And I mentioned the sampling opportunities. We have opportunities to continue to improve the quality and clarity of our communication with consumers. We have significant opportunities which the supply chain redesign will help us address at the first moment of truth just in terms of out-of-stocks. And generally while market growths have slowed, consumers continue to be very responsive to innovation that increases the value of the product that they are purchasing. If we’d look at the segments of our business that are growing the fastest, and I’ve talked about some of them in the opening remarks, many of those are premium priced items but come with product superiority and consumer benefit that more than justifies that price. And put simply, we believe that the antidote to relatively slow overall market sales or market growth is threefold, it’s innovation, it’s productivity, and it’s execution. And I would be remised if I didn't mention in this context that to the point of the prior question we still have work to do on our beauty business and on couple of other pockets of the business, and that should also as we improve that make a significant different in our ability to grow not just at but ahead of -- slightly ahead of market growth rates.
Jon Moeller: Well I think there and it’s very early and you can imagine that most men have an inventory of blades at home that they have to work through before the real driver of growth in that market which is cartridge consumption takes place, but we’re beginning to see an increase now in cartridge market share. We’re up about 1.4 points in the quarter. We’re also beginning to see a reduction in the rate of market decline in the grooming segment. It was down as much as 6% to 7%. Previously, it’s down about 3% on a more recent basis and as low as past 1% in a couple of the recent months. And remember as well that the FlexBall innovation is not only new to market it’s only in one country serving one gender. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we’ll begin globalizing this over the balance of, starting in calendar year 2015. We’ll bring the truly superior benefit of this product to women as well, and so we’re early days in that whole dynamic. Also remember that when we sell an initiative which we did with FlexBall in the last quarter, there is an inherent acceleration of sales into the quarter as we work to stock the shelves and fill the supply chain. So grooming organic growth last quarter was 7%. If you look at it on a two quarter average basis, which I think is a more representative way to look at it given the initiative dynamics it’s in pretty good shape.
Jon Moeller: As you can imagine, we do impairment testing on a routine basis. We disclosed in our last K that that there was some risk on the Duracell evaluation that we had very cushion. And then the selling price that we generated and the impacts of decision to sell, which frankly changed some of the impairment testing criteria led to that impairment. You will notice in our disclosures that there are no other businesses that we’re disclosing a similar risk on it doesn’t mean there will never be one, but as we sit here today actually that is very low risk.
Jon Moeller: So I am not terribly concerned about near-term disruption. I think it’s a fair question Nick, but there are many more people continuing to do their jobs and people changing jobs. And the people that are changing jobs are better and experienced pros in almost every case. So it’s something that we need to stay deliberate and intentional on, not dropping any balls. But I am really that concerned about that. Again it’s, I meant no way to dismiss the question I think it’s a very fair question. But I think we are in a good shape. In terms of rewards and incentives that’s something that we are always looking at, that’s something that the Compensation Committee at the Board is always looking at. I don’t have a specific change to announce today, but it’s something that continues to receive the appropriate levels of attention.
Jon Moeller: Thanks for re-asking the question on the trends in the quarter. Jason I appreciate that I, Bill asked such a long question I’d forgotten that part. And that is not a dig on you Bill. The biggest driver frankly is a base period dynamic where we had a strong innovation on both Gucci and Lacoste in the year ago quarter and there was less of that this quarter. As you can understand maybe not appreciate, I really don’t want to spend a lot of time talking about specific businesses and their role in the portfolio as we are going through all that changes that we are going through. We will announce moves and decisions as they occur and we will try to be very clear as to what the rationale is. And I will leave it there.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, Javier. In the quarter there were about 250 basis points of savings across cost of goods and SG&A. And a not insignificant portion of that was reinvested. I talked about the investment levels that we have increased behind Tide when we have strong innovation. We are going to invest behind it. We did the same on Pampers and have continued spending to drive that business increase consumer awareness, increase household penetration. I also mentioned that I didn’t give it a lot of time so I understand how we could have crossed over it. But we are being very intentional in reinvesting in two areas. One in the SRA area, one is in R&D to bring even more innovation to market that’s more relevant for consumers and it improves realize in an even stronger way and in our selling execution assuring that we have got sufficient channel coverage in the channels that are growing in that matter ensuring that we have an appropriate level of category knowledge and dedication. So we will reinvest when there are good opportunities and which we feel we can drive a strong return.
Jon Moeller: I am not in any way trying to back hand the answer to that question. But there is really not a lot of significance in either of those. This is Patrice Louvet that you are referring to will be managing those three businesses. He has a strong track-record within the Company. He has managed our fragrance business our Prestige business previously. And he is going to be great going forward.
Jon Moeller: Okay, so overall category growth rate was 2.5% and that’s kind what we’re expecting. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we’re basing our guidance on the current market growth rates we see which are those. I also mention that we are -- sorry I might have not mentioned, but we’re seeing a slight uptick in growth rates in North America which is encouraging. We’re talking share fairly modest and as I have said in other calls, this is tended to be choppy in the past so it’s up one quarter down the next, we’ll see, but that’s a reason to have a degree of hope there. And in terms of where we’re gaining and losing share, generally we’re doing we’re about flat in North America, we’re up a little bit in Europe, we’re down a little bit in a couple of the developing markets and that gets you back to even.
Jon Moeller: First of all those the channels that you mentioned are very relevant channels and they’re growing very quickly and we have as you can imagine deliberate efforts to participate in that growth. Also e-commerce is growing very-very quickly in China it’s about 40% of the growth in the market and we’re very well represented there as well. In terms of the difference between Baby share development in the U.S. and China, first of all we remain by a wide margin the market leader in Baby Care in China. The competitive sets are different between China and the U.S. and as a result, you would expect some different dynamics. But we continue to be very encouraged about the business in both areas and that’s really what I have to say.
Jon Moeller: In terms of where we are, in innings if you will in the execution of the plan, I think we’re in some of the early innings. I think there is a significant. I know that there is a significant productivity opportunity that still stands in front of us. We’ve talked about the redesign of the supply chains. We’ve talked about the portfolio focus which will give us more opportunity to get even more efficient in our overhead approach. So I think there is -- we will accelerate and we’ll exceed the 10 billion and we won’t stop there. I’d see this being characteristic of our opportunities and environment that we’re operating in for the foreseeable future. In terms of the advertising question within that we have tried to say many times, most of the reduction that’s occurring is in non-media spending. And of the 50 basis points that we referenced in our prepared remarks, 40 basis points of that was non-advertising marketing spending. So it’s lower product cost, it’s lower talent cost, it’s more efficient operation, it’s not less advertising and reaching consumers or in any way less effective advertising in reaching consumers. Our objective here is to continue to strengthen the impact of our marketing and advertising efforts while reducing cost that don’t matter to consumers. In terms of the pace of divestitures as we said as AG said in the call last quarter and as I mentioned today, we will do this over an 18 to 24 month period. Quite frankly we are not going to be time-driven we are going to be value-driven. And so it’s hard for me to sit here today and say exactly how long it will take. But we will continue to pursue that at pace. We’d obviously like to get there as soon as it’s practical, but don’t want to compromise value by focusing overly on timing versus quality of execution. And honestly relative to the last part of the question, I think it’s very hard to look at one quarters of results and come to a big conclusion about what’s driving anything. So I would encourage us to kind of take those segment results over a period of three or four quarters to get a better feel for what’s going on.
