Robert A. McDonald: I think the headline of that is that we are all pleased that we are able to move the inflection point of growth a quarter forward from our estimates that we provided at the back-to-school conference, but we also realize that there is more work to do. But I can tell you that the attitude, the morale is up, that we enjoy growth and that we enjoy touching and improving more lives around the world with our products and services. 
Robert A. McDonald: I think you were right I separating the two effects because I think they are very different. On one hand, if you take the geographic effect, it’s really an issue of chronology or timing. It’s the fact that the price increases we took were later in those geographies and also were more substantial in those geographies because of the devaluations. And so as we talked, a lot of the lack of growth this quarter was in our senior region where, for example, in Russia, we had to take at least four price increases -- I’m generalizing now across all of our categories -- at least four price increases throughout the year, the latest being in the fourth fiscal quarter, AMJ. So it is going to take a while to work those increases through and to work through their year-on-year comparison effect. So that’s more a chronology but we see the volume in these regions coming back relatively quickly.  The other point you raised is one that’s more dedicated to category focused on category and basically the more discretionary a category, the longer it’s going to take that category to return to the kind of growth rates that we may have had before the recession. Now you have to mitigate that comment with our innovation program because what we know is if we innovate, we can affect the market growth of the category and certainly all the Procter & Gamble people around the world don’t take macroeconomic as a given. We try to do everything we can to spur market growth since it helps our consumers, it helps our retail partners by increasing their growth and obviously helps us, so we are working very hard to get that market growth going. 
Robert A. McDonald: Because of the rates of advertising spend have been reduced due to the economic weakness, we now see that we are able to deliver more impressions for the same amount of money, and because our innovation program is stronger this year, we talked about 30% more significant innovations this year than last year, the marketing spend tends to follow the innovations as we work to generate trial on those innovations. That’s also why we said that the marketing spend in the last fiscal quarter for us in AMJ will be higher than it was year ago because as we said, our innovation program is largely back-half loaded. So I don’t want to give you the impression that we are out there spending to simply reduce prices on existing items. We are out there supporting an innovation program which is one of the strongest we’ve ever had.  Relative to the competition, frankly we have not -- we obviously track consumer value by category, by country and we have not seen tremendous increases in spending by competitors, and we think that’s right. We think that we should all compete for the consumer based on innovation and the value of those innovations. 
Robert A. McDonald: Let me start and talk about the strategy and then Jon can talk about the impact on margins. As we said, our strategy is to touch and improve more consumer lives in more parts of the world more completely and we talked about a number of innovations we brought to market most recently. Some of them, as you properly have pointed out, have been extending our portfolio down in terms of price. But others, and I’m talking about Pampers there, for example, in Western Europe, which we talked about but others importantly have been extending our portfolio up. We talked about new anti-aging items in Asia on Olay. We talked about Olay Professional, and that obviously has a positive impact on margins, not just a negative impact on margin.  We are going to continue to expand more of our categories into more countries around the world and while you would think that that might be margin dilutive, remember what we talked about, for example, in India where our diaper business has grown 90% and the reason it has grown that much is because we are competing against cloth or no diaper at all, not against some competitor which requires us to spend more money.  So I think as you look at the entire portfolio of activity, what we are about is growth and we are focused on growth. We don’t have a margin goal as such, as we’ve said, but we are focused on growth and so we are going to continue to grow the top line and the bottom line consistent with the guidance that we’ve given. 
Robert A. McDonald: I would also add, as we talked at the back-to-school conference, one of our how-to-win strategies is taking advantage of our scale, is simplifying the organization and its work and is executing with excellence. And as we do those things, we will generate cash and margin accretion and we are working very hard, the entire organization is working very hard to reduce the hierarchy, to improve our business processes, to find savings and ways that we can operate more efficiently that will allow us to invest more in growth and so that’s a big part of the work that we are doing. 
Robert A. McDonald: Relative to the developing market, when AG took over as CEO back in 99-2000, we had a strategy of returning focus to growing in developing markets. We have since refined that strategy to talk more specifically about under-served or un-served consumers around the world because there are many un-served consumers in places like China and India, but there are also under-served consumers like Hispanics or African-Americans in North America. We’ve put together very detailed plans about how we are going to reach those consumers, whether it’s taking the number of categories in China from the current 12 today that lead to $3 per head per year spending on P&G products, to the roughly 25 categories we have in the United States. We have plans. We have them sequenced. We are getting the consumer knowledge. We are building the capacity in order to do that. That’s what we mean when we say touch and improve more consumer lives, more parts of the world, more completely.  And so we have very detailed plans by market, by category to enter these markets as well as to develop a vertical portfolio and horizontal portfolio in all of the markets, so in the end, at the end point of that vision, the whole world should look more like our most developed markets, like the United States where the average consumer spend $100 a year on Procter & Gamble products.  So I think what I would say, it’s an evolution. It’s very, very deliberate and we’ve got the plans in place and that’s what this investment year is about.  Relative to the second half, Jon and I really can't disclose the innovations that we are bringing to market that we haven’t brought to market yet. That would enable our competition. However, we have agreed that as soon as we bring them to market, we will let you know and we will explain to you how it fits into our overall strategy. 
Robert A. McDonald: I think the answer is really that we have had a very strong innovation program in beauty. You saw that in the results of the hair care segment. You saw that also as we talked about the entry of new moisturizing items in Asia. You also saw that when we talked about the introduction of Pro-X and its impact in many markets of the world.  We also outlined the specific countries we entered with many of these things and as you can see, we didn’t enter every country of the world simultaneously, so we have a lot of growth runway ahead of us in expanding these items more broadly.  As we also said, our innovation program gets stronger sequentially through the year, so I think you are going to see even greater innovations from our beauty program moving through the sequential quarters of the year. 
Robert A. McDonald: I don’t really like the term spend back because it sounds like there is some kind of price competition to buy the consumers’ willingness to use our products. I would rather think about it as supporting the innovations that we put in the market so that we properly communicate their differential competitive advantage versus other brands or products, and also so that we get the trial rates that we need on those products so that consumers actually use them.  So in terms of marketing spend, it could be something like -- It could be something like sampling or it could be something like a multi-brand commercial innovation or it could be something like our Pampers Unicef program, where we support the eradication of neo-natal tetanus. Those are the kinds of things that we are investing in in terms of marketing spend. It’s not -- as Jon said, it’s -- if you look at the price corrections we’ve taken, it’s only in 10% of the category country combinations of our business, and that’s really not what we are about. What we are about is touching and improving lives through our innovation. 
Robert A. McDonald: We said in the back to school conference, our focus this fiscal year is profitable share growth, and I underline profitable share growth. 
Robert A. McDonald: Let me start with the second point first -- we are working with many retailers, not just in North America but around the world, as they pursue more efficient assortments in their store. We would agree that most stores have too many SKUs, that they are too crowded and they are hard for our consumers to shop. And consumers have reported to us that the more SKUs that are available, the less choice they believe they have because they can't find their way through them.  So we are supporting the efforts of retailers around the world who are looking for more efficient assortment and as you may understand that a more efficient assortment in store actually benefits the leading brands and so we are obviously focused on making sure all of our brands are strong, that they are considered leading brands, that they fall above the red line any retailer might draw, and that they have adequate shelf space on the shelf in order to meet the traffic that the retailer may have.  It’s probably not surprising to you but our biggest issue isn’t losing shelf space on our brands because of their slow movement -- our biggest issue is having enough shelf capacity for things like weekend traffic and weekend sales so that the retailer never has them out of stock. And oftentimes that out of stock occurs even with the product in the back room, so we are working very hard with retailers to make sure we have the right capacity on the shelf and to make sure we get the right products on the shelf to support shopping at all times.  Relative to razors and blades and laundry, and category growth or decline, I think largely what you are seeing can also be considered somewhat of a base period phenomenon. The markets have been extremely volatile month to month and week to week and oftentimes looking at year-ago comparisons get in the way of really understanding the business. We tend to look more at running rates as well as year-ago and sequential comparisons to understand them.  I don’t see any dramatic fall-off in market size in laundry or blades and razors that would impact our business. We are obviously working to increase market growth because that benefits our retailers and benefits us.  And you may have seen some of our advertising talking about the wear strip on a Fusion blade to indicate when it’s time to change, to talk about how shaving more frequently helps the skin and the appearance of the person and so forth. 
Robert A. McDonald: Yeah, I think that’s an important point. I mean, the fact that our volume rate picked up month to month throughout the quarter and that September was actually a record shipment month and above year ago suggests that the business is strengthening, particularly when you look at that in the context of year-ago comparison for the quarter, where September was somewhat inflated due to some price increases we took in the October period where retailers bought forward to some degree in September. 
Robert A. McDonald: As you can imagine, the work on pricing is never done. I mean, we are always watching value impressions of consumers around the world vis-à-vis competition, so it’s one we have to remain vigilant on. I don’t think you are ever going to see another year like we saw in our last fiscal year where we had to price so many times on so many businesses in so many countries. In my 29 year career, it was certainly the most concentrated pricing we have ever taken, so I don’t think we will ever see something like that again. And certainly as we have tailwinds in commodity costs or in currency, the pressure on pricing will not be there. And we are going to watch the value to make sure we are delivering good consumer value every day, so we can grow market share profitably. 
Jon R. Moeller: In terms of the developing versus developed question, from a sales standpoint developing grew significantly ahead of developed, which is not unexpected given the price increases we took last year that haven’t fully annualized. As you’d expect, that has a negative impact on volume so volume growth in developing markets was somewhat below developed markets. 
Jon R. Moeller: So clearly, Ryan, as we annualize the big crisis quarters, the year-on-year impact, the drag from the discretionary businesses will subside and that should be a source of relative momentum going forward. 
Jon R. Moeller: Well, I think the big question here is what happens to market growth and how sustainable is it. And you can take both sides of the argument. One of the things that has -- that’s tempering our enthusiasm is unemployment, which hasn’t shown signs of moderating yet and obviously to the extent that market growth exceeds their very modest expectations going forward, there should be upside. But it’s just too early to count on that.  In terms of not raising the top-end of the guidance, that does reflect continuing volatility that we do see. Also, it reflects continued strengthening of our plans, as I indicated, behind the back-half innovations. So that’s -- hopefully that helps and we can talk it more later if you are so inclined. 
Jon R. Moeller: And I would just -- you know, it might be counterintuitive but it’s not necessary that the introduction of more value tier offerings, it’s not inherently margin dilutive and let me explain that. First, if you look at categories where we have a strong value tier position, baby care with Luvs, feminine care with Naturele, our tissue tower with Charmin and Value Basics, these are businesses with very attractive margins that have continued to build margins sequentially year-on-year.  Second, we build in activity systems that support lower prices on value tier offerings and we try to create -- try to attract new consumers, so it’s not just -- the price isn’t different in isolation but also the product and the performance promise are different, and as we attract new consumers into the franchise, we build scale which reduces costs and can have a positive impact on margin.  Last, the existence of value-tier offerings often gives us additional pricing flexibility behind innovation on the premium end of the portfolio, so that while the value tier offering is -- has a lower margin, the total proposition is margin accretive.  The last point on operating margin sequence, this quarter will likely be a high in terms of year-on-year progress on margin. That’s really driven primarily by the base period dynamics and the big year-on-year commodity helps that we have in the current quarter. 
Jon R. Moeller: And obviously given the strong innovation program we have for the full fiscal year and particularly in the back half, it’s appropriate for us to increase the level of investment. We’ve been very transparent since back last May that that is what we are going to be doing for the reasons that Bob described.  I don’t want though people to be confused about our understanding of our long-term need to generate earnings growth as well as sales growth. We are very cognizant on delivering a total shareholder return that investors will find attractive. 
Jon R. Moeller: The quarter comparisons on a couple of categories you mentioned, Jason, are also tough simply because a number of the steps that we have taken that we know will restore growth were taken at the very end of the quarter. So for example, the price reduction on Sheer in North America, while we announced it earlier, isn’t effective until October. The Excel gel initiative that we are rolling across Europe is just hitting markets and consumers as we speak. So we are -- we’ve got plans in place, we understand we need to get those categories growing and we are confident we can. 
