Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Bob McDonald, and Teri List are joining me this morning. I'll begin today's call with a summary of our first quarter results, and Teri will provide highlights of the results in some of our largest product categories. I'll provide a brief update on our strategies and focus areas, and I'll conclude the call with guidance for fiscal year 2012 and the December quarter. Based on your feedback, we're taking a slightly different approach towards the business segment portion of the call. We'll provide all of the information you have historically received through the press release we issued this morning, and slides, we'll post to our website, pg.com, following the call. This will allow us to streamline the business presentation during the call to focus on our largest categories, those which have the biggest impacts on company results. Our objectives is to provide more context on these key businesses, as well as to allow more time to discuss matters of strategic importance and to answer your questions.  We're trying to be responsive with this approach to your request. Please let us know what you think about these changes. We'll, of course, take questions after our prepared remarks, and we'll be available following the call to provide additional perspective as needed. The first quarter was a good quarter, putting us on track to deliver our full plan for the year. Top line results came in strong, with organic sales growth of 4% at the high end of our guidance range. Progress was broad-based, with every segment growing organic sales in the quarter. Global market share, on a constant-currency-value basis was essentially in line with prior-year levels and was in line or higher in business representing about 60% of global sales. We held or grew share in 3 of 5 regions, 11 of our top 15 countries, 4 of our 6 reporting segments and on $15 billion of our $24 billion brands. Organic volume growth was 2%, an impressive outcome given the amount of pricing we took in the quarter. As we noted last quarter, we saw about one percentage point of volume and sales growth pulled from this quarter into the prior quarter due to price increases taken in the June-July timeframe. Adjusting for this volume and sales shift between quarters, our underlying growth momentum is somewhat stronger than the 2% volume and 4% organic sales result. Volume and sales growth accelerated as the quarter progressed, with an all-time record shipment month in September. Pricing contributed 4% to organic sales growth and was up in all 6 reporting segments.  Mix reduced sales by one point due to a combination of geographic and product mix changes. All-in sales growth was 9%, including a 5% benefit from foreign exchange. Our bottom line results were also consistent with our expectations. Earnings per share were $1.03, up 1% versus the prior year and toward the high end of our guidance range. Earnings per share growth was driven mainly by solid sales growth, cost savings and the benefit of share repurchase. These items were offset by higher commodity costs and marketing investments.  Gross margin declined 240 basis points. The combination of pricing, cost savings and fixed cost leverage improved gross margin by roughly 260 basis points. These benefits were more than offset by a 340 basis point negative impact from higher commodity and energy costs and 160 basis point negative impact from the combination of mix and foreign exchange.  SG&A costs were up slightly as the benefit from sales growth leverage were offset by higher marketing investments. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.2%, consistent with our going-in expectations. We generated $1.3 billion dollars in free cash flow. The first quarter is typically our lightest cash-generation quarter of the year. Beyond this cyclical dynamic, capital spending increased due to our investments in new manufacturing capacity to support our innovation and geographic expansion program. Also, inventory levels increased due to higher commodity costs and ahead of new innovation launches such as Tide PODS, which will come to market in February.  We returned nearly $2.8 billion of cash to shareholders this quarter, more than 90% of net earnings via dividends and share repurchase. We repurchased about $1.3 billion of stock in the quarter, and we paid $1.5 billion in dividends. At the current annualized dividend of $2.10 per share, our dividend yield is approximately 3.2%.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Teri to review some of the highlights of our business results.
Jon R. Moeller: First, I'd say, marketing spending, as you rightly point up -- out, John, is up 24% over the last 2 fiscal years. So there's significance strength in that program. We're planning on increases again this year, albeit more in line with sales growth, as opposed to ahead of sales growth. And we're committed to that spend. And we have a very exciting initiative program in the back half, which we will support. What gives us confidence in what you referred to as the hockey stick or the improved results in the back half are the things I mentioned earlier on the call, namely, the full year impact of pricing, and pricing is going very well right now. Second, commodity cost comparisons would be much easier in the second half, and there'll be a tailwind by the end of the year. And then, third, our ongoing cost and productivity efforts should accelerate as we go through the year.
Jon R. Moeller: I would just add 2 things. One is, we're early in this game still, and so there's no reason to change course. The other thing that I think is important is the geographies -- country/category combinations that Bob mentioned are -- he mentioned 4 country/category combinations across the entire portfolio of hundreds of country/category combinations. And in general, as is evidenced by the strength of the market shares, we're in pretty good shape.
Jon R. Moeller: Sure, Nik, this is Jon. And I'm going to apologize, but I neglected to answer, I'll call it part 2 instead of question 2 of Bill's question. Let me do that first, and then we'll answer your question Nick. Bill, I apologize. Relative to restructuring, it -- this will significantly accelerate our progress. It doesn't get us fully to where our end point is. But we'll continue restructuring the business as we have. And we're very confident that we'll get there over the right period of time, and that we'll make dependable progress each year. I'll turn it over to Bob to answer your question, Nik.
Jon R. Moeller: And I would just add one point, Nik, which is not all, but a significant number of these expansions over the last 18 months occurred in the BRIC markets. And I mentioned in my remarks that we're growing the business 15% in those markets cumulatively, which is certainly emblematic of continued success, that's about 6 points ahead of market growth rate that we saw in the last quarter of 9% in those markets.
Jon R. Moeller: First of all, you rightly mentioned, we should be able to price in many cases to be able to help mitigate these currency impacts. Having said that, you're also right, this is a negative development in our forecast since we last talked. But we've worked hard on the cost savings and productivity pieces of this, and we still feel comfortable with our guidance range.
Jon R. Moeller: I also think, Wendy, that -- I mean, you know our philosophy of this in the past, and that hasn't changed which is, we're not going to follow short-term fluctuations in either commodities or currency out the window to the detriment of the execution of our strategy. We are going to execute our strategy consistent, consistent with the answer to John's question earlier. But we just feel comfortable at this point that we can do that and deliver somewhere within that range.
Jon R. Moeller: Okay, I think there were about 30 questions there. But let me start with some of the quarter dynamics, and then we'll get to your question on restructuring. You mentioned a margin compression in the quarter, that's absolutely correct. Operating margins were down 260 basis points, more than 100% of that 340 basis points, is our year-on-year commodity impacts, which should neutralize, assuming current spot prices, as we get to the back part of the year. So a part of the evolution in operating profit growth is, as you say, timing, as we wait for those commodity costs to roll over. At the same time, we are being, as Bob mentioned, more focused on cost and productivity. I think that the question of how much we should spend on restructuring is not really so much -- is not the best question. And I apologize, if that came out the wrong way. But the right question is, what's the endpoint? And we are committed to be best-in-class in overhead cost structure within our industry. We feel we have plans to get there. We want to do that in a way that doesn't disrupt the business that enables us to execute the strategy that we've been discussing, but still makes measured year-on-year progress.
Jon R. Moeller: Joe, overhead in the quarter was down 20 to 30 basis points. And then that was offset by increases in marketing spending. In prior quarters, we've been down significantly more than that, so it's a bit lumpy by quarter, but I would expect quarter-on-quarter progress on overhead as a percentage of sales. Relative to market growth, this is a market growth in value terms since July-September quarter. Global market growth was around 4% based upon our geographic mix of business. Developed markets grew about 1% and developing markets continued solid growth of about 9%. For the year -- for the fiscal year, we expect global market value growth of 3% to 4%. This assumes developed markets grow 1% to 2% and developing markets grow 6% to 8%. We're expecting essentially no growth in developed markets on a volume basis with any value growth being driven by higher pricing in our categories. So if you look at the last quarter from a P&G growth standpoint, we grew in both developed and developing, but the growth was very modest in developed, most of the growth from developing.
Jon R. Moeller: Well, first, I would mention that part of the reason that commodities are spiking this morning is because of the currency dynamics, and a lot of the global commodities are denominated in dollars. And so typically, when we see a commodity health, we typically have a currency hurt. Typically, when we see a commodity hurt, we typically have a currency health. So those things don't completely offset each other, but they are very interrelated. The other thing I would say is just given the inventories, both in raw materials and finished products, if things move right now, it will be 6 months in large part -- things like diesel would be sooner than that, but generally about 6 months before those items would start rolling through the income statement. So there's not a ton of risk though, clearly, there is some as the year progresses.
Jon R. Moeller: If you go back to the our Analyst Day materials which are -- which continue to be on our website, you can see a dementalization of the type of opportunity we think is possible here, in terms of dollars. Having said that, we are truly committed to best-in-class and that best-in-class bogey doesn't stand still. So there are -- it's a significant effort that's underway. The timeframe that we talked about is through '15, '16. Again, as Bob mentioned, we don't want to do this in a way that's disruptive. We have significant growth opportunities in front of us, and we want to realize those, while at the same time working very dependably and reliably on increasing productivity.
Jon R. Moeller: There was a general strengthening, as we went through the quarter. And it's not surprising, given the pricing dynamics, typically takes us kind of 3 to 6 months both for competitors to follow and for our consumers to digest the new pricing. And so we saw positive developments on both of those fronts as we went through the quarter. I wouldn't attribute it to any specific initiative or geography. It's broad-based.
Jon R. Moeller: Yes, was a little bit. And, of course, we operate in different categories so that can explain the difference. But I've been a little bit surprised by some of the competitive comments on this front. I would just echo what Bob said, we really haven't seen a dramatic change.
Jon R. Moeller: And importantly, to the extent that we're bringing innovation to these markets, generally to the markets are growing. So it's not just a share gain, it's a market growth dynamic, and that's a significant source of growth, if we do it right. So it's not, as Bob said, and in some of his earlier remarks, it's not 0 sum. Relative to operating margin, not only in the second half, but on the fiscal year, we expect positive operating margin growth. I mean, there's no way you can get to our guidance numbers, given the first quarter results and our second quarter guidance, without assuming significant margin accretion in the second half.
Jon R. Moeller: Let me just handle the housekeeping question first, and I'll turn it over to Bob. And what I'd suggest Alice is that you call John Chevalier after the call, and he can help you with any housekeeping that's needed.
Jon R. Moeller: And I think on the question of sustainable developing market growth, we're really on the cusp of something here that's pretty exciting. When you talk about the formation of 250 million middle-income households in China in the next 10 years, you combine that economic reality that's true across the developing markets with the aspiration levels of these societies and you’re at the beginning, potentially, of a significant growth in trade-up cycle that I don't see the near-term into.
Jon R. Moeller: So we're going to close out the call at this point. I want to thank everybody for joining. We're very happy, again, with our first quarter. We think, particularly, given the pricing that we took that both the top line and the market share, indicative of success in that regard. And we continue to be confident in our fiscal year guidance range. I would encourage you to go to our website to access the slides that I mentioned earlier, which will give you more detail on the segment results. And if you have any feedback for us on that presentation or the structure of our interaction, please let us know. Thank you very much.
Robert A. McDonald: John, I also think that our top line growth this quarter -- this past quarter of 9% and 4% is evidence that we're working against our purpose and our purpose-inspired growth strategy. Our purpose is to improve lives, and we know we need to do that by shipping product. We've turned that into a growth strategy, and Jon talked about it in his remarks, more consumers, more parts of the world, more completely. And as you know, from our analyst conference here in Cincinnati, we laid out for you detailed plans through 2015, '16 that would get us into the top third of our peer group in total shareholder return. We are on track with those plans, and we're not going to deviate from those plans. And we're trying to deal with the volatility we have externally and still deliver those plans. And I think what you see this quarter is that we're on track.
Robert A. McDonald: Lauren, this is Bob. Obviously, we are taking price increases. We are about -- through about 2/3 of the price increases we're taking this fiscal year. As Jon said, the customer retailer response has been positive. Generally, the competitive response has been positive, following our leadership in taking those price increases. As Jon also said, we're growing share or holding market share in 60% of our business globally. But as you indicated, Jon did identify a couple of category country combinations, where competition has chosen, at least in the short term, not to follow. We talked about in the U.K. Hair Care category, Unilever did a buy 2, get 1 free across 65% of its Hair Care business. In U.K. laundry, where we've been growing share, we've seen Unilever's volume sold on deal go up above 80%. In U.S., auto dish Reckitt's not increased prices, we've been growing share there. And in U.S. laundry, Church & Dwight average powder pricing is flat, and liquid pricing have actually declined, where as we've increased prices. We're going to continue follow through on the pricing that we've taken, and we're confident that we will continue to get the right value equation with our consumers and continue to hold or grow share.
Robert A. McDonald: Yes, and these -- all these 4 areas where we've grown a substantial amount of share. We're up about 55% share in U.K. laundry, the home market of a competitor. So I mean, the situation is understandable.
Robert A. McDonald: Remember, Bill, our long-term goal continues to be, to be in the top third of our peer group in total shareholder return, that has not changed.
Robert A. McDonald: Nik, generally, as a headline, I would say that in all of the places we have entered category white spaces, country/category combinations, of which, as you recall, we laid out that there are 250 new category/country combinations we're entering from 2009 to 2015, '16. All of them continue to be on track, or above our expectation. And examples would be, if you look at our Oral Care business, for example, the expansion of Oral-B paste in Brazil, as Jon talked about, we're now over a 10% share in the channels where we compete, 5.5% share nationally, trial and repeat rates continue to trend well above target. In June, the leading business publication, in their annual ranking and most valuable brands in Brazil, ranked Oral-B in the top 10 for the first time ever. And our primary competitor wasn't even ranked. We've grown share there now for 10 consecutive quarters since we launched. So I mean, I could go on and on, but we purposely set up these plans in a relative -- relatively conservative way, estimating what we think the competitive response will be so we can make sure we deliver results consistent with our -- with the progress that we want to make.
Robert A. McDonald: We know that the consumer is very sensitive in these economic times to innovation. We've seen that as we launch things like Crest 3D White, Downy Unstoppables, Fusion ProGlide. When we get it right, when we get the consumer segmentation right, when we get the innovation right, consumers are looking for these kinds of innovations to improve their lives. I think when you look at Tide PODS, it's helpful to look at the dish category and to look at what we've done with unit dose in the dish category. Now, all unit dose is not created equal. Our unit dose has a proprietary technology, proprietary film technology, proprietary liquid technology, proprietary making technology that can't be copied. That results in a holistic innovation that we know consumers love. For example, over 90% of consumers who have tried Tide PODS described a significantly better experience. When you look at the other dish category, we estimate that Tide PODS can grow to about 30% of the market. It's the most concentrated form of laundry detergent you can get, so it's better for the environment, it's better for space and consumers' homes. It has great, great cleaning performance. Everybody wins with Tide PODS. So our expectation is, over time, you'll see it grow to about 30% of the category. We're launching initially, as Jon said, in February in United States, but obviously, we're going to take it global as quickly as possible, and it will be a major platform on which we will build in the future.
Robert A. McDonald: Wendy, I'm very encouraged way that work that we've been around improving the productivity of our company. This has been a leadership effort that our leaders have driven throughout the organization to find ways to flatten the organization, to allow people to operate with greater agility. And I think as we continue digging, we're finding more and more potential to improve the operations of the company, to shift our center of gravity more to where the growth is, where the babies are being born in Asia, in Africa, Latin America and to clean up some of the complexity which we inherited when we made a number of acquisitions in prior years. So I think there's a lot of potential there, and I think it's something that we simply have to do, and this demonstrates our confidence in being able to do that.
Robert A. McDonald: And while we're -- as Jon said, while our goal and plan leads to best-in-class in the industry, it's a scale-adjusted best-in-class. So we're not giving ourselves the advantage of scale. I think the only thing you have to remember too, Ali -- and I know you know this is, as we are restructuring the business all over the world and in different ways, we're also in the process of one of the largest expansions of the business in the history of the company. We have roughly 20 plants under construction right now. As I said earlier, we're putting a new baby diaper line somewhere in the world every 4 weeks. We have to hire the people to run those factories too. And while we hire fewer people to run those factories -- because today for the average factory we have, we're producing 25 over 25 million cases a year versus when I joined the company, we were producing about 7 million cases per factory per year. We do have to staff those operations in the parts that we're growing. So it's not an, either/or, it's an and, and we're trying to get the balance right to be best-in-class on scale-adjusted on the cost side in order to be top third of our peer group in total shareholder return. We think we've got the balance right, and time will prove that.
Robert A. McDonald: In terms of consumer spending, we really don't see much difference today versus what we've been seeing since about 2008, which is in the developed markets, you have a bifurcation, you have on the high end, people with their incomes continue to expend, growing very strongly and continuing to spend on premium products. I think the success of our Crest 3D White, which is a premium-priced product is evidence of that. I think the demand, which caused us to delay the launch of Tide PODS is evidence of that. Innovation is very attractive to these people. On the other end, you've got the people who are unemployed or seeking employment, and they continue to find ways -- try to find ways to cope. Interestingly, that is either by shifting the channel or by shifting the brand and that's one of the reasons it's so important for us to have a vertical portfolio of brands from -- let's take U.S. laundry as an example. From Tide Total Care on the high end, which is an index of 160 versus regular Tide in price, and as the amalgamation of the world's very best technology we have to clean clothes and also care for fabrics, to on the lowest end, Era, which is an index of 60 versus regular Tide in price, which is sufficient cleaning for like an empty-nested family without a lot of soil on their clothes. And that's one of the reasons our strategy necessitate to us getting our portfolio -- vertical portfolio right, as Jon talked about in his remarks, in every single country. In developing markets, we're continuing to see strong growth. As I said earlier in answer to Joe's question, developing market growth of 9% on average is really strong and it's above the 8%, historically, we had seen in prior consecutive quarters. So, developing markets are continuing to grow very strongly. And as we continue to roll out our 250 new category combinations in country white spaces, we're taking advantage of that growth. That's why of the 20 new plants or so that we have under construction right now, 19 are in developing markets. So it's a key potential for our growth, because we have a much lower footprint -- lesser footprint today than virtually any of our international competitors in developing markets. So our growth potential in those markets is quite higher, and we want to realize that.
Robert A. McDonald: I think it's also important, Bill, to realize that we're working very hard to find substitutes for raw materials that have volatility in price. Not that we would move to the substitute wholesale, but what we want to do is have the ability to replace materials that spike in price. And tonight, for example, we got our major suppliers in the Cincinnati from around the world. And one of the things I'm talking to them about is the application of our R&D spend, which is $2 billion -- over $2 billion a year, 50% more than our next largest competitor. And a lot of those PhDs that we have are working to find substitutes for oil-based chemicals and other chemicals, which are not renewable. We want to get to 100% use of renewable ingredients for our products, and we're working very hard on that. So over time, you're going to see a dislocation between the price of oil and our cost of goods sold.
Robert A. McDonald: Well, in Teri's remarks, when she talked about blades and razors, I think she talked about the fact that we're going to be supporting our entire vertical portfolio of razors and blades. We've been doing this. We've been doing it in Asia. We've been doing it in Latin America. We've been successful against new entrants, both new systems as well as new disposables. And basically, that is the way we operate our businesses. We have a full portfolio of products, and we support each one of those products against its starter consumer group, with marketing support. And so we're going to be doing that. We have a great portfolio in razors and blades, everything from Fusion ProGlide on the top to terrific disposables, which are superior to competition on the bottom, all of which will be supported with their relevant consumer market segment.
Robert A. McDonald: Jason, we actually work with retailers around the world to help them reduce their inventory, while at the same time, reducing ours. We work with them as partners to reduce the total inventory in the supply chain in order to free up cash for them to make their stores more shoppable, increase their sales. And for us, to get the cash out of our supply chain in order that we can pay our dividends and buy back our stock, I've not seen anything extraordinary relative to the work on supply chain inventory, other than what does occur. And it's obvious, which is in the last month of any quarter, depending upon the quarter, our retailers used to close the month they used to close their quarter. They work to get their inventory down particularly low during that month. But fortunately, all of our retailers have different fiscal years and different quarter structures, so you really don't see that as a onetime event.
Robert A. McDonald: Tim, on your first question, it's really not a variable of time or even competitive company. It's more a variable of consumer market segmentation. So, for example, when you launch something like Crest 3D White, let's take North America as an example, you're targeting that toward beauty-conscious oral care consumers. Now they're, obviously, health-conscious oral care consumers, and they like Crest Pro-Health. And Crest Pro-Health then grows amongst that consumer group, taking business from those consumers who want a health offering, but find that the competitive help offering isn't quite up to the standard they want. In the case of 3D White, it comes from the beauty care consumer, and there've been brands in the marketplace -- competitors in the marketplace, offering a beauty care solution that frankly hasn't worked. And so we look at it on a consumer-group basis rather than on a period-of-time basis or a competitive-company basis. Well, whether or not we hold those, the answer is yes. And again, it comes back to, how tightly is your -- how knowledgeable are you in your consumer segmentation, how tightly is your brand offering targeted against that consumer segmentation and how innovative is your product and marketing to deliver the benefit that consumer groups look for? When you look at 3D White regimen, for example, the 3D White regimen alone has contributed 3 share points to P&G's market-leading value share of 38% in the U.S. So it demonstrates that, yes, this is something the consumer wanted, and yes, it's doing extremely well and we continue to grow share over time. Another example would be Fusion razor and blades, which has grown shares since it was launched, and we'll continue to grow share. Another example is Pantene in Brazil -- or Oral Care in Brazil. These things grow share over long periods of time.
Robert A. McDonald: Well, relative to razors and blades, yes, we do have innovation in the U.S. Fusion share in the U.S. now is about 36%, which is up one versus a year ago, and we remain the market leader with blades and razors at about 73% share. I think we can grow that a lot more. And I think we can grow that a lot more with better marketing and more trial of ProGlide, as an example. We are innovating all across the spectrum of razors and blades. In fact, one of our fastest-growing razors and blade items is Gillette Guard, which we launched in India, which is the lowest-priced system that's available with replacement blades at about INR 5. It's off to a great start, and we will be expanding that around the world. So again, the way we think about innovation is we innovate through each discrete consumer segment all along that price or value-tiered portfolio. And as Jon said earlier, our after-tax margin in developing markets are roughly equal to our after-tax margins in developed markets. So we're doing that in such a way that our -- it is accretive to profit, and it is at about the same profit margin.
Robert A. McDonald: The way we think about it, Mark, is that, do we have a right to win? And what's the return on investment? So, for example, in Oral Care, we have a unique moment in time where we've acquired the Oral-B business, the leading brush business in the world. We have a formula called Pro-Health or Pro-Santé or Pro-Expert, depending upon the market you're in, which is the very best toothpaste formula you can make for a health-conscious consumer. It's the only one that deals with all 7 signs that an oral care professional looks for. And we were able to figure out how to cost save that formula substantially, which lowers the breakeven point and increases the return on investment when we launch it. At the same time, we've developed new flavor technology which gives us a competitive advantage versus the leading brand in every market. And we figured out how to segment the consumer in such a way to be able to take advantage of the fact that there are health-conscious consumers, there are beauty-conscious consumers. We address the beauty conscious consumers with 3D White. We address the health-conscious consumers with the Pro-Health. We address the basic consumers, consumers looking for a basic offering in Complete. And that consumer segmentation is a competitive advantage, because, for example, we are a beauty company, we know beauty, and we're able to offer 3D White product that our competition probably didn't think about, until we had already launched it. So it's an intersection of a number of the things that prove our right to win and a high ROI, and that's why we go for it.
Robert A. McDonald: John, generally what we -- when we talk about the right to win, we look at the Procter & Gamble company's 5 strengths. Those 5 strengths are innovation. Do we have a winning innovation? Their branding. Do we have a winning brand, marketing approach? Go-to-market. Are we able to reach the consumers we want to reach? And as you know, we're trying to add 200 million new consumers to the Procter & Gamble franchise every year. We're up to 4.4 billion consumers in the world using a Procter & Gamble product, at least one each year. We want to get to 5 billion consumers by the year 2015. We've been successful in adding 200 million a year since 2009 when we were at 3.8 billion consumers. Global scale. Do we have global scale? I talked about the importance of the Oral-B brush business to give us a oral care platform around the world. I think I've covered -- and customer knowledge. Do we have the right consumer knowledge, which leads to competitive advantage in consumer segmentation that I described earlier? The interesting about consumer segmentation is the company that figures out consumer segmentation and innovates to that segmentation generally wins, and the company that does that generally is the one with scale. So, for example, let's take Family Care in the United States. In Family Care in the United States, we've got the Charmin brand, we have a soft version of Charmin, we have a strong version of Charmin. We have a lotion version of Charmin. We have a basic version of Charmin. No one competitor is large enough to have that consumer knowledge. We spend $400 million a year on consumer knowledge. We spend $2 billion a year on research and development. No competitive -- competitor can match that segmentation. No competitor can design the technology to meet the consumer need in that segmentation. That is a competitive advantage that leads to share growth and profit growth over time.
