Jon Moeller: A stronger top line definitely provides greater operating leverage, as you rightly point out. We had about 50 points of -- 50 basis points of leverage within the gross margin improvement of 190 basis points. And we had an additional 180 basis points of sales leverage between gross and operating. So, 230 basis points overall against a margin improvement on an operating level of 260 basis points. And I think that's – generally, if we grow the rule of thumb is if we grow 4%, we should have 50 basis points to 75 basis points of leverage. That increases pretty significantly as we move up the curve beyond 4% and you saw that in the quarter we just completed. Productivity continues to be a significant focus area. Some of our savings are backloaded as we go through this year. But again, they'll be comping significantly higher earnings numbers in the base periods. There are still very large opportunities in front of us: efficiencies in media, efficiencies in organization design, significant savings as we bring on fully the product supply transformation and big opportunities top and bottom line from increasing digitization of our efforts all around.
Jon Moeller: Thanks Jason. We do expect to -- we've seen -- the underlying market growth rates there has been a price component as you rightly point out that should annualize itself as you rightly point out. But there's also been an increase in the volume component of market growth. So we are seeing an increase on the margin and market growth in the units. And that should continue as we progress forward. In terms of our own top line algorithm, price was one point of the seven in the quarter. So if you assume that completely annualizes that's one point impact.
Jon Moeller: That was Russia, Brazil, China. Generally, Steve across the board, we are seeing continued consumer strength. And generally across the board, we are seeing the levels of healthy competition that you would generally expect. If I take the markets in question. China we were up 13% in the quarter. Market growth rates continued to be strong. It's a very competitive environment always has been, likely will be for the foreseeable future just given the opportunity and the size of price. And that's both local competition and multinational competition. But we haven't seen any significant uptick in the levels of competition. It's always on always strong in a market like China. The consumer in China continues to respond to premium innovation that performs in categories where performance drives brand choice and we see that time and time again on both sides of the ledger. In terms of the other markets that you mentioned, consumer demand in Brazil continues to be strong and respond to strong innovation. But it's -- I would describe it as more volatile and more fickle than for example China. Our growth rates in Brazil vary pretty dramatically by quarter but generally continue to be strong. In the quarter we just completed we grew 2% in Brazil. But prior to that we were growing at significantly higher rates; I don't view that 2% as a slowdown in consumer as much as I do just inherent variability and volatility of that business. And Russia continues to perform as well. We grew the business 5% in the quarter in Russia. From a competitive standpoint, again those markets are very strong as it relates to competition, nothing specific to note.
Jon Moeller: First, as it relates to sustainability of the results. Comp issues aside and the comp issues are -- or the comp dynamic is obviously real and prevalent and increasingly prevalent as we progress through the fiscal year. We've really tried to ensure two things are an inherent part of how we think about the business and operate the business and both lend themselves to sustainability of results over the long-term. The first is balance across the top and bottom line. I think you saw in the quarter that we just reported, it's a very balanced quarter in terms of strong growth on both. And to the extent that we can continue to deliver both, which we're committed to do the overall value creation result becomes much more sustainable. We've witnessed periods of time in our company and certainly within the industry and adjacent industries where the focus has disproportionately shifted, for example, to the bottom line. That is not a sustainable strategy in our view. And we've seen instances certainly in our own experience where focus has shifted disproportionately to the top line, which also is not a sustainable strategy in our view. So the balancing of the top and bottom line does lead to an expectation of more sustainable value creation delivery. The second piece is probably even more important and that is how we’re thinking about sources of growth. And we're really trying as part of our superiority strategy to source growth through creation of business in the marketplace by driving market growth. That is a much more sustainable and generally more profitable way to drive our business. We’re creating business not taking business from others. And when you are the driver of market growth, you will mathematically build share. So those two concepts are not incongruent. They're in complete congruence. And the question is how do you most sustainably and profitably build share? And we're now contributing to market growth at rates above our market share, which is exactly where we want to be, but that's important to the dynamics that I just described. It's also much more meaningful and relevant to our retail partners. They frankly could care less about P&G market share gains. What they care about is the overall market basket and the margins that they earn on that basket. So both of those focuses from a business model standpoint should conceptually increase the sustainability of our results. We'll have to demonstrate that in the marketplace. But certainly over the last five quarters if you look at the top line 4%, 4%, 5%, 7%, 7% doesn't guarantee anything in the future but it's been sustainable progress at least for a period of time. Relative to pricing, we -- I want to be careful on commenting on future pricing activities. What I would say is that to date, we feel good about the pricing that we've taken both as it relates to commodities and as it relates to foreign exchange and some of the developing markets. But that's something we look at on a category country basis every morning when we make up, and we'll adjust as we need to. Relative to the source of volume growth, I mentioned a significant portion of our growth is coming through creation of new business. There is as well and you're right to point out increase in distribution as you would expect given the demonstrated ability to grow markets for our retail partners. But those two things are not separable. And we've talked previously about the retail view of P&G, which has improved significantly, earning top consumer, products manufacturer at Walmart, really across the board and increasing – you saw the Advantage Monitor, survey where we're number one in our industry across all metrics that are measured and number one by a significant margin. We need to keep improving that. That's not any guarantee for success tomorrow but it is one of the reasons coupled with demonstrated ability to grow markets in many categories that we are increasing the level of distribution. And I don't see that as a step-function curve. I think it has room to continue to grow. Obviously to the extent that we demonstrate the same dynamic across more categories that's another driver of future growth.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Dara. You've certainly heard and not surprisingly competition talking about reinvesting in their businesses. I think that's driven by two things. One is the turnover of a generation of leadership in many of our competitive set. And two is the result situation that, we've been talking about together here this morning. We have not seen anything destructive in a mass aggregate scale in the market place from a competitive standpoint. We operate in very competitive industries so that doesn't change. But there hasn't been a step-function increase for example in the level of volume that's being sold on promotion. There has been increased initiative activity innovation driven. That's generally constructive for market growth. So we support that and we'll see. I do expect generally competition to increase as we continue going through the fiscal year. And remember, the time that exist between when you state an intent and when you can actually execute in the market is not short. It's relatively long, just given shelf set dynamics at retail, execution dynamics associated with for example innovation. So I wouldn't say that, we've seen everything that we're going to see. We're in a better position to deal with that than we've been in a long time given increasing percentage of our sales that are superior from a product package communication go-to-market standpoint. We still have work to do, which is why we're going to continue to invest and fund that through productivity. And that's our best defense.
Jon Moeller: Laundry had a very strong quarter, up 8% driven by momentum really across the globe. We continue to advance the premium segment both laundry and fabric enhancers. Global value share was up about 0.5 point. Our growth on those premium segments, which include single-unit dose and scent beads, was high-teens and that's – that's really e-commerce sales up almost 50%. So, really what we're seeing there is innovation-driven, superiority-driven, market-growth-accretive growth, which to the point of the earlier question I expect would be sustainable at some level. And that's what I think about when I think about the laundry and fabric enhancer's category not a specific competitive dynamic. We continue to grow the paper businesses at very high levels in aggregate. And that segment, because of its – those segments because of their capital intensity are a little bit more responsive from a competitive dynamic standpoint to a variety of factors. But again, I would characterize the landscape as innovation-driven superiority-driven market-accretive growth. Think about – let's take one of those businesses Feminine Care as an example. Feminine Care in a quarter we grew 7% and that's composed of both strong growth on our base feminine protection business and high-teens level growth on our adult incontinence business. And we had an objective as we entered that category to source our growth through increased market growth. And we essentially doubled the rate of market growth for the adult incontinence category across the geographies where we've entered. So, again that is the predominance or the character of the landscape and the growth drivers as I see it.
Jon Moeller: In terms of predicting any kind of consumer acceleration or consumer slowdown, we really – we aren't in that business. There are many things that can affect consumer confidence that are things we wouldn't even have the ability to anticipate today, certain geopolitical events, certain political developments within a country, et cetera. So your guess is as good as ours in terms of what market growth does going forward. We have seen no signs of weakness. We have seen continued sequential improvement on the margin. But that can change pretty quickly as we've all witnessed during our lifetimes. We are better positioned today for several reasons to deal with a downturn than we were for example in 2007, 2008. Number one, we are largely out of highly discretionary categories. This was part and parcel of our thinking as we moved to daily-use categories, categories that consumers are much less likely to go without on a daily basis. Generally, we don't see consumers stopping laundry or shampooing or conditioning or feminine protection during a recession. To your point, they may trade down and I'll come to that in a second. But from a category standpoint and a portfolio composition standpoint, we are much better positioned than we were previously. That's number one. Number two, as we've been talking about throughout this call, we are much better positioned from a brand advantage standpoint. The products performing at noticeable levels of superiority in terms of meeting very important consumer needs and desires. And that is a major contributor to the overall value equation that consumers use as they assess their brand choice. There are two portfolio matters: So we've moved not only into daily-use categories but into categories where performance drives brand choice. And we're continuing to invest to build that advantage which is no guarantee but does increase the resilience of the portfolio to headwinds from a consumer standpoint. Third, we've worked to improve the pricing ladders, the availability of product at different price points, different pack sizes. That also is not a guarantee. But you put all of that together, again no guarantees but we're in a much better place. We will use tools like value messaging, like pack sizes, like performance messaging to ensure that if there is a downturn, we're as best positioned for consumers who are in a pinch.
Jon Moeller: We want to be SKU efficient and have the right assortment at the shelf both in terms of serving the consumer and in terms of the right turnover for our retail partners. Nothing has really changed in that context. Relative to the trade inventory situation, I think we mentioned on the last call, a slight increase in inventories across the retail channel not consistently but in aggregate to support the things that you are describing as well as a commitment from a delivery standpoint to have product available for consumers on shorter and shorter notice, which requires higher inventories. In the quarter that we just – that – we saw that dynamic in the fourth quarter of last year. Those inventory levels have generally remained but we haven't seen any significant change.
Jon Moeller: That's a big question, Olivia. I'll do my best. First, every category needs to be working to create additional sources of market growth within their – within the definitions of their existing category and in adjacencies relative to their existing category and that's going to be the predominant source of our growth. And whether that's a fabric enhancer, bead execution, whether that's a laundry single-unit dose execution both of which have significantly inflected market growth rates just as two examples. Some of the initiatives in our Beauty business are doing the same efforts in Power Oral Care as a way to grow markets really across the world. So that is a continuation of what we've been trying to do. And then we've added to that what we call PG Ventures, which is a innovation effort outside of existing categories and we brought products to market like Zevo, which is a natural insecticide. We're working across five or six pretty exciting opportunities that have come out of PG Ventures. That reports to Mary Lynn Ferguson. So it doesn't report into each and every category like she coordinates those efforts for us along with our outside venture partners. From a overall standpoint, whether it's internal innovation to drive superiority to drive market growth or innovation in P&G Ventures, we're operating much more through the lens of lean innovation which simplistically we could spend a day on that. But simplistically is designed to deliver faster, better learning, more shots on goal to increase the chance of breaking through and really having something meaningful to bring to market.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Kevin. The tracked number as you know was effectively 3% in the U.S. for the quarter. And as you cited, the overall number was about 6%. That delta is almost entirely due to faster growth rates in non-tracked channels. I mentioned global growth from a e-commerce standpoint at 30%. So customers like Amazon are growing at higher rates than some others. But also for example the club channel is growing at rates that are above the rate of market growth. There are not significant one-timers within the quarter in the U.S. The one significant one-timer that is in our aggregate results is the sell in ahead of the VAT increase, which went into effect on October 1 in Japan. That had about a 30 or 40 basis point impact on our numbers.
Jon Moeller: We're always concerned about comps getting tougher, always working to run harder. That's a part of the world that we live in. Generally, it is not just for example SK-II and Olay which are growing at fantastic rates in China, but our growth profile across the categories has broadened significantly. You mentioned Baby Care. We were up high single-digits in Baby Care in the quarter very strong response to the innovation that we've brought to market. We are growing generally across the board. The one exception which has improved significantly is Hair Care. In Hair Care, we had very modest growth, but that's an improvement versus where we've been the last couple of quarters. So everything's on the rise in China. I feel -- we feel good about our prospects there. For perspective, if you look at China ex Olay and SK-II, we grew 9% in the quarter. So there is much more to the story than just those two businesses though we're very happy with the story on those two businesses.
Jon Moeller: We have been seeing something similar. But frankly consumption in the month of September was very strong and we ended up with top line growth rates at very attractive level in Mexico for the last quarter at 10%.
Jon Moeller: One thing that gives us confidence about continued success in Beauty are the sustainability of the results we've been delivering is the breadth of those results. And I think as I reflect on several of the conversations that we've had together there's a bit of a misunderstanding that it's all driven by SK-II and that just isn't the case. So we grew hair, our Hair Care business mid single-digits in the last quarter. We grew that business at 6% in the U.S. All aspects of our Skin and Personal Care business are growing. Our Personal Care business which is deodorants and body washes and those kinds of products grew at 10% in the quarter. Obviously, Skin Care and SK-II grew at even higher rates than that. If I looked just at SK-II it's one -- it's the fastest-growing part of the portfolio. Our new user attraction continues to be our focus. And as long as we keep that door open, we should continue to grow and that's been happening. But again breadth of success across Beauty.
Jon Moeller: Definitely, opportunities to return to growth, in fact, we've been growing albeit modestly. Each of the last two quarters we grew on a global basis. If you think about -- I mean, there are number of reasons to be positive going forward. One is, the growth potential that exists in developing markets and the mix potential that exists in those markets as people move up potentially from a double edge or disposables use into systems use. Strong opportunity to further penetrate, though, the double-edge and disposable businesses, particularly in some of the developing markets where for example a lot of the shaves are executed in the context of a barber. So significant opportunities for growth, we're also seeing a very strong response to our newest innovation which is designed to address one of the major barriers to shave and that's skin irritation. And for many men this is a significant issue. This isn't a minor issue. And it literally prevents them from shaving more frequently. So SkinGuard is designed to address that need and increase as a result the frequency of shave and the number of people who do shave. And we've doubled the rate of razor growth with that entry in Europe. If you look at consumer ratings on that product in the U.S., they're very strong. I think they're 4.5, 4.6. And the retailer reaction in terms of space allocation has been very favorable. There are also significant opportunities to address the needs of men who choose not to shave and that's where we're also spending a lot of incremental effort to make sure that we're meeting his needs. And if we do that in a superior way, for both shavers and non-shavers, this category will grow and it's extraordinarily profitable.
Jon Moeller: The U.S. is front and center and that's generally across categories, with Grooming being an exception.
Jon Moeller: Acquisition of -- or integration of the Merck business is going very well and a quick thank you to all those who are involved in that effort. We continue to grow that business at very attractive rates and continue to grow our heritage P&G Personal Healthcare business at very attractive rates. As you said, the total grew double digits in the quarter. If anything, if my knowledge is correct, it may not be, but if anything we saw, a slower buy in ahead of the season of this year as compared to, for example, last year, but certainly not a significant impact either way.
Jon Moeller: Europe is definitely included in the characterization of all regions growing at 4% or more. Our big focus markets in Europe grew at 4% during the quarter. The more developing parts of Europe grew at 5% during the quarter. Really broad growth across countries within Europe: Germany, for example, up 6%; Russia up 5%; the combination of France and the U.K. up 2% to 3%. So we're seeing certainly growth ahead of the market in Europe. We built share -- our share position very nicely over the past 12, six, three and one-month period. So we're very happy with our performance there.
Jon Moeller: I want to thank everybody. I know this is a busy morning with a number of companies reporting, so thank you for your time. John, Katie and I are available the balance of the day to answer any questions that you have to the best of our ability. Thanks a lot.
