Robert McDonald: Well, I can comment on the market size and maybe Jon can talk about the margins. In the fourth quarter, we said that global market value growth was about 3% based upon our geographic mix of business. Developed markets were flat to slightly positive for the quarter and developing markets continue to have solid growth of about 8% on average. Our expectations for 2012 are to have global market value growth of 3% to 4%, Bill. This assumes developed markets grow 1% to 2% and developing markets grow 6% to 8%. So we're expecting essentially no growth in developed markets on a volume basis with any value growth, driven by higher pricing as Jon discussed in his remarks.
Robert McDonald: Well, Nick, I think we have the right strategies now and I think you're seeing them have an impact in the marketplace. Our purpose has always been to touch and improve lives but I think now we are much more deliberate about executing our strategy in order to reach more consumers, more parts of the world more completely. And in areas where you see that we're doing that, we're being very successful. As Jon talked about, over the last year, we've been through -- entered 32 new category country combinations. We've entered 78 new category price tier combinations, and we've entered 75 new category channel combinations. In addition to that, we've launched a number of upgrades and these things are having a dramatic impact on the competitive situation in the marketplace. We talked about the recent launch of our Oral Care in the United Kingdom and we talked about the fact that the week 3 share was about 16%. Well, we just got the week 4 share this morning and it's 19.5% per case, which takes us to leadership of the Oral Care category for the first 4 weeks with our share of 30%. So these things take time to have action, but we're being much more deliberate about it. I'm quite encouraged actually.
Robert McDonald: Well, I would expect, John, that in terms of -- in the last couple of years, you've seen increases in investment levels in the advertising component of SG&A that are disproportionate to sales growth. Those should be proportionate going forward, so we'll continue to maintain very strong levels of support but it shouldn't be a drag on SG&A leverage. And then, we're going to continue, as we've talked about, to focus on productivity and we expect to be reducing the non-advertising, non-R&D portions of SG&A as a percentage of sales, fairly significantly, as we move forward here. And then, there's obviously sales leverage that drives all of that. So we would expect the SG&A as a percent of sales number to continue to come down pretty meaningfully.
Robert McDonald: We're actually working against 2 possible scenarios. The obvious thing we're doing is we're continuing to invest in innovation. We talked about that, the $2 billion we spent on R&D, which is much more than our competition. And we're working to develop new categories that we don't even -- we aren't even in today. And we know when we do that our North America and Western European and Japanese businesses grow very strongly. So we are working to innovate in order to get top line growth. At the same time, we're looking at no market growth kinds of scenarios and making sure we put together a cost structure that will allow us to deliver our profit guidance, if there is no market growth in these markets. As you know, our goal is to grow 1 and 2 points above the market, but if the market doesn't grow, we've got to have a cost structure that allows us to deliver the kind of returns we were promising.
Robert McDonald: Chris, as you reiterated the alternatives for effectively moving pricing up, one that you left out is reducing promotion spending. And we are doing that in parts of our business as well.
Robert McDonald: Let me start with the second part and maybe Jon will want to talk about the modeling, Ali. One of the things that we've done over the last few years is we've become much more deliberate about turning that scale or our size and to scale and turning that scale into growth. We've talked about -- I talked about in my remarks, integration and the fact that we're going to market as one company in the categories in country combinations where we've done that, we basically have doubled the growth versus historic levels. I also talked about the fact that now when we build a new factory and we have 20 under construction roughly, that they're multi-category factories rather than single category. We're at the early stages of this, and I think what you're going to see over time is this is going to become more and more important to our business. For example, in 2012, we have our sponsorship of the London Olympics. We'll be sponsoring every Olympic team in the world, we'll be thanking mothers all over the world and when we did that in Vancouver, it was our highest rate of return marketing activity virtually ever. So I think you're going to see accelerated growth. At the same time, we're working very hard to get this company restructured and ready for the future. Last year's restructuring spending, I think, was about $250 million or so. That was relatively low. But we're always looking to flatten the hierarchy of the company. If you look at what we've done, relative to the hierarchy of the company, we flattened the hierarchy of the company, we're trying to simplify our operations. And as I said, we're trying to deliver profitability in the top third -- TSR in the top third of our peer group even in a no market growth scenario in developed markets. So I don't -- I think in the end, we will convince you by the numbers we deliver rather than the statements that we make. But we are very serious about becoming the most productive company and taking advantage of that size to turn in a higher growth rates.
Robert McDonald: Ali, maybe I'll give you more facts on what I was describing over the last 3 years, we've reduced our general management by about 16%. The next level down, we reduced by about 10%. Certainly, we've got more work to do to become more productive but we've reduced our enrollment by about 5% over the past 5 years and I think you're going to see us work very, very hard on productivity as we go forward in the future.
Robert McDonald: First batteries in North America, I honestly don't know that number. Jon, will so feel free to follow up with him. In terms of restructuring, as I indicated in my remarks, we're still formulating our restructuring thoughts for the year ahead. I mentioned Folgers for a reason. You remember that at that point, when we divested the Folgers business, we increased restructuring fairly significantly and we did have a separate non-core charge as a result of an effort to eliminate the stranded overhead and minimized dilution, and we're contemplating something similar on Pringles. We don't have it fully baked yet but we'll update you on that when we announced the closure of that deal.
Robert McDonald: Well, I think, Alice, what we said is we have a stated strategy of our company to have a value tier of portfolio. So no matter the price point the consumer wants to spend we have something there. In the case of blades, we do have a full portfolio from Fusion ProGlide on the top 2 disposables on the bottom, all priced very differently. I think what we've done in the past is we've supported the high end, probably more than the low end and what we need to do is make sure that we get appropriate support across that portfolio so that every consumer we want to reach gets the appropriate blade and razors. So in that, when I think we have the portfolio but we may not have executed the marketing yet to get to grow share consistently. Secondly, in laundry, again, as I said in my remarks, we got Tide Total Care on the top. We've got SHEER and Era on the bottom, again we have the portfolio there. Again, what we need to do is develop the big ideas to get that portfolio into the hands of consumers and grow that business. So on those cases, I think we have the portfolio. In the Hair Care, we probably have a portfolio brands but, I think, we need to separate the pricing a little bit more so I think the pricing is probably, too, bunched up. So it's rather a 3-step process. One is get the portfolio in, number of brands, number of selection; number 2, spread the pricing enough that consumers see the difference; and number 3, market those discrete items to the consumer group that it's attractive to. And as you say, that's what we've done in tissue towel and many of other categories quite successfully.
Robert McDonald: It's very similar to what we had this year. And as we laid out in our analyst meeting, by the time we get to 2015, the average number of categories in each country in Procter & Gamble territory will go from 19 to 24. And we'll be reaching 5 billion people versus the 4.4 billion we're reaching today. And as we increase the number of categories in each country, you should assume that, that is a full vertical portfolio of priced products, not just a single product. At the same time, we're also working on innovation program to develop a whole new categories similar to when we launched the Swiffer some years ago.
Robert McDonald: Linda, relative to M&A, we don't comment on specific opportunities of either acquisitions or divestitures. What I can tell you is this, is that we work hard to develop growth plans that meet our goals, long-term goals, organically, and when I look at the growth potential of the plans that we got, I'm very happy with it. When I look at the innovation program we've got, I'm very happy with it as well. While we do, do acquisitions and certainly Ambi Pur was a wonderful acquisition for us because it expanded our footprint in Air Care from roughly 17 countries to over 80, the acquisitions are difficult for us to do. Typically, we don't do hostile takeovers, number 2, the value has got to be right because we're trying to be good stewards of the cash that our shareholders give us. And number 3, it's got to make strategic sense for our business. So acquisitions tend to be a relatively high bar for us, we do, do them but it's relatively a high bar. And certainly, it's not an excuse for any of our businesses not to have growth plans that deliver the growth goals, organically.
Robert McDonald: Relative to the Beauty business, Mark, I would never say we're doing well enough in any of our businesses whether it's beauty or household. Beauty has delivered 8 consecutive quarters of organic sales growth. Our big brands grew globally in 2011, including Pantene, Head & Shoulders, Olay, Venus and SK-II. Importantly, the global Pantene business continues to perform well. Global shipments grew with mid-single digits over the year with double-digit growth in developing regions. And market share is growing on a global basis including good share progress in Japan, Brazil and India. And in Japan, Pantene just became the leading Hair Care brand. Olay is also driving strong results outside North America, where, of course, we have the UV recall. Skin Care shipments in developing markets increased double digits in the June quarter as the geographic and portfolio expansions of Olay continues to deliver strong growth. In the U.S. where we had a few design and assortment issues on Pantene, we responded by launching 7 new 2-in-1 SKUs and 5 new large sized SKUs with a new marketing campaign, which have all gotten strong, retailers support so far, and we're also working to rebuild the Pantene equity. But that will take time and it will take time to return the share and consumption to historic levels. Olay is driving strong results outside the North America. Skin Care developments in developing markets increased double digits in the June quarter as the geographic and portfolio expansion of Olay, as I said, delivered strong growth. And as I said, the reason U.S. Olay declined in P&G was due to the Olay UV reformulation restage that began in the March quarter but we resumed those Olay UV product shipments by the end of June. So I think, overall, we would be in that share gainer in Beauty and Grooming, no question in my mind.
Jon Moeller: And if you just look at sales for the last quarter, Bill, your observation will be correct. In developed markets, we grew about 1 point, developing markets we grew about 14 points and so that is part of the dynamic going forward.
Jon Moeller: We're also, as I mentioned, Nick, looking at opportunities relative to the Pringles divestiture to increase the savings component that's delivered by restructuring so we're very cognizant of that opportunity as well. And I apologize, this will sound a little bit defensive but I can't leave out our significant dividend as you think about returns from our stocks so it's more than just price appreciation. We're throwing off a pretty large chunk of cash here.
Jon Moeller: There's been no change in terms of our expectation, so I apologize if I unintentionally communicated that. I'm just stating the 2 points of intentionality. One, is to get price increases reflected, which we're working to do and making good progress on. And second, that with -- over reasonable periods of time, we have to continue to make sure that we remain competitive in the marketplace. Those 2 things are not opposed to each other, they're part of one activity system and I just thought it was important that both parts be understood but there is no -- we haven't encountered -- things are going pretty much as we expected so far, but it's early.
Jon Moeller: In terms of the first part of your question, Ali, I talked in my remarks about the impact of tax year-to-year and the rate that we're forecasting for next year, which is 25%. John Chevalier can walk you through more of that as we both have time. And from other and a nonoperating income standpoint, we will continue to have some level of minor brand divestiture activity as we have for each of the last 10 years, so there will be nonoperating income there. I don't expect it to be a big driver of our growth in anyway going forward, if anything it should be down a little bit. Again, John Chevalier can take you through that.
Jon Moeller: On the first one, we'd expect the operating earnings growth to be about in line with earnings per share growth. Tax will be a headwind and then share repurchase tailwind to get you back to the EPS numbers. And then, we're not going to comment on line items within line items so we're not going to give guidance on promotion. What I would tell you is that generally, we would expect promotion levels to come down as part of the pricing mechanism that Bob described. The reason I'm hesitant to give you an exact number though, this is something we look at on a daily basis, and it's going to depend in part on how competitors respond to our price increases. There may be situations, as I detailed in my remarks, where we might have to temporarily increase promotion to stay price competitive. So it's something we look at on a daily basis. The general directional trend, certainly the desired trend is down as we're fond of saying, promotion wins quarters and innovation wins decades. We much rather spend the dollar on innovation or equity building than we would have on promotion.
Jon Moeller: I don't think there's any question, given the number of questions we've gotten about this but I don't think there's any question and if someone looks back at our company 10 years from now, they'll wonder if the leadership of the company at this time took the right steps to move the center of gravity of the company more towards Asia, more toward Africa, where the babies are being born, where the new households are being formed. And certainly, we've been in the midst of that and you're going to continue to see us make announcements and do things to get ready for the future because that's where the future is as we try to get to all the people on the planet and have products for them to improve their lives.
Jon Moeller: I think you're referring to conversation with Church & Dwight yesterday. They did say the increase in promotion in the liquid section of the laundry market and I believe they attributed that to Henkel. Our desire continues to be again from a strategic standpoint, to prioritize investments in equity building and innovation and really saying anything more than that, on a very specific granular question, would be inappropriate.
Jon Moeller: I think in terms of total go-to-market expenses, the selling portion of SG&A, you're absolutely right that we're increasing our investments in markets where we're expanding distribution, expanding our portfolio, you mentioned India, you mentioned Brazil those are clearly 2 cases where that's true. We're also working on productivity initiatives though in markets that are slower growth. And so net, we would expect to see selling costs increased in line with sales or maybe fall a little bit below the sales line, while building the infrastructure that we need in developing markets.
Jon Moeller: So first of all, as has been pointed out many times internally here, I misspoke on last quarter's call and referred to a BT number as an AT number. So the $1.8 billion is the correct number, that's a BT number, my fault for confusing you. We're looking at the same type of impact 2012 versus 2011, so another $1.8 billion, roughly $2 billion before tax. In terms of how that falls out by quarter, I took you through some of the specific input costs dynamics and how those play through, we basically base our forecast on spot markets, I'm not talking about spot that happened yesterday but maybe the spot of last week. And if you just do the math, and take spot in a quarter this year, first through 4 and compare it to first through four last year, you still have a very negative comparison in the first quarter and a very benign comparison in the fourth quarter. For a perspective, one additional piece of perspective, as we mentioned, the commodity cost impact in the quarter we just completed was 350 basis points negative on gross margin, that's the same kind of dynamic you're dealing with in our first quarter but it should be again very minor or even positive by the time we get to the fourth quarter.
Jon Moeller: Given the gross margin dynamics, we're not -- why we're expecting operating earnings increases along the lines that you say, that we're not expecting operating margin expansion again held back by that gross margin line.
Jon Moeller: So I'll handle the first quarter question and I'll turn it back to Bob. We would expect operating margin to be down in the first quarter and operating earnings to be growing not as well as on a fiscal year basis, again, given that significant gross margin impact and Jon can help you more with that as we go through the day.
Jon Moeller: So on the first question, yes, the comparison on commodities should be the worst in the first quarter and then it should improve from there forward.
Jon Moeller: Well, in China, Caroline, we are the leading consumer goods company with about, in Greater China, about $5 billion in sales. That's about 3.5 to 4x the next largest competitor. Having said that, we're only in about 15 categories in China. I think we entered 3 over the last year and we have plans to continue to enter new categories there. And the average Chinese spends less than $3 a year on Procter & Gamble products but in the United States, the average American spends nearly $100. So while we're leading, while we're growing, we're growing strong double digits, we still have work to do to get the rest of our categories in there and to accelerate the growth. And we go market-by-market -- in Brazil and India also continue to be extremely quickly growing. They're growing actually faster than China. Think of that as 20%-plus growth rates where China is somewhere in the low double-digit to mid-teens level. And we'll continue to see all 3 of those markets offering significant opportunities for profitable growth going forward.
