Andre Schulten: Great. Good morning, Lauren. I think, as you said, we are catching up right now to return to gross savings levels that are equal or close to equal to those that we've delivered pre-COVID. We have more line capacity available for us to qualify cost savings or mind space of our teams to be able to identify new opportunities. And as we are able to engage suppliers and get through this inflationary period, hopefully, more ideation and new projects to be created as well. As we've talked on our Investor Day, we see runway on productivity for the next few years, driven by Supply Chain 3.0. We have talked about delivering about $1.5 billion of savings with those initiatives between automation and digital capabilities. And we continue to believe that we can generate between $400 million to $500 million a year from media, programmatic savings both in terms of scheduling and buying capabilities around the world. Those programs will hold productivity, in my estimation, close to pre-COVID levels, which will allow us to continue to reinvest in media, which will allow us to fund innovation and superiority, and that is really the intent of the model. So, to answer your question directly, I would not expect a disproportionate catch up, but I would expect a steady return to pre-COVID levels of net structure savings, both the cost and media.
Andre Schulten: Yeah, morning, Bryan. Yes, I mean, obviously, it is, right? Markets are getting more expensive in terms of credit and we are not immune to that. So, the $125 million [BT] (ph) we've quoted for this year, I would expect the trend to continue to go up into next year. Now we are still well positioned relative peer group because we're able to borrow not only in the U.S., but also in euro, in pounds and in yen. So that keeps us very competitive. But nevertheless, we're not immune to those increases, so they will continue to go up into next year.
Andre Schulten: Good morning, Dara. We would expect progress on the gross margin side. Actually we're encouraged by the productivity numbers that have helped us on top of pricing to deliver the first modest increase in gross margin after a very long period of heavy cost headwinds impacting us to the negative side. And as we've done this quarter, we will continue to look for value creating opportunities to reinvest. We firmly believe the reason why we are able to grow the top-line at the range we are growing, the reason why we are able to hold volume share and value share globally in a very tough environment is because of our superiority-driven innovation across product, package, communication and retail execution. And we believe that as pricing goes into the market and the consumer is even more, I think, sensitive towards the value equation that they are being offered, continued investment across all of those vectors is going to create value and serve us well going forward. So, we will maintain the flexibility to do so, but we will do it in a disciplined and in a very ROI-driven way as you say. As to your second part of the question, as ad spending becomes more efficient with our ability to in-house both scheduling and buying of media, more digital capability to be more targeted, that increases the ROI of every dollar we can spend. So, it actually makes investment in media spending more attractive. At the end of the day, we will maintain the concept of balance between top-line growth, bottom-line growth and cash generation to stick with our ongoing growth model and value creation model.
Andre Schulten: Good morning, Steve. I'll try a careful balance here between giving you perspective on the global basis and not letting you get ahead of yourself in terms of expectations. But the volume decline is better than we would have expected, as you said. Our elasticities remain favorable on an aggregate basis. And if you look at global markets, we actually see a volume consumption stabilizing. So, you would have seen in previous quarters global volumes across our categories down roughly 3 points to 4 points. In our most recent read, which is the past one month, volumes were actually down 70 basis points. This is market volume. And if you exclude Russia, probably more around flat. That's with China returning to some level of growth, and it's also with pricing moving into the base. So, we'll see as pricing becomes more annualized, we'll see that stabilization. I don't know if it's going to continue to be neutral. I would expect some level of negativity in terms of overall market volumes, but certainly improving sequentially. Within that, I think we're taking comfort in the fact that we are able to hold global volume share and global value share despite significant pricing that we have taken, which has enabled, as we said, we believe by our superiority strategy, a strong vertical portfolio, both tiers and price points and being present in all channels where consumers want to shop. In our biggest most important market, as we had in our prepared remarks, we were able to grow volume and volume share, 90 basis points over the past three months. So that's the positive side. On the negative side, Europe continues to be a high-pressure environment. We've been able to grow sales 8% in focus markets, but that it was a very strong pricing contribution with negative volumes in the range of 7%. And the European consumer is trading into private label. We see the price differential between private label and branded competitors increasing as private label is delaying price increases. The consumer continues to be under pressure there. So that's going to be a continued headwind, I think, from the volume side. Overall, I think our outlook is balanced. As we said, we expect market growth to return to 3% to 4% on the value side and there has to be a positive volume component to that going forward, but it will take a few quarters before we get there.
Andre Schulten: No, I think you said it. I think the other component we're not yet seeing is any return of Chinese consumers to travel retail. That is a significant negative for us in the SK-II business specifically. So that, hopefully, we see a more positive trend there in the near future. That's the only other upside that I think we have. But as Jon said, I think the recovery at 2% organic sales in the quarter is very consistent with what we would have expected.
Andre Schulten: Good morning, Robert. On the gross margin and sales connection here from mix perspective, the effect that you're seeing here is product mix. So, consumers when they come into our P&G portfolio, tend to trade up into higher-value items. We've seen that actually consistently over the past quarters. So that -- as they trade up into higher unit sales, that's a positive impact from a mix perspective on the top-line. But those higher unit sales items also have higher unit profit, but the gross margin in percentage is slightly lower for some of them. When you think about adult incontinence, for example, when you think about fabric care, single unit dose versus liquid detergent, gross margin percentage lower, unit sales higher, unit profit higher. So, it's a positive effect both from the top-line and the bottom-line standpoint, but the percentage mix is lower. U.S. consumer, I think is holding up well. As we said, any indication that we see on our business is that the consumer is still choosing P&G brands. We are growing volume share in a market that is still down on volume. We are growing absolute volume. So, 90 basis points value share goes, 40 basis points value share goes fairly consistently across periods. We also see private label shares stable at 16%, really no movement here over the past one, three, six, nine months, which is a good indication that we don't see any material trade down. Now we're watching this very closely. And we believe that a lot of that is again driven by our very intentional strategy to drive superiority. We continue to invest in innovation. We'll continue to invest in product packaging innovation. We're increasing, as Jon said, communication frequency and reach where we see a good payout and return. Continue to work with our retail partners to ensure that the presentation of our brands online and in-store is as good as it can be. Last element I would call out is we are stable in terms of supply and on-shelf availability, which is also helping our overall position in the market. So, stable, I think is the characterization, but we're watching carefully.
Andre Schulten: Good morning, Peter. Freight is relatively stable at this point in time, as we've mentioned in the prepared remarks. We expect our freight and transportation and warehousing costs to be roughly in line with prior year. And I think that is a reflection of a more balanced capacity situation with a driver to load ratio returning to, I think, more historical norms. Again, given fuel prices and all other dynamics, I wouldn't expect any major change going forward, but we're at least stable. From a commodity basket standpoint, we continue to see a mixed bag. We have some help in resin-based commodities. We have some help in pulp, though that is moderated by mill shutdowns for maintenance, both planned and unplanned. But on the other side, all our high--energy usage materials, when you think about caustic soda, when you think about ammonia, all of those are increased in pricing. So, the moderation is really limited and it's not consistent across the basket. So, $100 million after tax is the only thing we're seeing at this point in time. We also continue to see upstream in the supply chain. Our suppliers continue to try to recover their input cost increases, their labor inflation, and that continues to be a discussion that is ongoing. I think as we mentioned in CAGNY, some of those contracts roll over 12 months, 18 months. So, there's -- these headwinds and these discussions will continue to be with us. Overall, we're expecting, as we always do, spot rates will hold on, that's what's based and underlying our planning for next year and our guidance for this year.
Andre Schulten: On the category specific questions, yes, we see SK-II as potential beneficiary of travel retail reopening. Overall, SK-II is recovering well outside of that channel. In China, Mainland, we saw 8% growth in the quarter. In Japan, we saw 46% growth in the quarter. But the overall results are still held back by travel retail. So, I think, we will see a sequential improvement, but there are many gives and takes in the overall Beauty Care sector. So that needs to be seen in context with a lot of other dynamics that are going on around the world. On the Personal Health Care side, we continue to be very pleased with the results the team is delivering there. And we see sustained growth in this space across respiratory, digestive, nerve care. There are many parts of that portfolio that have very high growth potential. And in some of these areas as we've talked before, we're still held back by supply constraints, which might provide upside in the future. But again, we have a combination of 10 categories across multiple markets. Some of them will do well in a period of time, some of them will be held back by negative headwinds. So, we continue to strive for a balanced top- and bottom-line growth picture. It will be driven by different parts of the portfolio over different times. From a volume versus price component standpoint, what is important to understand is quarter four, we will start to lap price increases for the first time. So, we had about 8% of pricing in the base. So that will be a negative headwind to the top-line growth in quarter four. And while we see stabilization of volumes, I would expect that there still will be negative volume component to the growth in the near future. We have still Russia portfolio being with us as a negative headwind. China is slowly recovering, but not yet in positive territory from a volume perspective. And as I mentioned earlier, the European consumer is under a lot of pressure with private label pricing not yet following the branded competition in those markets. So, pricing will come into the base. That will be a headwind to the top-line. I would expect there's still a negative volume component in quarter four.
Andre Schulten: Good morning, Olivia. The most recent round of pricing have gone into effect just in February and March across -- and I'm calling out across Europe and U.S., because [those are somewhat] (ph) visible. So, it's hard for us, as Jon said, to determine what the outgoing elasticities are at this point in time. What I can tell you is that elasticities remain stable, remain favorable. And I think it is also a function of continued investment. It is a function of continued innovation. Every price increase or most price increases are connected to innovation, meaningful innovation for the consumer, that also guarantees retail support. They are linked to strong value communication. We've talked about Ariel Coldwater, Tide Coldwater, Charmin rollback, Olay value communication. And that is meaningful for consumers as they come under pressure. Many of our categories are categories where a consumer doesn't want a risk failure. You don't want to wash your clothes twice and you certainly don't want to deal with a diaper failure. So, all of that I think is helping us to maintain favorable elasticities across the board. The most important insight for us is -- and that's what you see us do in Q3, we need to continue that investment. We need to look for opportunities where our value is exposed, and I'll call out Europe as an example because of private label pricing at a lower pace than the branded competitive set. It is critically important that we maintain that investment level to maintain the value equation. Where we see pricing lapping or I think where we have the strongest portfolio and the strongest execution in terms of innovation and superiority, we see favorable results, and the U.S. is a good example of that. Excellent in market execution by the team compared with a truly strong portfolio and strong innovation is delivering both relatively strong results to the balance of market, but also driving market growth recovery.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. I'll start, Chris, and then I'm sure Jon will add. I think, the team is accepting the reality of an extended or expanded price gap versus private label as the challenge they need to deal with. And as Jon frequently says, we wake up every Monday morning and deal with the reality in front of us. This is a reality we need to deal with. So, what that means is we need to create innovation. We need to create product and packaging innovation, communication strategies and in-market executions that are able to provide value to consumers and retailers. And that's what we're focused on. I don't think that trying to eliminate the price differential is a meaningful and helpful strategy for us. But if we can generate growth via innovation and via superiority, that's both helpful for us and the market and the path forward we're choosing.
Andre Schulten: Yes, good morning, Jason. Pricing magnitude, the latest round of pricing is fairly consistent with what you would have seen in the past, but it's very tailored to the market as we said before. Mid-single digits, I think, is the ballpark I would give you for the latest increase. And I think pricing over time will move back to be a contributor to top-line, but not the sole contributor to top-line. So, we need -- and the market needs to find a balance here over the next few quarters to return to modest volume growth and pricing contribution to return these categories to mid-single digit growth. That's what we're working towards. On the SG&A line, look, a lot of our reinvestment is driven by innovation timing, so when are the right initiatives in market to double down on. They are driven by pricing timing. So, when do we and can we support our brands as we take pricing and drive innovation. What I would tell you is the latest push we had as a management team to our earlier discussion was to really double click on our sufficiency in Europe and to see how high is up, what -- how hard can we push, especially the media and communication side in terms of value communication across Europe. So that's the one area I will give you where we paid a lot of attention over the last three, four months.
Andre Schulten: Hey, Mark. I'll take the first crack. I think the concept of irresistible superiority is: A, dynamic and must-be dynamic; and B, is relevant across value tiers. So, as consumers get more careful with their spending for example, that just means we need to double down on our view of what superiority and some of our lower value tiers means. So, if you think about diapers in the U.S. for example, we have Luvs, which is about half the price of a Swaddlers diaper. And that means that we need innovation on Luvs, because we're now competing with private label and we need to make sure as consumers look for value, that brand can stand on its own from a product, packaging, communication and retail execution standpoint to provide value to those consumers. So, it's really not a strategy that by default drives trade up. It's a strategy that follows the consumer and is grounded in what the consumer needs and wants over time, so if we get more stress, that just means we need to double click on the type of innovation and investment we need. From a consumption standpoint, as pricing goes into the market, we generally see consumers reacting with what you've described. If there are pantry inventories available, they, for a period of time, draw down those inventories. And recall coming out of the pandemic, I think Jon mentioned this earlier, there were increased pantry inventories available across multiple categories. So, I think that's part of the effect that we've seen. I wouldn't expect any major restocking, because I think we're just returning to our normal levels. As supply stabilizes, it's kind of the COVID pandemic goes more into the past, I think consumers return to their normal behaviors. The other element we're seeing is more careful usage. If you're overall made aware of inflation in everyday media, every day, you look twice before you use another paper towel et cetera. And partially, that's part of our value communication, right? When we talk about Charmin rollback because the product is more absorbent and has more strength, we explicitly talk about the ability for consumers to use less. So, it's really driven in those elements. Again, I think the job that we have as market leaders in many of our categories is to drive volume growth back to sustainable levels. And there's many levers. We still have huge household penetration opportunities around the world in many of our categories. We can create new usage occasions, create regimen use across many of our categories. Those are the things we're focused on.
Andre Schulten: There is a very healthy element of pricing there like in every other region, because we're pricing not only for commodities but also pricing for foreign exchange rate exposure in all of these markets. I think the positive effect is the volume is holding much better than in some of our focus markets. The consumer strength is there. I think the overall strength of the brands is better than we've ever seen. In-market execution is better than we've ever seen. Retail partnerships are better than we've ever seen. So, all of that I think is contributing to a strong price component with a positive volume component and that drives the 30% results of Latin America.
Jon Moeller: And just one piece of perspective there, Bryan. This is Jon. We've understandably, because it's been the primary driver of cost increases, focused our discussion on commodities. But that's not the only cost increase that we're seeing. We've just talked about interest expense. Andre mentioned in his prepared remarks, wages and benefits, which continue to increase. So, I would just encourage us all to gain confidence from what's happened here, but to realize that there are still, as Andre said, many headwinds that we're working against and we'll continue to work against as we move forward through next fiscal year.
Jon Moeller: Just building on Andre's points, which I fully agree with, I want to come back to this notion of balance and our commitment to it. Some of you have heard me talk about this probably many times, but it's worth repeating, so you understand how we're thinking about things. We have a chart that we use with the leadership team every time we gather, which shows what you would have to believe to deliver top total share shareholder return, which is our objective entirely through the top-line or entirely through the bottom-line. And to do it entirely through the top-line, you'd have to assume that we can grow 8% from an organic sales standpoint each and every quarter, which is in our view unrealistic. If you try to do it entirely through the bottom-line, you'd have to assume that you could expand margins 180 basis points per year. So five years, 10 margin points in a highly competitive industry where it's taken us 187 years to build 22 margin points, equally unlikely. So, we are very committed to driving both top-line and bottom-line. It's the only way we see to get home. I have a trite little saying that we use on occasion, which is "Top-line with no bottom-line, a waste of time. Bottom-line with no top-line, just a matter of time." We're going to continue to operate in that vein. And if we're successful, you'll see top-line growth driven by proper levels of investment and bottom-line growth and margin expansion -- modest margin expansion. One last thing on the point of advertising rate of return, or ROI, in addition to what Andre was talking about, we simply have, though maybe hard to believe, a lot of low-hanging fruit that's out there. We have many categories where we are not at our target levels of reach. And that's a very high ROI activity when we can reduce wasted frequency, reinvest that into expanded reach, very good things happen. As you've seen, by the way, not just this quarter, but for the last four years. And there's no reason to change that approach at this point in time.
Jon Moeller: And just one additional point, the 6% top-line organic sales growth that the team delivered in the quarter, and as Andre said, sales share -- value share growth and volume share growth, we still have a couple of categories where we are not supplying full demand. That'll be remediated here fairly quickly. But as you as you consider the strength of the U.S. consumer, if you look at those key measures, and realize that there -- while there are both opportunities and risks within the number, there are opportunities as well as risks, which continue to point to a relatively healthy U.S. consumption pattern.
Jon Moeller: Yes. One thing to remember too is that we've just taken pricing in both the U.S. and Europe. And I don't think that the data for the current quarter reflects a potential volume impact from some of that pricing. So, I would be looking at volume recovery -- volume to slowly improve over time, but it won't happen overnight.
Jon Moeller: Sure. And Andre may have some thoughts here as well. The -- what I really like about the strategic choices that we've made and the approach that we're taking currently is that it is the strongest approach I can think of. For a very healthy economic environment or a very difficult economic environment, the indicated actions don't change. So, think for example about our embedding in productivity as a fundamental part of our DNA. That's something that serves us very well. A positive economic environment as critical in a downward economic environment. The importance of superiority to consumers and categories where performance drives brand choice, critical in both a good economic environment and a difficult economic environment. Focus of the portfolio on daily use categories where performance drives brand choice and superiority within each of those categories across product, package, communication, go-to-market and value for consumers and customers, I just -- I don't see anything in that, that I would change if we have -- I mean obviously, tactically, there'd be some different decisions on the margin, but the broad underlying approach sets us up very well even if or particularly if we end up in a more difficult environment.
Jon Moeller: I couldn't agree more. And frankly, while Andre rightly points to a difficult consumer environment, if you look at our results thus far in Europe, they're very encouraging, not just in the last quarter, but through last fiscal year as well. We're achieving growth rates in Europe that are higher than we've seen in a long time. And so, now is not the time to back off. It's time to move forward and strengthen the execution, just as Andre described. That doesn't mean we have our heads in the sand. We've made several adjustments to price gaps, not just versus private label, but versus branded competition as we've gone through this period of pricing, and we need to continue to be sensitive to that. But first and foremost, we need to delight consumers and customers with the offerings that we're bringing to market and go from there.
Jon Moeller: I would just add one thing. It's our category leaders that determine the level of investment that we're making at any point in time. And prior to this quarter, just as you go back in time, there were more situations where we weren't able to fully supply demand. And, obviously, those are situations that you -- you continue to invest in mental awareness and --- but not spike that investment, because you can't supply it. And as we get into an increasingly better supply environment as we did in the last quarter, you resume a level of spending now that you can fully support it. So that's a part of the dynamic in addition to the dynamic that Andre described.
Jon Moeller: Yeah. You can imagine with what many of them have been through. There's a bit of a whiplash aspect to -- for three years, I was told that going outside was dangerous. And now I'm being encouraged to reemerge. I'm living probably in a relatively small dwelling, many times with multi-generations, and I don't want to negatively impact my family. So, there is a degree of hesitance and questioning. On the same time, there's an overwhelming feeling, at least as I experienced it, of liberation, of hope. And I was in Beijing one sunny Saturday afternoon, and the streets were packed. It was absolutely wonderful and joyous. So, I continue to hold on and believe in the mid- and long-term opportunities that China presents us with. It's certainly -- plus 2 is a lot better than a negative number that we had in the last couple of quarters. So there is clear improvement. But I think it'll be a little bit choppy. And all it will take is a little bit of nervousness to stop the reacceleration of the growth. But I would -- my takeaway, Nik, is a positive one, but with near-term caution.
Jon Moeller: Yes. Just for perspective, in our two largest markets in Latin America, Brazil and Mexico, as Andre is saying, we're seeing volumes high single digit. So, I don't want you to take away that all of the sales growth, as Andre has already said is pricing. It's a healthy combination. And I also need to give a nod to the team in Latin America who's just doing a fantastic job. Listen, I want to close-up with just a couple of comments and reflections. And the first relates to what we've been through and what I think it portends for the future. And then, I'll come in and talk a little bit more about the quarter that we just completed. But if we had a conversation three or four years ago, and you told me, "Look, here's what's going to happen. We're going to have this thing called a global pandemic. People are going to die. Borders are going to be closed. You aren't going to be able to get to your largest markets and they aren't going to be able to get to you. You're going to have difficulty getting your colleagues into manufacturing facilities, innovation centers, sales offices. But don't worry, that's not all. We'll have the largest land war in Europe since World War II. The combination of foreign exchange and commodity cost inflation is going to wipe out half your earnings. You're going to see dramatic channel shift in some of your largest markets in terms of where consumers are doing their shopping. And when all that's over, you're going to find that it's difficult to get people to come back to work. How do you think you're going to do?" And my answer to that three or four years ago would be that, "Wow, do you think you can grow top-line, bottom-line, deliver cash and return that to shareholders through all that?" Without taking you through the details, what you know very well, that's exactly what this team has done. Over the four years that ended last fiscal year, they created $13 billion in incremental sales, $5 billion in incremental profit. Now, if you bring that forward and look at what happened, what they accomplished in the last quarter, broad based sales growth, sequential progress in shipment volume, value share, volume share, return to gross margin expansion, strong productivity savings, at the same time healthy reinvestments in the top-line and advancing our level of superiority a margin of difference, in-market growth, in-household penetration, if those are the kinds of things our investors want to see, they're there in spades in the quarter that we just delivered. Last point, I promise, but we've talked several times, both Andre and I, about the challenges ahead, and they're real. We will continue trying our level best to do -- to serve consumers, customers, each other, society and clearly shareowners. But it's going to be, just as it has been, a bit choppy. And we're taking a long-term approach here. And if there are choices that are right for the long-term that cause bottom-line difficulty in the near--term, we're going to make those choices. And we'll talk more about that as we approach guidance for next year. But if you're thinking across mid and longer periods of time, I think we've got a great setup here, a great strategy, a great set of capabilities that should enable us to serve all those constituents that I mentioned very effectively. But we're thinking about that in years, not quarters. Thank you very much.
