Jon Moeller: All fair and good questions, though many. I feel very good -- we feel very good about the quality of the top line growth in the quarter and the quality of the number that we’re reporting. We feel good about that for several reasons. As I mentioned, consumption is up in line with our top line progress, which is very encouraging. That’s reflected in improvements in market share, which I talked about both in the U.S. and globally. The breadth of the growth is encouraging with 9 of 10 categories growing sales in the quarter. I mentioned some of the growth rates in our prepared remarks. Importantly, also just the early read in October, roughly 55% of the way through that month, a month means even less than a quarter, but we haven’t seen a drop off that you would expect to see in terms of shipments or consumption if the quality of the first quarter number was lacking. Also important is the growth in our largest market, largest and most profitable market, the U.S., where we were up 4% and volume growth of 5%. Also, the impact of pricing, both in the U.S. and broadly now neutral versus negative. So, all of that leads to our confidence in the numbers for the quarter and the results that we’re seeing. There are though some things that are very important to note as we try to project that forward. One, we face very-strong competition, both multinational and local who are very active in the marketplace. Two, the pricing that we need to implement to offset commodity and foreign exchange cost is largely not in the marketplace today. There is very little that’s actually on the shelf. As I mentioned, that will come into play later in Q2 and as we go through Q3 and Q4. And we know that that will introduce volume volatility and uncertainty. So, we’re happy with the numbers. I don’t think there is anything that’s suspect within those results, but we still have a lot of work to do as we go through the balance of the fiscal year.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Olivia. Against the backdrop of the broad question on the strength of emerging markets, as always, those markets are extraordinarily dynamic. I mentioned some of the challenges we’re facing, for instance in the Middle East and Africa. And I would be not serving you well to overlook those. Having said that, the large developing markets where significant future growth should present itself, continue to perform fairly well, double-digit growth -- high-double digit growth in a market like India, Brazil doing well in the quarter. China, if you still consider that a developing market, up 7% the past 12 months, which is a significant acceleration from where we were at negative 5%, just two years ago. Encouragingly, that progress in those markets reflects the Company progress across the breadth of the portfolio. So, it’s not just one category driving sales. I guess, the question quite frequently, what if we excluded SK-II and what impact would that have? There isn’t a piece of our beauty business that isn’t growing right now, most of it growing at very attractive rates. Several of our categories in China are growing at double-digit rates and a couple at high singles. So, I continue to believe that -- and this could change tomorrow, but as we said here today, the setup in developing markets is relatively strong, absent those markets with significant geopolitical disruption and absent the markets where we’ve seen significant devaluation, and their pricing will be obviously required.
Jon Moeller: As I think about it in aggregate, I’m not in a terribly different position looking forward now than I would have been this time last year or this time three or four years ago. There’s -- in terms of pricing relative to inflation, that’s just beginning to be brought into the marketplace, not just by us, but you’ve heard most of our competitors, both multinational and local, talk about the same thing. And that will work its way through the income statement as we go through the balance of the next calendar year and the end of this calendar year. I don’t know how that’s going to play out, but I don’t have any definitive indication that it’s going to play out negatively. Innovation continues to be a significant source of margin and profit expansion within the industry. That is alive and well. And you see it in items like unit dose detergents, in fabric enhancer, beads, you see it in adult incontinence, you see it in some of the natural launches, pure, Pampers as an example. So, I continue to believe that that is a significant source and important source of both category growth for us and retailers, and margin opportunity for both us and our retail partners. You mentioned productivity. There are additional tools available today to us and others that offer unprecedented opportunities in terms of automation and digitization to improve cost, both on the manufacturing floor and on the office floor. Tax rates for U.S. companies. Tax outlook is significantly better than it’s ever been with lower rates than have been the case. We’re seeing, and this is important, I think, modest increases in market growth rates, including and most importantly in the U.S. And that has a big impact on behavior, both across the manufacturing environment and the retail environment, as you would expect. There are definitely headwinds. Interest rates are a headwind for U.S. borrowers. That differential in interest rates between the U.S. and other countries is leading as we all know to significant strengthening of the dollar, which is a real challenge that we’ve talked about. And commodity costs and transportation costs are up significantly. Well, if I look back over the past decade in different years, all of those factors have been present. So, there is nothing unique other than perhaps the very significant macro impacts which hopefully will be short-term in nature that preclude HBC companies from building value for shareholders as we go forward. All of the long-term fundamentals that you have to believe in that support market growth, which is the most critical driver of growth, top-line and bottom-line are in place, population growth, income growth in industry that largely continues to focus on innovation as a way to grow its business. And it’s early in the earnings cycle, but if I just look at other competitors that have reported, J&J and Unilever as two examples, I’m very happy to see significant progress on the top-line in those companies as well. That is not indicative of an environment that is problematic for any of us.
Jon Moeller: The grooming business in the U.S., let me just -- first of all, it continues -- it is very strong, plus 10% sales growth in the quarter on volume growth that’s higher than that in the face of the competitive expansion. As I was very careful and hopefully clear to describe in our prepared remarks, there will be challenges ahead. But, it gives us a lot of confidence that the strategies we’re putting into marketplace are in fact working as we expected them to. As it relates to offline versus online, that’s much more than a Gillette shave club dynamic. That’s a broader channel switching dynamic. And we continue to do reasonably well though we have more work to do offline in that business -- excuse me, online in that business versus offline. We believe based on the data that we have -- we’re seeing significant growth in Gillette shave club users, and believe based on the data that we’re the only one growing users in the U.S. That’s not a global comment. So, generally, I mean, we’re very cautious. We have a lot more work to do. The competitive activity in the space is very strong and early in its life cycle. But, we take a lot of encouragement from the progress we saw in the quarter.
Jon Moeller: Nik, I’m going to come to that. I’m actually going to step back. I apologize. I’m not good at keeping track in my head of multi-part questions. But, this isn’t your fault, this is my fault. So, I neglected Wendy’s -- to answer Wendy’s question on pricing. I want to come back to that. And then, I’ll come to Skin Care and Olay, Nik. Sorry about that Wendy.  In terms of support for pricing, the commodity cost impacts we’re talking about are significant. So, I talked about oil as important feedstock for many of our raw materials being up 50% year-on-year, transportation costs being up 25% after a year where they were up significantly before that. And those are all costs that retailers see and understand, in large part because they face the same cost increases in their private label brands, and certainly from a transportation standpoint, they’re seeing all the impacts that we are in and more. The questions that investors are raising relative -- all the questions that you mentioned relative to the pricing are the right ones to raise, and I wouldn’t dismiss any of them. But, the conversations to-date have been encouraging. What we don’t have visibility on, today, are the whole array of competitive activities. So, it’s certainly not sitting here today declaring victory. There’s a lot of work and volatility ahead of us. But, so far, nothing, as I said earlier, that’s definitive that has made overly concerned. Now, Nik going back to your questions. The Skin Care, if you look at Skin and Personal Care, which is how we look at the business, organic sales increased in the quarter double-digits about 13%. And very, very encouragingly, that growth is broad based. So, SK-II, up over 20%, the balance of the Skin Care portfolio, up close to 20%, Personal Care, up mid to high-single-digits, deodorants growing as well. If you take the 7% beauty segment growth and exclude SK-II, you would have seen growth of 5% in Q1. So, again, that’s reflective of very broad growth in the beauty portfolio. We’re growing share across that total business with all segments, either growing or holding share. In terms of China, we delivered across the Skin and Personal Care portfolio 22% growth, in Q1, SK-II did lead that as you would expect. But, Olay was close to 20% growth. Olay Skin has now delivered 6 quarters of double-digit growth in China, led by both, innovation, things likeOlay Whips but also the revitalization of the in-store experience and the Olay beauty counters. So, we also are seeing good growth not just offline but online in the Skin business, where e-commerce sales, if you look at the past 12 months in Skin Care up 60%. They’re up 50% calendar year-to-date ahead of the market. So, it’s a broad success story, not simply SK-II. 
Jon Moeller: Steve, my answer will likely frustrate, and I apologize for that in advance. But, it’s really too early to sort this out in a meaningful way for you. All signs -- early signs are positive, both in terms of retailer acceptance of the price increases and importantly of competitive announcements, both branded and private label manufacturers and their intent to take pricing. But, it’s not in the marketplace broadly. There are -- some of the Baby Care pricing is in the market, but it’s really, really early. We’ll know a little bit more by Analyst Day, but not a lot, given that’s only three or four weeks away. So, this is a conversation we’re going to continue to want to have as we go through the end of the calendar year and the beginning of next calendar year. I apologize for what may rightly appear like a non-answer but it is just because I don’t have one yet.
Jon Moeller: Fair question, Lauren. Part of the discussion that we had on retail inventory destocking, you’ll recall, was -- and frankly the largest part of the question had to do with channel mix and the relative mix of online versus offline, with online being generally lower inventory carrying channel. And of the things that occurred as we went through the quarter is that some of the significant investment that online retailers were making in consumer acquisition, decreased relatively significantly. And so, while still growing ahead of offline, the growth rates in online at a market level, as the quarter worked its way through, ended up being significantly less than had then the case, for instance, the quarter before, the quarter before that. And that’s one of the drivers of the impact. There was also a fair amount of channel mix beyond just the offline online dynamic that changed as we went through the quarter, which had an impact on where we actually came out. We were -- we tried to be very clear that the investments we were making with retailers were in assets, not just additional trade spending, and that we hoped that those investments in assets, whether that was displays, whether that’s placement, would earn the return that we expected it to, and that that has largely occurred. And we had even greater strength than we expected on some of our innovation launches, Pampers Pure for example, which now leads the naturals segment and diapers in track channels. So, a number of relatively favorable things came into play. Can those reverse themselves over time? Certainly. But, I also look at the progress that we made in market share as indicative of relative strength that should continue working for us as we go forward.
Jon Moeller: Drivers of the increase in market growth are all of the above, Joe. So, if you just look at our business as representative, the 4% volume growth -- sorry, 4% sales growth in the U.S. was on the back of 5% volume growth. So, there is some acceleration in unit consumption. We continue to see the premium parts of the portfolio in many cases growing at a faster rate than the balance of the portfolio. So, it’s innovation and mix up, that’s occurring. The promotion levels aren’t significantly different quarter-to-quarter or year-on-year. I mean, you have the Nielsen data. The percentage of our volume that moved on consumption on promotion is not significantly different from either the prior quarter or the year-ago quarter. And fundamentally, we have as we all know, a very low unemployment rates, some increases in wage rates, generally strong consumer confidence. And it’s playing through across all the drivers at a very modest level of acceleration in market growth that you would expect to see. On Gillette, I’d like to see 4 to 6 to 8 quarters of continued progress, and that’s certainly what we’re working to achieve.
Jon Moeller: We haven’t seen any appreciable impact of tariff situation on consumer attitudes towards brands. We certainly didn’t see that in the quarter, again with very strong growth rates across several of our brands. There is nothing that we’ve seen that would indicate a significant drop in the market growth rate across categories, either consumption levels or appetite for premium products. In fact, the categories again that we continue to do best on or the categories that we’re best positioned from a premium offering standpoint and the categories that we’re struggling more with, that’s less the case. The organic sales growth in China for the quarter was 4%. Again, if you flash back to minus 5% couple of years ago to plus 1%, plus 7% last year, there is a fair amount of volatility within the quarters. If we look at underlying consumptions and market share growth, market share actually improved quarter-to-quarter in China. So, I expect over couple of quarter period, we’re still solidly in the mid singles to high single digit growth rate there. I know there is a lot of concern that’s been expressed, not just with regard to our categories but more broadly. I understand the GDP figures were down that were released today, but GDP at 6.5% still offers significant opportunity. So, there is nothing that we are aware of today that has significantly changed our outlook for our business in China.
Jon Moeller: Well, I don’t want to get into a lot of details. The business in October and the momentum that it continues to indicate is not indicative of a situation where that will lead you to the believe that the July-September results were driven by a lot of pantry stocking, either here or in China across the brand portfolio. I don’t think that that is the case. In terms of our spread versus others on price, net price, I don’t expect a significant change. You are right. We have reduced couponing in a couple of categories; and you’re right that was because those coupons over redeemed and we wanted to pull that -- dial that back a little bit. There, we’re also -- we go through cycles and it’s different by category, by market where we’re introducing new products for example, and you’ll see an increase in the rate of couponing and promotion to drive trial. But, there’s nothing that is systemic, either up or down that I see relative to our desired net price premiums vis-à-vis our competitive set.
Jon Moeller: Private label, as you know, is primarily a European and U.S. dynamic, not entirely, but primarily. In Europe, private label market shares are down slightly after three years of basically flat performance. In the U.S., in a couple -- and in the U.S., the percentage of private label that are sold in a given category, varies dramatically from almost nothing to 20% to 30% of business that’s moved in a category. So, as a result of that, we would expect this -- the dynamics are very, very different by category. There are categories where we see continued retailer interest and increasing their private label presence. Private label market share in the quarter we just completed in aggregate was up about 40 basis points. Our share was also up about 40 basis points in aggregate. The category that’s seen the most increase in private label sales is the Family Care business. Our market shares are also doing very well and are increasing in that business. So, I hesitate to tell an overarching private label story because I don’t think there is one. But, it is definitely something that continues to be of interest to retailers across channels. That’s been the case for many, many years. And oftentimes, the increase in private label, which leads to a reduction in branded assortment, it’s very rare that that comes out of the number one or number two position brand in the market. That doesn’t mean we’re immune. Private label manufacturers are doing an increasingly good job at delivering quality products to consumers. And so, I’m not dismissive of it in any way, but also I think we’re well-positioned to deal with it.
Jon Moeller: The first question, what changed in terms of our pricing outlook? Frankly, not a lot. So, when we were talking about negative pricing in the first quarter in our own mind, that was kind of a minus 1-point impact where we ended up rounded to neutral. So, there wasn’t a massive change that occurred as we went through the quarter. We did take some additional steps to reduce, both inefficient trade spending and couponing, that improved things a little bit. And then there were price increases that we took in different parts of the world, particularly the developing markets. As the quarter progressed, the FX situation deteriorated rapidly, and that caused us to make moves that we wouldn’t have anticipated at the beginning of the quarter. In terms of the uncertainty looking forward. That is much more in my mind a competitive related concern than it is a customer related concern. And it’s not -- concern is probably not even the right semantic to use. It’s just the reality, when prices start moving in the marketplace, not everybody moves in lockstep and there are different dynamics that are introduced and capitalized on, different view by different manufacturers. So, it’s just very hard to look forward with a pure clean crystal ball and say here’s what’s going to happen. That would be disingenuous.
Jon Moeller: Price mix continues to benefit from our innovation efforts and our efforts to increase our level of superiority and advantage and solving fundamental consumer problems. So, the fastest growing parts of our portfolios, as I’ve indicated before are some of the premium price, more innovative segments where we’ve brought real performance difference into the marketplace, whether that’s unit does detergents, whether that’s fabric enhancer beads, whether that’s adult incontinence products, whether it’s some of the natural products, the net with and benefit efficacy and natural. So, all of that reflective of the strategy that we’ve described, and we’ll talk about more on Analyst Day are playing themselves out in the marketplace. The other difference that I just mentioned in response to the last question is that we are starting to put price in the market as it relates to both, commodities and foreign exchange. And I apologize, I’ve once again failed to remember parts of the question, but that’s the answer of the first part, at least.
Jon Moeller: Yes. First of all, Jason, it’s wonderful to hear from you without your barking dog. Just kidding. In terms of gross margin, I want to make a couple of things clear, both here and going forward. When you’re in these -- and this isn’t addressing your mix question, I’ll come to that in a second. But I just want to take advantage of your question to make this point. When you’re in an environment of increasing commodity and costs and foreign exchange hurts, it’s almost inevitable that you’re going to see margin compression, both on the gross and operating line. And that results from the simple fact that even if you’re 100% successful with your pricing plans, you are typically taking pricing to recover costs. You’re not taking pricing to recover margin. That’s not that you wouldn’t like to take pricing to recover margin but that’s not typically what you can accomplish. So, I do expect that as we go through the cycle, we’re going to continue to see some pressure. We’ll see if productively cost overcomes, but we’ll continue to see some pressure on margins. Relevant to mix, I mentioned earlier that some of the fastest growing portions of the portfolio are the premium price segments. There’s a very understandable belief, though it’s not accurate that those higher priced segments are higher margin. In fact, what’s true about that belief is that generally they’re higher penny profit per unit. So, we want to sell as many of them as we can. But they often come at a lower margin. So, the math of a shift in the business to unit dose detergents, to adult incontinence products, to pure natural products is a positive one from a value creation standpoint but it leads to negative margin mix. And I expect that to be with us as well as we continue to implement our superiority strategy, again with productivity there too will offset a significant portion of that. And in a benign commodity and FX environment, I would expect this to continue to grow margin. But, that doesn’t mean that that negative mix component would go away.
Jon Moeller: I don’t think anything significant has changed in terms of how we think about pricing. And some of the important components of that are, we want to whenever possible, link pricing to innovation moves, so that the total value that we’re offering consumers is accretive, not dilutive. And that will cause -- that has a significant impact on the timing on which pricing is taken. I mentioned that the categories in the U.S., we’ve announced additional pricing, we’ll be linking that to innovation which will come in the second half of the year. And generally, that’s a much more successful way to think about this. Short of that and a continued emphasis on that dynamic, no significant changes going forward. In terms of the percentage of -- for very understandable reasons, probably 80% of this conversation has been about pricing and ability to take pricing and ability to keep pricing. Again, I understand that. I am in no way frustrated or surprised by that. But, if I think about the percentage of volume of our internal conversations and planning, and what I really think is driving our business, pricing is a relatively small percent of that dialogue. We need to take pricing in some markets and in some categories. We’ll do that behind innovation when we can. But the much bigger driver of success, both in the quarter we just completed and going forward, is the execution of the broad strategy. Products -- first of all, the category choices that we’re playing in where performance determines brand choice, commitment to deliver superior performance in a superior package, communicated in the superior way, executed with excellence in store at a good value for both consumers and our retail partners, all underpinned by productivity and significant changes in the way that we’re organizing ourselves and strengthening our culture to be more responsive to emerging consumer needs, more efficient in those responses, more accountable in those responses. Those by far are the much more important things to think about as we think about both the quarter and the year going forward. Look, we’ll continue to talking about pricing as we should at Investor Day, but you’ll see the focus much more on that strategy, which again I think is much, much more fundamental in terms of what actually happened in the quarter that we just concluded and what the outlook is going forward.
