Jon Moeller: To underscore David's comments, we like our long-term prospects, rooted in service of consumers with increasing needs. The near term, though, will be challenging and is more difficult to predict. Our outlook starts with an assumption of how underlying consumer markets will develop. This by itself is highly uncertain. The reality is that COVID cases are increasing in many parts of the world, without the resources or infrastructure to effectively manage it. We'll likely be operating without a vaccine or advanced therapeutics through fiscal '21. This could prompt tighter containment policies and dramatically reduced mobility, which would affect employment and overall incomes, potentially leading to a deeper and longer recession across large parts of the world.  In the U.S., it's unclear how long we'll be operating at double-digit unemployment levels and how long there will be mitigating economic stimulus available. There continues to be social unrest and economic distress in many parts of the world that affect the prospects for category growth. These same dynamics result in an increased cost to operate. There's also a risk of supply chain disruption of our operations or those of our suppliers being shut down due to local mandates.  Against this challenging backdrop, we're holding ourselves to an expectation of meaningful growth, top line and bottom line and expect to be highly cash generative. We're targeting organic sales growth in the range of 2% to 4%. We expect to grow market share in aggregate for the year and markets where growth could range from flat to around 3% value growth.  We're targeting core earnings per share growth of 3% to 7% versus prior year core earnings per share of $5.12. The bottom line outlook reflects the full range of potential top line outcomes. It also incorporates $300 million after-tax of foreign exchange headwinds, largely offset by $275 million after-tax and commodity cost tailwinds. This outlook also includes a $150 million after-tax headwind from the combination of higher interest expense and lower interest income.  If you consider the quarterly cadence of the year, base period comps will play a significant role in top line trends. Organic sales growth should be stronger in the first half of the year and moderate in the second half as we annualize the recent acceleration in category growth. Bottom line growth should be somewhat stronger in the second half due mainly to higher cost productivity as the year progresses.  Fiscal 2021 will continue our long track record of significant cash generation and cash return to share owners. We're targeting another year of 90% adjusted free cash flow productivity. We expect to pay approximately $8 billion in dividends and repurchase $6 billion to $8 billion of shares. This outlook is based on current market growth rate estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates. Significant currency weakness, commodity cost increases, additional geopolitical disruptions, major production stoppages or additional store closures are not anticipated within this guidance range.  Now I'll hand it back quickly to David for closing comments.
Jon Moeller: And I'm going to take one step to the side, and then I'll come hopefully back to the middle here. Remember that the whole -- from an organization structure context, one of the driving forces and the design was to free up category leaders and sector CEOs to focus on the biggest opportunities, which were the focus markets where we generate 80% of our sales and 90% of our profit. And I, of course, don't want to assert direct causality, but there's nothing to indicate that isn't exactly what's happening. So in the U.S., we grew, as we've said earlier, 10% over the year, 19% in the last quarter. In China, we grew 8% over the year, 14% in the last quarter. Those are our 2 largest focus markets. So that part of the organization strategy is working well. We also wanted to move decision-making in enterprise markets closer to consumers, competitors, customers, with the hope that we would continue to provide strong growth in those markets, both on a top and bottom line standpoint, and that continues to be the case. We grew despite all the difficulty of the last year, 3% organically on the top line. We grew 16% on the bottom line. We exited the year with only 2 of the enterprise markets. That's over 100 countries, losing money, which is unprecedented for us. And we did that, we built that profitability despite significant headwinds and while growing market share. In aggregate, the enterprise markets were up 0.2 points. But we're happy with all of that. Now to get back to the middle and answer to your questions more directly. Yes, we're facing challenges in the enterprise market as a result of the current both health and economic crisis. And yes, it is affecting market sizes negatively. And no, that's not over and arguably continues to worsen.  In terms of our long-term view on these markets, they're an incredibly important piece of the company. We generated in enterprise markets, I think we crossed $14 billion in sales this year, $1.6 billion in aftertax profit. So they're meaningful and can create value. We want to be more consistent in our efforts to do that. So we have made changes to our business models, to our cost structures, to ensure that as we grow in these markets, we can do that profitably. But we remain committed to success in these markets and highly confident we can deliver that.
Jon Moeller: Just two comments. One, I'm glad you realize, and I know you always have, that the productivity savings do accrue more to the back half of the year than the front half of the year because that's going to be important as you think about your quarterly cadence for estimates next year because the same thing, the same pattern will hold true. We have learned a ton, as David was indicating, as a result of the experience we've been through the last 4 months. And one of the things I believe we've learned is that there is even more opportunity than we thought. I'll just give you one simple and obvious example, travel and entertainment. We never really -- I don't think could have imagined that we'd be accomplishing all we are with effectively 0 travel and entertainment. And that's not the right long-term answer. But the right long-term answer is not what we were doing previously. We've all become much more effective working in very different ways with digital tools, as David indicated. I think the general comfort with digital tools that are available to us makes it much more likely that we will seek those tools out in terms of improving our work efficiency and effectiveness across all of our activity systems. So there is -- David mentioned the manufacturing efficiency, which is clearly an opportunity as well. So we continue to be committed to productivity as a fundamental foundation stone in our strategy. It enables the investment in superiority, which grows markets and then flows through the income statement.
Jon Moeller: On consumer trade-down, as we've talked before, we're not immune to that, and that could become an increasing dynamic going forward to the extent unemployment grows and stimulus and support shrinks. But as we've also talked, we're in a much better position to deal with that than we have been historically. And I think the environment actually helps us as well. So let me quickly unpack that. We have focused our portfolio, as we've talked several times over in this call, in categories where performance drives brand choice. By definition then, a portion of the value equation is performance. And to the extent that we have an advantage in performance, that's noticeably -- that's noticeable and obvious. That, along with a fair price, albeit a small premium, is viewed as offering value. And we have a much higher percentage of our portfolio that's well positioned in that context than as we headed into the last recession. And the needs for performance, so the degree to which performance affects our consumer's personal value equation, vis-à-vis, price is higher than it's ever been, which also works in our favor. The -- to date, this can change, obviously. But to date, if you look at private label market shares as one proxy of trade down, we're not seeing it. Private label shares in aggregate across our categories in the U.S. were down 40 basis points in the last 3 months. They were essentially flat in Europe. Last point, we have significantly built out, not always perfectly, but we've built out our pricing ladders. We didn't have items like Tide simply available for consumers in the last recession, and we have many more of those currently. So again, we're not immune. It's real. The best way to attack it is with performance, noticeably superior performance at a fair value to have the right pack sizes available for consumers who are limited in terms of their cash outlay and double down on the strategy that's working versus stepping back.
Jon Moeller: So the first piece of context I'd provide on the top line guidance for next year, because I mentioned in our prepared remarks, it's all based on what we're expecting on market growth, and then we would expect to grow slightly ahead of that and continue building share. And as I mentioned, we see markets growing modestly, probably 1% to 3%. And so the 2% to 4% range is consistent with building share in that environment. If we look at our own forecast, Nick, for top line growth in enterprise versus the balance of the market, they're both within that range. So we're going to continue to expect not only total company growth, but both focus on enterprise market growth on both the top and bottom line. Clearly, in the current context, so let's just use that as a proxy for the future, we're seeing very strong growth in U.S. and China, as we've talked. If you look at the quarter, growth in Europe was much more modest, but that has picked up recently. And clearly, while we expect growth from the enterprise markets, they're currently the most challenged just in terms of the operating environment and the economic -- both economic and health pressures that families are feeling.
Jon Moeller: I think, Robert, we are -- to your question of are we relatively advantaged within that broadly defined channel, including omni commerce and brick and click, et cetera. I continue to believe we are. That's no reason to rest. But as you and I have talked before, it is in reality a limited assortment environment from a practical shopping standpoint. And as a result of that, the barriers to entry are very, very high. The need to be on the first and second page of a search, preferences large established superior brands, which we have. Again, no guarantee of the future and no reason to rest. But we embrace the evolution of markets towards e-commerce.
Jon Moeller: Andrea, as you can probably appreciate, the monthly cadence, if you will, is very different by category, by market and it has been volatile. Recently, it's hard to make coherent sense out of it. But the overall thought that I would give you is that it's remained strong throughout. July has remained strong. But we also have to remember that all of that's happened, for instance, in a U.S. context with significant financial stimulus. And we don't know as we sit here today, what the future of that is going to look like and whether it will exist. And that's just one example of the pretty dramatic unknowns that make it difficult for me to say because July has started off well, we should assume the first quarter is going to be strong. I can't say that.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, everybody. Jon and Kerry and myself will be available the balance of the day. We're at our normal work numbers, feel free to contact us. I know it's a busy day for many of you. I will also be here tomorrow. Thanks.
David Taylor: We delivered a very strong fiscal 2020, meeting or beating each of the key goals we set out at the start of the year in a challenging and volatile market. We believe we have a bright future ahead. We have the right strategies, portfolio and daily-use categories where performance drives brand choice, superiority and products, packages, consumer communication, retail execution and value, productivity in all areas of cost and cash, constructive disruption in all facets of the operation and improved organizational focus, agility and accountability. We feel we have the right priorities to deal with the immediate challenges the company is facing, ensuring the health -- employee health and safety, maximizing product availability and helping society overcome the challenges of the crisis. We're stepping forward, not back. We're doubling down to serve consumers and communities. We're investing in the superiority of our brands and the capabilities of our organization.  We're doing this in our interest, in society's interest, in the interest of our long-term share owners with an eye fixed on long-term balanced growth and value creation.  With that, we would be happy to answer your questions.
David Taylor: Wendy, I'll make one comment, then I want to turn it to Jon because he has direct responsibility for the enterprise markets. The comment I'd make is the organizational structure change we made has really helped us deal with this recent pandemic. We grew in enterprise markets where they're facing just a range, as you know, of very big challenges. But if anything, it's reinforced the strength of the organization of choice and actually the possibilities we see for the future. I want to turn it to Jon to talk how we're dealing with it directly. But no, we haven't changed our long-term view on the attractiveness of the enterprise markets.
David Taylor: Certainly. All good questions -- many questions there. First, the -- if I look at what's happened for the last couple of years, if anything, it's just reinforced the set of choices that we've made. What we are seeing and the pandemic's, frankly, accelerated is consumers are right now moving more and more back to trusted brands. The pandemic has actually put many, many more people back in their homes. And if you think about health, hygiene and cleaning categories, and we said it a lot, and sometimes I think people get tired of it, but it's categories where performance drives brand choice really matters. And I think it matters even more now.  We were seeing that before the pandemic because we grew very, very well in the first half of the year, 6%, and we saw it through the pandemic. But those -- that focus on health, hygiene and cleaning and are having things that really matter. And one of the other points that I think in the strategy that's really working and it fits what's going on right now is because of the shift to e-commerce, there's tremendous pressure on retailers, and frankly, all participants on profitability. So if your strategy is one where innovation grows the category size, when you do that, you create the larger pie, which allows both the retailer to increase their profitability, to manufacture, and it doesn't put the rest of the industry in a bad place. It's actually in a better place. So to me, I believe the strategy is actually moving in the right place.  You mentioned ESG, I think it's another area where P&G has particular strengths. Well before it was in vogue, P&G has always had a position of being a very strong corporate citizen. We have stood up in both social sustainability and environmental sustainability with sustained efforts in those areas. It's the way we operate. It's consistent with our values. And so as there's been a greater focus on that, I think that as well matters because consumers more and more, as well as all stakeholders, one on the values of the company is behind the brand. And I think that also plays well to the strategy. What I feel one of the things best about is we have not had to make big shifts in our strategy as a result of what's happened. It's just reinforced the importance of it.  And the final point I'd make is the organizational changes that we made, which are putting more accountability closer to where our consumers or customers are and recognizing the inherent strength of our people and capability of the organization in unleashing it to me has shown sequentially stronger and stronger results and better and better activation of that strategy. And you saw it going into the crisis because, again, the crisis accelerated trends that were happening and our people stepped up magnificently well and beyond trying to deliver the business. They initiated many of these projects to, can we make mask and donate them? Can we make hand sanitizers and donate some of those? Face shields, we've never made. But a group -- 2 different groups decided they could repurpose some of our packaging equipment and turn that packaging equipment into something that can make face shields, and we've shipped hundreds of thousands of face shields to the medical community. But it just shows you that when you have engaged people that care about both the consumers and the communities, what they can do. So it's just we accelerated the choices we've made. And Kevin, I think it's put us in a very good position coming out of the pandemic because of the capabilities we've been developing.
David Taylor: Again, several questions. First, when the pandemic hit, yes, in some categories, we went to more simplified SKU lineups in order to maximize the capacity of the high turn items. And I'm sure we and many others did that. And we learned through that as well. In some cases, where there were some smaller volume SKUs that meet special consumer needs, and they will come back. There's also some opportunities for some continued SKU rationalization to better serve consumers and meet the retailers' needs. So both of those are happening. It's very category specific on what we're doing. But I'd say, in general, there's a sharper look at can we have a more focused portfolio with really differentiated products. So I think, yes, that will continue.  The change in manufacturing to me, in order to adjust the agility needed, I think is one of the other things that's really been an area that we're working before, but coming into the crisis and then through it. Looking at business continuity plans, the total supply system, look at the appropriate number of suppliers in order to ensure you have the agility to react to instantaneous capacity swings that we're seeing. I think there's all been learning in those areas. I expect on the other side of this, again, varying by category, but there will be some streamlining in order to meet the needs. And in some of the categories, because there will be a sustained increase in consumption, we're looking at what we need to do to ensure we have the right capacity to meet those needs. Because I think a lot of the spike that we've seen is not going to go away in some of these categories. Consumers are developing new habits. And I think many of us believe that will last well beyond the pandemic.
David Taylor: Olivia, first, just the last thing you said, whether most of this coming from the established brands or long tail, our core is going very well. Fabric care is growing. Fabric, tissue/towel, Home Care, Health Care, all going very well. Our Beauty business grew very well last year. Skin Care, Personal Care, APDO, antiperspirant and deodorant, all that grew well. So the core grew well, and again, it's central to the strategy, and it's obviously the biggest part of the business. And the 2 biggest markets grew were U.S. and China. If I look forward, in order for us to be a dependable long-term grower, we have to grow the core. And the strategy is focused on making sure the core is healthy. And the core has to continue to extend to address new benefits that are relevant in those categories. And there's many, many examples we've given in the past of that, and certainly, we get more of the Home Care examples that you see out with Microban and many of the other things that occurred on Mr. Clean brand and Febreze brands over time. We also believe in RC and certainly, some of the additional investments we've made are paying out, both internally developed innovation as well as some of the acquired innovation. Our track record is getting increasingly better on those as well. And this year, we have certainly some things coming out of our P&G venture. But that's a small portion of the total company. But what it does speak to is innovation is driven core, core and more and then in new benefit spaces, new jobs that we can do.  To me, it speaks to just the whole innovation process is working in the company. But I fully expect for the year that we're going into right now and the next several years, the core will be the biggest driver of that. And there's still significant opportunities. So what I wouldn't think is we're in mature categories. 4 years ago, people said we are mature categories. And now you see big established businesses and take Fabric & Home Care, that it have moved from low single digits to mid-single digits to high single digits in many, many countries. And if you get down to the next level and look at household penetration by item, and what you see is many of them are in the 10% to 30% range and 10% to 30%, which means the majority of consumers haven't used the product in the last year and haven't experienced the new benefit of the improved performance that we've built. So -- and we've gone back to rediscover the opportunity to build household penetration, new users, grow the market size, leverage superiority to bring their users in and then leverage additional benefits to trade people up to higher order performance. That's happened across the 10 core categories. And then when you do it well, you grow share. And probably the best example I gave earlier was in Personal Health Care where virtually every brand grew share over 3, 6 and 12 months. And it's because of new innovation that they bought to the market. It's delighting the consumers. So core, core and more and then our venture effort to me is it's now producing new brands with Zevo, an update coming out this year.
David Taylor: We'll take a cut at some of those. I'm not sure I have all the specifics. Although some of those, we can certainly get you afterwards. The e-commerce business has been growing for now several years in the 30% to 40% range. As you know, we're most developed in China. The U.S. is also growing extremely fast, and we expect it to continue. We've adjusted -- and again, it fits with the strategy. We've adjusted our supply chain, including our packaging capability, to be able to meet the needs of e-commerce, consumers and e-commerce aggregators that had different needs because of the -- instead of shipping it in a case in a pilot load to a store. It's in each going through a different path to the consumer, and that's worked well. One of the things we've worked very hard on and is present today is we want e-commerce shares growing in absolute, and we want e-commerce shares to be equal or higher than their off-line shares, and we're working to have the same profitability. And we've made very good progress on both of those as well in the U.S. and China and in Europe. And that will continue to be a priority. We want to be agnostic to where the consumers buy the product. In the most recent period, the U.S. e-commerce business that was up 50% in fiscal '20, we all know there's a spike driven by COVID. How much of that will sustain? We'll see. But I think many are developing new habits. So I think we are prepared for that to continue to grow at that pace and meet the consumers' needs and we've developed. The last point I'd make, additional capability because we've worked with many of the e-commerce companies in the bricks-and-mortar to omni providers to ensure that we minimize the cost from when we make it to when the consumer gets it, working with them to reduce the transportation or last mile. So all of those are active strategies. We can -- other than the 50% U.S., if there's more specifics that you need, ask Jon so he can to follow up with you after this meeting to get any more specifics by quarter.
David Taylor: Okay. Cody, let me take a couple of those and some of the data. Certainly, I don't know what's happening with competitors on capacity. Home Care had an outstanding year. And again, in Home Care, in our world, is Dish Care, surface care and air care. So those categories and those brands globally. The category grew about 16% this year -- or our results rather, we grew ahead of the category and grew share. In terms of capacity, there are areas like our Microban launch that went out in February that we are capacity constrained now because we launched right as it was hitting, and the notes to us and the demand spiked. Today, the run rate is now in a couple of hundred million dollar range, which is more than we expected at the time we launched. We expected more of a -- more typical build although we knew it was a very attractive product because of the sustained surface benefit -- surface scale benefits it offered. In areas like Swiffer and hand dish, we're also working very hard to make sure we get inventories back up, but the demand spiked. You can imagine with people now fixing more meals at home are Dawn and around the world, Fairy. And our automatic dish, which would be cascading around the world Fairy, both of those have spiked. And we've seen the Home Care category, if I take the U.S., sometimes the category size over many of these weeks has been in the 1.30 to 1.40 range. We've been able to meet most of that need. There are again some specific items where we're working very hard to increase the capacity, and that will be coming on and kind of feather in over the next couple of quarters. But we continue to ship very, very well. And we're getting back both shelves, and eventually, the customer inventory and our inventory is back in line, but we're not there yet as we close the fiscal year and certainly into July. And as of through this July, we have not seen the demand slow down very much yet in the Home Care area, which bodes well for the year.
David Taylor: First, the first question, how do we feel about SK-II? Very committed and thrilled that we have it. There was certainly a bump the last 4 months that hit us hard with mainly travel retail business. But if you look even at the last few months in China, growing very nicely now. And as we go into the year works, we continue to be optimistic about the brand. Consumers love the brand. And we have brands focused on meeting consumer needs and SK-II does a great job. It's had several years of sustained top and bottom line growth. And frankly, I'm not discouraged at all by a 4- or 5-month dip because, largely, the travel retail business got impacted. In the markets that it competes with the consumers in where it is present, it continues to do well, and it's already starting to rebound. So now we're very committed to SK-II. And if I step back at the global Skin and Personal Care business, which includes, again, the Personal Care, APDO, Skin Care and Prestige skin, that whole category, even with what happened to SK-II, grew nicely last year, in the upper mid-single digits, indicating that the broad portfolio can weather a hit like that, and it's consistently the global Beauty has consistently been performing well for the last couple of years. And so they're optimistic again that the business that was travel retail will find itself somewhere else if consumers looking for the brand will go where they can find it. And we've seen that more recently with the rebound in China with SK-II.
David Taylor: Sure. While we've seen a hit in the COVID period, Grooming up through January was actually making very good progress. And even with the COVID hit and people at home and less shaving because of people not going outside or may not going outside, it still grew this last year. And if I take up through January, the first 7 months of the year, it was growing faster. It was the fastest growth we've seen in several years. We've actually seen an increase this year in new users. We've got the fastest new user growth we've seen in many years, which means people are coming in. What we have done, though, and this is important, we have a -- certainly, the male Blades & Razors is the biggest part of the business, but we have male and female. We have the full ladder, including disposables, which have again grown. And now we've gotten a very fast-growing appliance business, call it Braun, which is growing share, and it's growing double digit right now as people have moved to a dry form in some places. And then we've launched a King C. Gillette initiative to address men with hair. So the shave category is really now embraced. The category is growing and is taking care of people with here, without facial hair, men, women, all price points. And as it does that, to me, it's right now creating a strategy that will allow it to grow in most environments. And I believe we will see, as people go back to look in offices and outside the home, we'll see a pickup in the wet shave rate. In the meantime, we'll continue to see very robust growth in dry save, very robust growth in this King C. Gillette new brand that addresses many of the tools needed for people with facial hair for grooming facial here. So it's also a highly profitable business that continues to -- that we're very committed to long term. One other comment, we grew double digits in China this last year, which is another indication that as the economy came back and while it's not post-COVID, China has returned more to a more normal operating environment than most countries and Grooming is growing double digit in that country, which, again, tells me that the broader portfolio can and will grow in the future and create value for the company.
David Taylor: One other -- just to offer is, to a large degree, it depends on what you believe the markets in broad will grow. I think Jon's earlier statement, and certainly, our view is we will grow ahead of the market, and our innovation will be a stimulant to market growth. But there are macro factors that are big enough, whether it's the recession, the COVID impact, disruptions to supply chain, but it's very hard to predict. We ended the quarter with good momentum. And certainly, as we go into the quarter, good momentum. The health, hygiene and cleaning categories, we think will be focused -- will be focused categories for consumers. And it's your guess as good as ours on when people will and increasing in numbers would turn back to offices and be working outside the home. At this point in time right now, it looks like in the U.S., that's slowing down, but it varies all over the world. In aggregate, we think we're well positioned for whatever comes at us to do better than what the market would give. And we'll work very hard to make sure that we continue to be good contributors to our consumers, our customers and to the communities in which we operate. Thank you. Thank you all.
