Andre Schulten: Yes. Good morning, Steve. Let me maybe start with productivity to reassure you on the ability to deliver significant productivity and then I'll turn it into the discussion on investments. We have increased our productivity numbers for the year back to pre-COVID levels. So we have good visibility to a significant step up versus what we were able to do during COVID, where we had to limit our productivity efforts to some degree to benefit innovation and shipping cases. With line time being available, we have now full ability to qualify those cost savings on the line. We have built digital capabilities to increase the speed of reformulation to drive superiority at lower cost. We have increased our ability to qualify new supply chains, if necessary, in order to reduce cost. We're improving the capability of our working teams and the plans to drive more efficient operations there. And we are constantly looking at our end-to-end supply chain, including logistics to drive costs out. And we feel very good about our continued efforts to drive cost of goods productivity. We'll talk more about that as we discuss Supply Chain 3.0. But the runway is there. The capabilities are there and we're seeing the visibility on the fiscal year results. On the media side, we also feel very good about our ability to drive continued investment in reach and quality of reach and better targeting while being able to flow productivity dollars to the bottom line to help offset some of the headwinds that we're seeing. We now have more than 50% of our media spend in digital. We are increasing our first-party data and our digital capabilities to increase precision of reach, not only in the US or in Europe, but around the world. And that is allowing us to drive significant productivity while increasing reach, while increasing quality of reach, and while more precisely targeting our consumers. Over the past three years, we have significantly increased spend in media by more than $1.2 billion. That's on top of the productivity we have generated over those years and on top of sales leverage. So we're also starting, I would argue from a very rich support plan for our brands. In terms of reinvestment of those savings and reinvestment of those savings reinvestment of those savings reinvestment capability within the P&L construct, we are not deprioritizing innovation. We will not deprioritize innovation. Every innovation that we've delivered in the market has created value and has continued to create value and contribute to our results. And in the overall results, we see that our approach of driving superiority is actually the strongest driver of our ability to limit volume impact, all pricing moves enable us to continue to price and deliver value to the consumer. So in aggregate, I think the team has full confidence that we can balance what we see, but it will require careful balance and doubling down on productivity to sustain innovation and investment in our group.
Andre Schulten: Good morning Dara. The guidance of 3% to 5% is really grounded in what we believe the market will be. We see some softening in the market as we have communicated, about 3% to 4% value growth is what we're expecting the market to be. We want to grow slightly ahead of that. As you say, the first quarter gives us a good level of confidence that we're within the right range, but we're also very early in the year. So, we believe -- confirming the range is prudent. In terms of volume elasticity in my earlier remarks, as I said, we feel very encouraged by the fact that we were able to realize 9% of pricing in organic sales growth and effectively only see about a point of reduction in volume, which speaks to favorable elasticities speaks to our strategy working and providing consumers value with innovation even as we take pricing. As we always do, we assume that these elasticities return to historical levels over time. But certainly, the first quarter is a good indication. It gives us confidence that the approach we've taken around the world in terms of combining pricing with innovation and productivity in order to offset the cost is the right approach.
Andre Schulten: Good morning Bryan. I can't speculate or give you an answer on future pricing. We adjust in the execution of the second pricing round for many of our brands. We took pricing on all our categories in the last fiscal year, covering about 80% of sales. We're now in the second round covering about 85% of sales and that's what we see flowing through in the first quarter. Many of these price increases in the second round are being executed in September and October. For the future, we will continue to observe where our cost headwinds go where foreign exchange rate goes. It's a very dynamic environment. We will continue to carefully balance innovation, pricing, and productivity.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. Good morning, Kaumil. Look, the commodity cost increases are broad-based and different by commodity class. So, for example, we continue to see pulp increase. There is some relief on propylene and ethylene. But, in aggregate, we are not seeing broad enough relief on the input side to offset some of the inflation that is also coming from our suppliers. We call -- we don't buy propylene. We don't buy ethylene. We buy packaging materials. We buy super absorbers and materials that are secondary to that direct commodity impact. And that inflation is included in our $2.4 billion commodity headwind. So relatively stable on the commodity side. On the freight side, transportation and warehousing, as mentioned in the opening comments, we see some easing and we expect about $100 million less in headwinds, so $200 million after tax, down from $300 million. You see that market getting more back to [Audio Gap] contract prices as well. So that's been reflected. And then foreign exchange rate, obviously, is broadly across all currencies as the US dollar strengthens really around every currency in the world. And that's where we have bigger increase versus our initial guidance range about $400 million due to the ForEx effects that we've described.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Morning Nik. As you know, we generally orient our outlook on what we know today in terms of foreign exchange rate dynamics, in terms of commodity costs, in terms of energy costs. So that's what is built into our reconfirmed guidance range. When you look at the consumer side and the market side, obviously, we see high pressure on the European consumer, with high inflation and certainly, as the energy costs will hit the consumer over the winter period, depending on how much support from the European governments provided and when we need to be extra careful in terms of ensuring that consumers have appropriate access to our portfolio, making sure that we give the right value to them via superiority, strong innovation, the right price letter the right value tier offerings. So we expect Europe to be tough from a consumer environment standpoint, but well positioned from our portfolio standpoint in order to be able to compete in that market. The same is true for the US. We continue to focus with our retail partners to have broad access across our portfolio for consumers, so they can make the right choices. As we said before, price ladder is increasingly important, cash outlay choices are increasingly important, and that's what we'll continue to focus on. Enterprise markets are holding up well. And that's a key growth driver also in the quarter. You've seen all enterprise markets grow mid-teens and even LA growing at 23%. So we'll continue to drive the same strategy in enterprise markets of providing superiority pricing and productivity.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Kevin, we expect a slowdown from the growth rate we've seen over the past years, which was 5% to a more modest 3% to 4%. That is still the case. We continue to believe that the majority of that growth will be price driven with a negative volume component, as you would expect given the inflationary pressure. We don't have more detail by region at this point in time, and it's really not -- it's really not a constructive forecast exercise to try to bring this down into a lower level of detail. So 3% to 4%, still underlying our forecast. We want to grow slightly ahead of that, which is reflected in our guidance range.
Andre Schulten: Yes. To start with the US, we see strong growth in non-covered markets. That's explaining the overall stronger growth. So, just looking at the covered market here is maybe not reflecting the full reality that we've seen in the first quarter. So, broader growth in the US higher than what we've seen in just the covered markets. On the enterprise market side, same dynamic as in the rest of the world, we continue to see strong contribution from pricing, obviously, and the combination of us taking pricing, but driving innovation and priority at the same time, allows us to drive strong organic sales growth.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Morning Olivia. China, I think you've answered the question. So, I will leave it there. We will continue to invest. I think our teams are very well set up, but we need consumability to return in order for China to return to mid-single-digit growth. So, I'll leave it at that. In terms of competitive spending, I won't speculate. I think the fact is, obviously, local competitors, as you mentioned, and non-US dollar-denominated competitors, multinational competitors have -- I don't see the same headwinds in terms of foreign exchange. Our strategy continues to double down on our own priority, continue to double down on our own investment. And as Jon said, our commitment to continue to drive Irresistible Superiority is relentless. And that is going to be even more important in some of those market category combinations where we see local or non-US dollar-based competition play.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Hi, Bill. Look, maybe the macro indication of trade down is two-fold. Our value shares in aggregate are holding, as we said, and private label shares, which is the other indicator for a trade down in the market, are growing modestly, both in the US and in Europe. When you look at the US, we see value share for private label increasing 30 basis points over the past three and six months. In Europe, we're looking at about 20 basis points of growth. Some of that is simply driven by supply dynamics. So where in the US, for example, where we see private label growth in our categories would be in bath tissue or in paper towels, where private label in the base period was not supplying well and we kind of picked up that supply over quarter one and quarter two of last fiscal year. Now, as private label is in supply and merchandising is reinstated, we see some growth. Encouragingly, when you then look at our Family Care business, sequential share is holding. So there is no direct link of private label growth and us not being able to continue to hold our share position or even expand our share position. Overall, trade down within our portfolio is the design. That's why we have created different value tiers; that’s why we have created different pack sizes. So some level of consumer shifting is expected. We are very encouraged by many of our consumers actually continuing to look for the upper end of our portfolio. And I mentioned the Fabric Care example. Our biggest growth in the Fabric Care share is in the single unit dose segment in the total market, and we're driving that growth. So we're encouraged there. So we see trends in both directions. Part of the consumers continue to look for the upper end of the portfolio. Some consumers who are more exposed from a cash outlay or value standpoint, find a solution within our more value-focused tiers.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Morning Mark. Look, the outlook for the year is still 3% to 4%. This won't be a straight line. The best visibility we have is on the total year at the global level, trying to break this down into quarters or try to break this down as geographies is not helpful in our mind. So, we go quarter-by-quarter. The market growth dynamic by category are not fundamentally different from what we're observing. As I said, the only driver that is visible from a COVID to post-COVID world is in the surface cleaning and hygiene space, where we see a slowdown in the category growth. But other than that, the core drivers that we had predicted to help us deliver market growth is a focus on health and hygiene, more time at home and more focus from consumers on our categories. Our main job here is to drive category growth, and that's what we're really focused on, drive new jobs to be done, drive household penetration where there is potential, drive usage of patients via regimen use, and that's what we're focused on in our innovation and in our communication and in the market execution.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Hey, Andrea, let me take this. The value tier and price point portfolio that we were describing has been implemented over the past years. So this is not something that we're doing ad hoc in reaction to market dynamics we are observing. This is something that has been part of the strategy for many years. So the introduction of Simply Tide or Tide Simply, the introduction of strengthening of labs, for example. So that has been there for a number of years. Also the strategy of having different opening price points from under $10 to a higher transaction size as has been part of our portfolio for many years. What we're doing carefully as we said all along, is when we price, our price execution is really tailored by SKU by category, by brand, by market. So that's why we pay attention to ensure that as we price, we maintain the right structure on shelf, be that virtual or physical shelf. Again, I can't comment on additional pricing in the second half. As Jon indicated, you would from a market perspective, expect that some pricing annualizes here during the next two quarters, but the situation is still volatile. So we will continue to look at what we're facing and employ a combination of innovation, pricing and productivity.
Andre Schulten: Yes. On the media investment, I think we really need to shift focus. It is difficult to describe media sufficiency in dollars, especially when we are actively shifting our spending from linear non-targeted TV into programmatic and into digital spend, that is a lot more targeted and a lot more precise in terms of delivering reach and quality of reach where we need it. So spending reduction might not necessarily correlate with this investment. So we continue to, as Jon said, we committed to drive superiority of our brands. We will not step back from that, and that for us means higher reach, higher quality of reach, higher targeting capability, which we've built around the world, and that's the measure of success for us. If we deliver that, the dollars are an outcome, not the determining factor of efficiency of investment. On the price and promotion side, Jason, we've seen promotion levels come down during COVID, as you know, from above 30% pre-COVID to, I think, 16% was the low during the COVID period. We now see in our categories, promotion coming back up somewhere between 27% to 30%, which is to be expected. For us, the most important element is to use promotions in the right way. If we are able to drive regimen, for example, by co-promoting, co-merchandising, laundry detergent, and fabric enhancers where we have significant penetration opportunities in fabric enhancers, it grows the category, it drives incremental purchase, and it drives repeat of the trial if we do it right. Same is true in Baby Care. When we co-promote wipes with diapers, it drives higher usage in a relatively more underdeveloped category, which is wipes. So, in that sense, promotion can be a driver of growth, market growth, and profit growth, and that's how we want to use it.
Andre Schulten: On the pricing to gross margin reconciliation, I suggest you go back to our IR team for them to give you the math off-line. On the pantry inventory, we do have some data. We have in-home consumer data, specifically in the US and many other markets that allows us to see their relative pantry inventory. So, it's based on that observation in the market. But it's not illogical to assume that high inventories that were built during the COVID phase, for example, in bath tissue and paper towels slowly drawing down. I would tell you that we're still seeing somewhat higher levels than we've seen pre-COVID, but none of this is material. It's more an element of consumer behavior we're observing. So, it's nothing that would stand out in terms of the construct of the market growth or forecast.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Only point to add is and the combination of value shareholding globally and in the US is a strong indication in our mind that the strategy of driving superiority even in inflationary environment is the right strategy for P&G. So, we'll continue to double down, as we said in our opening remarks.
Andre Schulten: With that, I just want to remind you quickly that we'll be hosting an Investor Day here in Cincinnati on the afternoon and evening of Thursday, November 17th. You should have received the registration e-mail in early September. If you didn't receive it and would like to attend, please get in touch with John and our IR team. Thank you for your time and have a great week.
Jon Moeller: Hey, Steve, this is Jon. I agree with everything that Andre said, just one additional short comment. If we find ourselves, which we don't currently, in a position where we have to choose between investing in the business and delivering a bottom line target, we will invest in the business.
Jon Moeller: Good morning, Lauren. Yes, as you stated in your question, we seeing global value share and value share in the US holding, which is a great signal to our strategies working of providing value to consumers via innovation, as we price contribution of 9% on the quarter, with volume being down 3%, but the majority of that volume, so more than two points actually driven by Russia. Also is a good indication that the strategy of irresistible superiority works even in an inflationary environment where we need to take pricing. The US specifically, as you mentioned, our all outlet share is flat. We've seen strong growth in the US of 5%. There is some volume reduction, as you would expect, with the price increase and inflationary pressures, we see volume contracting by about a point or two and that is consumer behavior around entry inventory reduction, stretching purchasing cycles, and maybe being a bit more careful in terms of dosing. But overall, we're still able to grow sales within the market and hold share within the market at this point. To specifically talk to some of the categories you mentioned and maybe consumer behavior there. We talked about our fabric care situation in the last earnings call, where we were supply constrained on some of the portfolio in quarter three and quarter four of last fiscal year. We had reduced media spending and have reduced merchandising support stretching into quarter one of this fiscal year. And that certainly has resulted in some share pressure, which you would have seen in the xAOC shares. We feel very good about the team being able to reinstate supply to full efficiency. They have also reinstated media. They have reinstated merger support and strengthened merger support, and we're seeing our Fabric Care business coming back. Our volume share in the most recent read is actually up. We see continued strong growth on single unit dose, where the majority of the market growth is, and we're driving that market growth. In terms of consumer sentiment, in general, we see part of the consumer base in Fabric Care, for example, trending up, as I mentioned, into single unit dose. We see some growth also in our mid-tier brands as consumers are looking for value within our portfolio. They're trading into game, or into simply tied, for example, where we see some level of share growth. And that's the intent of our vertical portfolio, and our strategy to provide different value tiers to consumers. We are also seeing consumers moving two different price points. So a group of consumers is looking for value by trading into higher transaction sizes, to find lower cost per use by lower cost per unit, and we see other consumers who are more cash conscious, and they are very focused on cash outlay. So again, the other part of the strategy to provide pack sizes that stretch from below $10 for some channels and consumers to above $30 or $40 for others seems to be meeting consumers needs. So broadly, we feel good about the position we're in. There are some dynamics in terms of supply and base period that will be with us for a period of time. We remain supply constrained on a few categories, where we will see share pressure. Tampons, for example, the premium tier of our Fem Care pets business and on some health – some side of the health care business. But overall, we don't see any negative reaction, and we feel reconfirmed in our strategy by what we see in consumers' behavior.
Jon Moeller: I think some of the -- I mean, the clearest explanation of all of this, if there is such a thing, in a very complex world is that, value is found at the intersection of price, product performance, as Andre has said, and usage experience. It's not just price. Price is an important component, but those other components are equally important. And as Andre has said several times during the call, we continue to invest heavily in performance and in the usage experience and are hopeful that we can maintain a value proposition for most consumers. Some will, out of necessity trade down. And as Andre said, we have offerings to meet them where they are as well. But I think, again, to cut through this, you have to think about the totality of the value proposition to make sense of what's happening.
Jon Moeller: And as you think about market and market growth, at some point, the whole market has priced. At some point, that annualizes and it's less of a contributor to topline growth. Yes, volume will hopefully be a partial offset to that. But I think it's normal to expect kind of a reversion to the mean as we get through the pricing cycle.
Jon Moeller: Just to build on a point that Andre made because the question keeps being raised, which is perfectly fine, but it means we're maybe not being as clear as we can. I'll just give you the example of North America to hopefully give you confidence in our investment posture. We had a discussion with the North American team a couple of weeks ago. Andre was there. I was there. Charles was there. And they had prepared perspective by category on dollar spend versus a year ago. And I walked into the room and said, this isn't helpful. What we need to understand is what are our reach objectives and are we sufficient and spending to achieve those reach objectives, what are our objectives in terms of number of weeks on air achieving that reach. And that's how we'll measure sufficiency. Now, I want to do that. We want to do that as cost effectively as possible. But that's the plan, and we went through an insured that category-by-category, we had sufficient reach and we had sufficient weeks of media and where we determine that we might not, then there was a discussion with the business leaders on what we could do to ensure that, that happened. So, we're spending a fair amount of time on this. We're very committed to it. And it's -- I'm sure it's frustrating because you don't have visibility to all of that. You just have visibility to the dollars, which I completely understand. As Andre also said, one other dynamic is we're moving a lot of the marketing activity set in-house. And so the cost for that in terms of, for example, purchasing media moves out of the advertising budget and into the overhead budget. So, that also affects the spend period-to-period. Hopefully, that helps.
Jon Moeller: Hey just one thing as we wrap this up, and I'll turn it back to Andre. If you step back from all of this -- as I step back from all of this, I am just incredibly pleased with our team and what they've accomplished. 7% organic sales growth against the context of Russia, Ukraine, what's happened in China where the market is down mid-singles, that is truly a fantastic work; communicating the value of our offerings, improving the value of our offerings as we take necessary pricing, maintaining topline momentum of the business, great work. The other piece that I that I think portends a strong future is the work, as Andre mentioned at the onset of the call that's happening on productivity. Between commodities, FX, and warehousing and transportation, we had a 32-point negative AT impact on the quarter, and this team was able to offset 30 points of that 32 through the combination of pricing and productivity. So, that's the big picture, in my view, and I couldn't be happier.
