Jon Moeller: I could complete the whole call there. On the first part of your question, we're very pleased with the top line growth in the quarter that we just completed. As you all know, we delivered 7% as you mentioned in the prior quarter, our guidance was three to five for the full fiscal year, implying something below that beyond the first quarter, and we delivered at the high end of that range. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks that growth was broad based both across categories and regions. And we built market share. From an underlying consumption standpoint, you've seen the uptick numbers, at least through December, which continue to be very strong. And we really haven't seen anything that would cause us to change that outlook kind of first part of the current quarter. So all the fundamentals are there, our superiority levels continue to increase, we're investing behind that while building margins. We're building market share and increasingly the growth is broader as you look at both categories and geographies. We did have some headwinds in the quarter from two items. You mentioned probably three. You mentioned one which is Japan and that had a half point impact which benefited the prior quarter. The other dynamic has been a series and I mentioned this also in my prepared remarks of geopolitical, economic, societal and other impacts in individual markets. I mean, think about what's happened in the last – well, since we last gathered even. The situation in the Hong Kong market has continued to be difficult, which had a real impact on the quarter and had an impact on the travel retail business. Some of the market level events in South America whether that's Argentina or Chile, where stores were burnt and are not yet back in place. Some of the events that you're very familiar with in our headline items in the Middle East impacted our business as well. And those items will impact us going forward for the balance of the year. I'm very – we're very pleased that we were able to overcome all of that, and still deliver very strong numbers that built share and build household penetration and allow us to deliver significant bottom line benefits. From a competitive environment standpoint which was the second part of your question. Promotion levels – percentage of sales in our category sold and promotion are actually down. The index at 98 for the last quarter, that's all I have visibility to. I don't have visibility to the future. And where individual competitors are up versus year ago, they're up typically a point. So very simply and we can get into this later with others if you want more detail. We're not seeing competitive activity that's indicative of downward price spirals by any means. That can change tomorrow, but what we have in front of us today continues to look very healthy. China, we are very optimistic about our prospects in China. It's a difficult market. It moves at a very fast pace both of our consumer and trade channel standpoint. But we continue to increase the rate of growth in that market. You'll recall four years ago, we were at minus one. The following year, we were at plus seven, fusing plus – minus five, plus one, plus seven, last year plus 10 and fiscal year-to-date of plus 13. So that continues to be a very attractive market within that some really strong growth rates in some categories. I'm talking the high 20% in categories like Skin Care, Feminine Care over 20%, Fabric Care double digits, so generally a very strong market. I have no idea what the developments are going to be relative to the new virus. We're obviously monitoring that closely as it relates both to the health of our employees and broader communities. And we'll have to see what impact that has, if any, on whether this was going forward. But it's one of those things that I do think it's important to mention because it can have broad impacts well beyond China. It can also affect consumer confidence in large parts of the market. It can affect travel, which does affect our business. And so it's one of the many pieces of volatility that's just important we keep front of us as we think about the prospects for the future which I view is generally extremely positive, but not without risking without challenge.
Jon Moeller: Let me first talk about Hair Care and I'm assuming the questions is in the China context. We grew Hair Care in the mid to high single digits in China, which is the fastest growth rate in a period of time. And so yes, that can offer some offsets if you will to other businesses that may soften to competitive activity or other things. On the other hand, the Hair Care business is a highly, highly competitive business as are many other categories. So the dynamics can change there quite rapidly. Our job is to continue to steadily increase our margin of superiority. And if we do that, over time, if not quarter-to-quarter, we'll continue to have a strong business. In terms of the conservatism in the back half of the year, I'll answer this question both relative to China which obviously we don't provide specific guidance for and the balance of the company. One thing to keep in mind with China is the timing of Chinese New Year, which is, you know, from all the press on China recently is happening beginning as we speak. And that is earlier in the calendar year than it typically occurs. And so it's likely there was some sell in the OMD period that wouldn't have been there and the prior period. But on a global P&G basis that doesn't move the needle significantly, but something just to be aware of as relates to the China specific situation. I talked in my prepared remarks about some of the headwinds that exist that increase there in the quarter and will impact us in the back half of the year or could impact us in the back half of the year. We talked about the market level dynamics. So if you take a market that may not be that large, but take a market like Chile. That impact happened at the very end of the quarter, and will exist through the balance of the year. The same with, for example, the situation in Lebanon, the same for the situation in Iraq, the Indian market, the growth rates have slowed, still growing and we're doing very well and building chair. But the challenges there have increased and will likely remain for the balance of the year. So that's one reason, one thing that needs to be netted against to strong progress that we hope to continue to make. The other is the annualization of price increases. So for example, in February, we annualize both a Dish Care price increase from year ago and a Family Care price increase from a year ago. And I don't want to talk about how we're going to handle pricing going forward. That's kind of off limits. But regardless though the annualization impacts as well as some of the price increases we've taken for evaluation over the last year will annualize. And third is the competitive environment. And I don't know what that's going to hold. I've described what it's held so far. But most of our calendars – most of our competitors are calendar year based. They start their new fiscal years as we speak. And many of them have talked, understandably, about increasing investments for growth. That can be a very healthy thing. It can grow categories, we can all benefit from that. But certain implementations of that obviously are less healthy. Now, against all of that backdrop, we continue to make progress on the things that we control or making very strong progress, our margin of superiority is increasing across the board. It's dynamic, it's not static. So we have moves forward and moves back, but the net move is a forward move. We're in a position because of our productivity programs to invest to support communication of that superiority. And that's really driving some outsized growth in many of our categories. And over time and it will take some time. I expect we'll deliver higher growth rates on businesses like Baby Care. So overall, we're very optimistic about where we stand today and what the future holds, at least in the near term, but it would be irresponsible not to acknowledge the challenges that exist.
Jon Moeller: Thanks Lauren. And within that one question you've managed to ask three which is very well done. Our Grooming business strengthened in the quarter overall, we were up 4% and that's the third consecutive quarter of growth. Importantly, we grew global market share point three points, which is very encouraging. Shaving within that was up versus year ago, not as much as – I mean not as much as the dry shave business, but the wet shave business did grow. And we've seen pretty strong response to our investments both in products in and communication. Encouragingly, we've added 18 million new users to our brands over the last 12 months. SkinGuard is contributing to category growth; it's doing well and continues to expand. In the US, for example, razor value share on SkinGuard is now 9%, which is a third largest for a P&G sub brand. And we're building unlike most of our competitors our shave business online. We're pretty excited about the Billie acquisition. That's something that obviously needs to pass regulatory clearance. And we need to remain separate from that business until that happens. But there's a real unique set of skills, experiences and knowledge between Billie and P&G that we think has the potential to create some real magic. Clearly, they've created very effectively a fresh new brand that extends across several categories. And they've done it and we can benefit from their experience on this in a digital fashion with one-to-one mass marketing, which is something we're continuing to increase our focus on and capabilities related to. We have innovation capability across the majority of their categories. We have best in class manufacturing across the majority of their categories. And we have a go-to-market presence, both online and brick-and-mortar, certainly in omni channel that can accelerate the growth in that business. So we're very excited about the potential and are working through the clearance process.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Ali. Obviously, just related to Exedy first, they're talking about a market that we're not competing in. I know that you know that. That is a very different market. It's much more of a commodity market than our primary market from a talent standpoint, which is what I believe they were talking about, which is North America. In general, we see commodity prices as supportive of the current prices in the market. So while they're down some versus kind of historical levels and where we were before the price increases went into effect, we feel the current prices are justified that does not speak to an indication of future activity, I won't go there. And our outlook for those commodities continues to be relatively flat to slight increases, particularly in the in the pulse space. But I don't see the kind of sea change environment that would necessitate activity. Having said that each competitor will do what they choose to do and we need to be responsive to that which gets to your second question. And candidly, we do not have advance notice of the implementation of price increases. And so we are – decreases sorry, either one. And so we react as we see those in the marketplace. And that reaction time, typically is anywhere from a quarter to six months. So if we think along a reasonable period of time. I don't expect this to be a crippling dynamic or anything resembling that going forward and may cause a quarter of two of odd benefit or hurt, but not a big thing to worry about.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Wendy. I mentioned as one of our strategic choices, the desire to make productivity as integral to our nature, as innovation, and be leaders in productivity just as we are in innovation. And I think we've made a lot of progress on that journey, as you rightly point out, which is reflected in our margins certainly this quarter. My hope is that as we move forward, this is simply an integral part of our operating strategy. And it needs to be because we will need to continue to invest in – of holding advancing our margin of superiority. Some of the continuous disruption we're talking about will also require some investment that's in human resources, capital, et cetera. And I feel very good about each of the business units understanding and commitment to continue delivering productivity. So that brings us to another part of the question which is, are there degrees of freedom that enable that to occur? Will is one thing, delivery is another. And I don't think we've ever been in a place where there are more degrees of freedom or more opportunities to improve productivity, the tools that we have available to us now across the digital spectrum and that's everywhere from marketing to the manufacturing floor to the office environment, had never offered more opportunity than they do today. And we have significant opportunities still in terms of how we think about our new organization structure and other opportunities within that as we learn more about it to become even more efficient and effective and I certainly believe they are – there are. I just attended along with David, a review of our product supply innovation program last week, and there are big opportunities relative to robotics, relative to a tighter sequencing of the entire supply chain from order signal all the way back to delivery where the middle of a sustainable product supply transformation across markets and geographies. So I continue to believe that productivity will be an inherent part of our operating strategy and we have the tools and opportunities to continue to deliver that.
Jon Moeller: A couple of things there Olivia, we've been very clear. I think that while we need to be competitive in the trade spending standpoint and need to offer attractive margins to our retail partners, where we have a degree of flexibility, we would prefer to spend that incremental dollar on advertising or innovation every day of the week. The reason is very simple. There's nothing proprietary and pricing, we can build proprietary advantage with both advertising and innovation. So again, on the margin, where we have the opportunity to make those shifts, we're doing it. And we're doing it in a way that is attractive to our retail partners as well because it drives business and grows categories. The second piece we've talked a lot about, and Marc Pritchard, our Chief Marketing Officer has talked a lot about externally is the opportunity to move what were historically a significant amount of non-working dollars into working and advertising. And that's been about a billion dollar shift and it continues. And the third piece of this is when you have innovation that's noticeably superior. You need to want to ensure would be communicating that superiority and those performance benefits and the value that comes with them to consumers. And the good news is we have a lot of very strong innovation in the marketplace that has a lot of legs left in terms of either just launched or something like paws or beads which have been on the market for a number of years that have significant household penetration opportunities and our pure delighters from a consumption standpoint. We want to be supporting those. I mentioned both as relates to competitive activity, but also in general that we will continue to invest in both equity and innovation as we move forward.
Jon Moeller: Thanks Kevin. It's honestly hard to separate those because if we do our job right from an execution standpoint and an innovation standpoint of a growth, we grow markets, so we don't view market growth as something that is separate from our efforts. It's in many cases, obviously not 100%. But it's caused by our efforts. I realized that's not that helpful to you, but it's an important point. As we back up from that and I look at category growth in China, it continues to be strong in our categories. The one area that's under a little bit of pressure from a category growth stand point is Baby Care and that relates to the birth rates, which have gone from about 15 million babies a year down to 10, which is significant impact. On the other hand, within that category, there are significant premiumization opportunities and the premium part of our business is growing 20% or 30%, depending on whether that's premium tape diapers or pants style diapers, but in general and China the answer on category growth is remains very strong. The answer on if you will P&Gs specific efforts if you pretend for a second that they're not impacting category growth that also is abundant and real. I mean, we've gone – it's not that the inflection in category growth rate that has changed the results on Skin Care, it's our share of progress within the category, albeit in a very growth full category. So we've gone from declines, perennial declines on that business to perennial gains and strong double digit gains. The improvement in our Hair Care top line is still not what we'd like it to be but definitely improved from where we've been. Is a result of much stronger branding and innovation efforts as well as go-to-market strengthening, so it's hard for me to fuse those apart? The simple answer is it's both and that's a good thing.
Jon Moeller: I'll start where you started. US growth of 4% is indeed very strong and it's building market share. We built market share in the US over the past three, six and 12 months periods. Nine of our 10 categories grew in the US in the last quarter. The one that didn't was either at a 98.5 or 99.5 index. The difference between the quarters reflects a number of things. Part of it is trade inventory, which was reduced as we went through the second quarter. There's initiative timing that impacts this pretty significantly as well. I would expect going forward we're going to continue to see some chop, if we look at it on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But across a slightly longer period of time, we remain very, very happy with the way the business is progressing. And if we look at underlying consumption going back to a discussion earlier in this call that continues to be as you've seen, at least the scanner data, very, very strong. From a Baby Care standpoint, if you look at the first half of the year, Baby Care was flat to up slightly which is a better position we've been in. And it ranges from – if we look at our two largest markets, China and the US, those are relatively – again on a relative basis healthy. China in the first half, we grew at 5%. That's the fastest growth where we've had from – on a semester basis in about six years. We regain market share leadership about two years ago and have continued to hold that. As I mentioned, in the last answer, we're growing our premium business our pants business, very, very strongly. The US we're about flat versus year ago, which again, is an improvement on a relative basis. And what should take both of those businesses as well as the broader Baby Care business to a stronger position is innovation which builds superiority. We have across parts of the portfolio, not been offering a superior product. It's larger than some of those cases of parody product. We have strong innovation plans in place not only in terms of eco mentality, but we really increase the pace of innovation and the amount that's coming to market, a lot of which has driven the China results that I talked about. But innovation, whether it's a Baby Care or Beauty Care, it's not an overnight endeavor and we'll continue to hopefully, improve sequentially as we go forward.
Jon Moeller: We're pretty pleased with the growth rates in the enterprise markets currently. We mentioned mid-single digits. It's really at the border of mid-single digits and high single digits. I'll leave you with that. And that's despite these pretty significant impacts. If you think about two of the largest markets in the enterprise environment are India and Mexico, and I talked about the slowing growth rates in India, largely as a result of some of the monetary policies, which has created a bit of a liquidity squeeze, which is drying up inventory through the system. But we continue to grow well in India and are building share. Mexico's technically, from an economic growth standpoint, in a recession. We continue to grow reasonably well there. We have been single digits and are growing share there as well. So broadly, we continue to be pretty pleased with our progress. And just briefly, even though it wasn't part of your question on the bottom line, we're creating more value in these markets currently then we ever have. So our bottom line progress was strong double digits, well ahead of the company average. We need to be focused on value creation in these markets that includes growth where we can generate a meaningful return and that's what we're focused on doing and there's tons of opportunity.
Jon Moeller: It continues to be a significant opportunity for growth. It's currently growing at about 30%. And in the big ecommerce markets, well, that growth differs across categories. It's pretty much at that level across markets. It is now about 10% of our total business. And what I – just for clarity when I mention ecommerce, I'm talking obviously the totality of ecommerce which includes omni channel. And our market share in general has been increasing. Of course, there's some volatility to that, but particularly in a china context and again it differs by category. We've been making significant progress in that space, so I see us as very well positioned to succeed in that space, though that's something that requires eternal efforts, flexibility and the constructive disruption of ourselves which we're committed to, to ensure that we offer a competitive and relevant offering, wherever consumers want to shop, whether that's ecommerce, whether that's large format or that's small format. And generally, we're progressing well in each of those.
Jon Moeller: As you probably recall, Merck offers a very complimentary portfolio to our legacy Personal Healthcare P&G business. Has a strong presence in the developing world, complimentary categories across geographies and there were significant we felt cost synergies in addition to revenue synergies by bringing the best of both companies together and driving growth. It's early days, we're still in the middle of integrating we just closed 18 months ago, but we're very pleased with the results so far. This is the first quarter in which Merck has recorded as part of our organic sales growth rates. It contributed positively to that. It's a real asset to our overall Personal Healthcare business and it's playing out that way. The revenue synergies are on track, the cost synergies are on track with some real exciting examples of the possibility of driving both of those ahead of what our initial plans had that. The organization is a strong organization and they're doing a great job, so, so far really, really good.
Jon Moeller: In general, just starting from the strategic level, we want to ensure that we are serving consumers in all relevant segments of the categories that we've chosen to plan. Sometimes, that's easier and more straightforward from an organic standpoint, so if you think about the natural segment, for example, something like Pampers Pure, on the other hand, getting a quick presence in some of these high growth segments or with different groups of consumers, it's sometimes easier to do the acquisition. So if I just – a good example of this is L on Feminine Care, which is now the number one natural product from a market share standpoint, obviously, very early, but so far has proven to be very strong idea to expand in a very relevant consumer segment very quickly. That's the motivation here. I'm obviously not going to speak to regulatory dynamics or anything related to that. But we're excited about this and we're hopeful we have the opportunity to really work to grow this combined set of categories grow the market and create value.
Jon Moeller: Sure, obviously, over the last decade, buybacks have created extraordinary value. But that's been on the back, which is implicit in your question on overtime a significant increase in the stock price. If I look at it today, first of all we don't try to forecast where the market's going to go. We don't pretend that we know that. And so, in general, we feel very strongly about our prospects as a company. There's no reason at present not to feel reasonably good about the market itself and so we're kind of, if you will, dollar cost averaging over time. The other thing that's important, though, is to think about the context of our dividend yield relative to financing rates that are available. Because at some level what you're dealing with is, can I retire a dividend rate with an incremental financing cost that's lower than that rate? And with negative interest rates in many parts of the world, this is a very attractive time to be, if you will, financing share repurchase, we're going to stay within our credit limits as we do that. That's another constraint, if you will, or another rail and we'll continually look at this. Obviously, capital allocation is a broad topic inclusive of every purchase is something that is reviewed regularly with the board and we value their input to that, but the current plan obviously reflects that as we sit here today, I don't have a reason to suggest a change in that plan.
Jon Moeller: I think Jon we're actually less sensitive into the macro environment. And that's been a very deliberate choice we've made. Let me explain that. We were in as we went into the last recession as an example, a lot of – for a number of relatively to highly discretionary product categories. Things like salon hair color, high end premium fragrance, just two examples. And our intentional and strategic part of our portfolio focus was to be instead in daily use categories that are used in good times and bad times because they're just important to get through the day, sometimes multiple use is important to get through the day. So if you look at the total portfolio through that lens, we're more macro resilient, I would argue today than we were some years ago. The second reason I say that is the efforts that we've made and will continue to make and the investment we've put behind it on product superiority, product package, the whole set of drivers that inherently increases consumer value. So the value of each purchase is higher than it would have been even inclusive of small price increases. And that too puts us in a better position relative to things like trade down that can happen as a result of macro dynamics and more difficult economic times. Not immune, but in a better position today. The third thing I would argue is to the extent that we've been successful, and creating a culture where productivity is as integral to our being as innovation. We have more financial flexibility and therefore more degrees of freedom. For how we manage the difficulties that the macro economic situation can present. So for those three reasons Jon I think we're going to – a much better place today. We will be impacted if there are negative developments in any part of the world. It does create challenge. It's the right question to continue to ask. And I'm not talking in absolutes, but on a relative basis, we're much more macro resilient than I think we were historically. Great, well, thanks everybody again, just a quick summary. We really view this quarter as another step in our journey forward. Strong top line progress, building market share, strong operating earnings growth, building margins, strong core earnings per share, generating cash, returning back cash to shareholders all behind an integrated strategy that's working and we will continue to execute. We look forward to seeing many of you, as I said earlier at CAGNY and I look forward to our conversations. Thanks.
