Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Steve. I think you said several important things – or repeated several important things. One is, not a straight line. Two is, increasingly difficult comps. Obviously, we start the year with a 3% and provide guidance for the year at 2%. There will be a quarter or some quarters below 3%. We've also said that we want to exit the fiscal year closer to the rate of market growth in our categories, setting ourselves up for a strong subsequent year, and so that backs you in to the next two quarters being the more challenging ones in front of us. And that's really as far as I want to go in terms of specific guidance. In terms of return on the investments we're making, I think you see that, both from a top line and a bottom line standpoint in the first quarter. On a constant currency basis, very significant returns, with 12% core earnings per share growth on 3% top line. We are reinvesting, as we said we would, productivity savings. But as we also have said we would, we're going to continue to modestly improve margins. And that is the only recipe for sustained success in this industry, and we're intent on following it and so far are pleased with the results.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Nik. I apologize in part for my first part of this response, but I really think on a daily basis in terms of fiscal years, not quarters, as you know. And so I really don't even know from a marketing spending exactly what the breakdown or the plan is by quarter. But I know that over the year, we're going to continue to reinvest productivity savings. Those will be more significant as the year progresses. We've also said we want to increase our continuity of marketing spend and trial and sampling building programs, so I expect that statement to lead to relatively constant levels of increase across the quarter. But it's honestly a figure by quarter I don't have currently in my head. The second part of your question about the cadence of new product introductions, we have significant programs coming to market in the third quarter and another batch towards the end of the fourth quarter. In terms of new product launches, the second quarter will be relatively light. And honestly, I've forgotten the last part of your question, but feel free to call me later today and I can catch you up on it.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Lauren. I'm glad you picked up on that because this is important. In the new 10-category company where we have leading positions across those categories, we become increasingly dependent on moving markets, on growing markets. There are category/country combinations where we have 60, 70, 80, 90% market shares, so one more point of share isn't the margin of victory or defeat. And that doesn't mean that share isn't important. Share is important. But we need to be growing markets, increasing the number of users for our brands, and that's what our activity system is all set up to do. So when you talk about, for example, increasing trial and sampling at point of market entry and point of market change with noticeably superior products, that moves markets over time. And being able to price behind superior innovation also moves markets over time. What doesn't move markets is, for example, leading the march down on promotion spending. If you look at the quarter we just completed, price inclusive of promotion was a neutral contributor to the top line. It has been a neutral to positive contributor to the top line for the last 24 quarters. It has been a positive contributor for many years, I think it's 12 in a row. So that's going to continue to be what we're going to emphasize, which is market accretive, market constructive, growth-driving investments. Now having said that, we won't be successful in that endeavor and maintain our shares if we're uncompetitive. And so we will take moves where warranted to ensure that we're offering a competitive value proposition to consumers. We've made several of those moves in the last quarter. What moves happen in the future will be largely dependent on where others take us. But thanks for picking up on that point; it's an important one.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Ali. We do expect – we compete in a very strong industry with strong competitors, and we expect them to be working just as hard as we are to protect and build their businesses. And that's one of the factors that I cited in terms of guiding to 2% top line growth on the year against the backdrop of a 3% Q1. In terms of ensuring that we're engaged in the activities that best support our brands and businesses, there's really not an aggregate answer to that, though I'm comfortable in aggregate. That's really a choice that's made at individual categories and countries. And the way I think about this very simplistically is in line with your question. If we grow business by, for example, significantly increasing promotion spending, that will be – I think you're absolutely right – a pyrrhic victory. Why, two reasons; number one, nothing proprietary can be matched instantly. That's very different than a successful investment in innovation or equity building or sampling which can create unique advantage. Two, promotion spending by definition, almost by definition, is market dilutive, whereas those other activity streams can be, if executed with excellence, market accretive, and that's just a better place for us to be in. So I'm not going to give a formula or an algorithm, not because I'm afraid of giving one, but simply because it doesn't exist at an aggregate level. That's not how we manage the company. But the emphasis points will continue to be focused on long-term drivers of market growth and brand growth, long-term drivers of new users to our brands, but short-term competitiveness.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Bill. First of all, from a comparison of reported results to tracked channel trends, reported tracked channel trends, there are two big drivers within that. One of them is simply the amount of business and the relative growth of that business that's moving online versus offline and to non-tracked customers like Costco, as an example. So in the U.S., for example, that explains about a point of difference, a full point of difference between the tracked channel sales growth numbers and our reported sales growth numbers. In China, that number represents a 5-point reconciliation item between those two numbers, so that's becoming increasingly significant. And as you know, the relative growth rates there are very, very different, 30% in one to call it 3% – 2% in the other. The other difference that exists in the U.S. tracked channel reports, as it should, is the inclusion of the Beauty businesses that were transitioned to Coty as of October 1. So any of the share reports or sales growth reports that have come out to date rightly include that business. They won't going forward. And that dynamic in the U.S. explains about 0.5 point of difference between the tracked channel numbers and the core non-discontinued business numbers that we're reporting today. And that's about – that's another big part of the equation. We do have one situation which I'll make you aware of that falls into your last bucket, which is timing differences that would affect the different quarterly reporting numbers, and that's in China where we transitioned our Hong Kong business to a new distributor. And so there's some pipeline fill to that distributor in the numbers on the quarter, call it 1 to 2 points, relatively small on a total company basis, but that's a 1 to 2-point impact in China itself. So those are the primary drivers of the differences.
Jon R. Moeller: If you just look at the last two quarters on a global basis for Grooming, we grew organic sales 3% in the quarter that we just completed, and the prior quarter we grew 3% as well. We continue to have significant opportunities on the Grooming business for growth. Certainly, the developing market opportunity is very significant. But there are opportunities as we increase our relevance from a channel standpoint, as we increase our relevance from an opening price point standpoint, as we increase innovation across each of the tiers of the business, whether that's disposables, mid-price systems like MACH3, or at the high end. So I do see that as a market that offers growth opportunities to us. And I feel that way about every business within the portfolio, especially relative to the metric of market growth. The market growths are different across the categories. I mentioned in the prepared remarks they range anywhere from 1% to 7%, and so I would expect our businesses to grow at slightly different rates. And obviously the geographic opportunity is different by market. But in general, we settled on this portfolio because it's one we feel we can grow and can do so profitably.
Jon R. Moeller: The idea here is to increase both the efficiency and the effectiveness of our spend across the elements of the marketing mix. And there are many cases where promotion spending is a very effective use of our funds, and we'll continue to support that spend. There are other instances where both we and our retail partners would be better off redirecting that spending to other elements of the marketing mix, focusing back again on how can we drive market growth in our categories and how can we drive shopping trips and basket size for our retail partners. And it's really working together in a joint context to identify where those opportunities are, where today we're potentially both engaging in activities that are both market and profit dilutive to both sides of the partnership, and looking for ways to redirect those funds in a way that can be more accretive to both sides of the partnership. I do not see this as being a significant source of bottom line help. I think we're much more in the camp of redirecting and redistributing to encourage market growth, growth in users, and have that happen in a profitable way for both partners.
Jon R. Moeller: Sure. So I'm just looking for data here. If I look at volume sales price mix in developed, volume is plus 4%, sales plus 2%, price/mix minus 2%, for a net of plus 2%. That's obviously the all-in number, but organic volume plus 4%, sales plus 2%. In developing, organic volume plus 3%, sales plus 6%, and then – those are the major drivers of what's happening there. In terms of payout on sampling, I'm glad you asked that question. This is something that is typically – if you can sample consumers at point of market entry or point of market change with noticeably superior products in categories where brand loyalty is relatively higher, the lifetime benefit from that relatively modest investment can be significant, but it is a lifetime benefit. A consumer will take a period of time just to use the product that you've sampled them with. And so that's not an investment endeavor that we typically see immediate returns in. That's why, unfortunately, we got into a practice of reducing that spending because it wasn't producing – it never produces immediate short-term result. But it's really the area of spending that should be the last that we cut because of its importance in building users for potentially a lifetime of consumption. So we're happy with our efforts to date, but it's an area of return that we'll be monitoring and measuring for several years to come.
Jon R. Moeller: In terms of the drag on the top line from portfolio focusing within the 10 categories, that is something that should start ramping down in the back half of this fiscal year. I expect it to continue, though, at some level through probably the first quarter, first two quarters of next fiscal year. But I don't think it's at a level during that period when we're likely to be talking about it; so still significant through the second quarter, reducing in significance sequentially from there. In terms of the Beauty business, we're very happy with how that's performing overall, as you said, plus 2%. I mentioned the sequential Hair Care acceleration that's occurred over the last 18 months or so. In the quarter, as you mentioned, Pantene was up mid-single digits. Head & Shoulders was up mid-single digits. SK-II was up strong double digits. Our Personal Care business is doing fairly well. Olay is stabilizing. We're going to annualize coming up here in the not too distant future the SKU cuts that we made in the U.S. We should annualize those in the back half. And we're just in the middle of redoing our entire counter system in China, and that includes some reductions in the number of counters to be more relevant in the channels that we want consumers shopping for Olay in and to have a better overall shopping and consumer experience. So I expect that those two items, the SKU reduction in the U.S. and the counter rationalization or redesign in China, will continue to put some pressure on Olay, call it through the balance of the fiscal.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Jason. In terms of an aggregate market growth number, it's likely somewhere between 3% and 3.5%. I say likely because, as you know, that's a metric that lags, so I don't have data through September, for example. It's been declining modestly quarter to quarter, 6-month period to 6-month period, but I expect we're going to be somewhere in the 3% to 3.5% range overall. In terms of China, we've made some real progress on a couple important businesses and continue to do reasonably well in some others, with some work in the balance still to do. If we look at Oral Care, for example, in China it was up almost 15% on the quarter. That's driven by continued progress with the Oral-B brush as well as the high-end premium Oral-B paste that we launched a couple quarters ago. Shave Care, to the point of the question is there growth in Grooming, that remains up 17% on the quarter in China. Our Personal Care business is doing extremely well in China, as is SK-II, so that the entire Skin and Personal Care business was up about 10% in the quarter. Our biggest business in China, as you know, is our Hair Care business, which is a significant portion of the total. We continue to have four of the top leading brands in the market in Head & Shoulders, Rejoice, Pantene, and Vidal Sassoon. I think those are respectively number one, two, four, and five in the market. We're essentially flat there versus year ago, so we do have some – and part of that is driven by some new entrants into the market. One thing, but clearly it continues to be a strong business and offers some upside. The one business where we need to make much more progress is on Baby Care, which was down again double digits on the quarter. We feel very good about portions of our portfolio. Our pant offering, for example, is doing extremely well. We have some new premium taped innovation coming into the market in the next six to nine months, which we're also very excited about. But that is a business that we need to keep working on. In terms of channels in China, we're doing very well in e-commerce, growing ahead of the market, building share in e-commerce, still not yet to the level of our brick-and-mortars shares but improving significantly. We've stabilized and started growing shares in the hyper and super part of the business, which is encouraging. We still have some challenges both in the wholesale market and in building distribution in some of the specialty channels that are among the fastest growing. But as you rightly point out, overall real progress, and as I think about China long term, a significant opportunity on both the top and bottom line for the company.
Jon R. Moeller: In terms of the organic volume and any timing impacts within that, not really. The biggest driver there is sell-through to consumption as well as the base period dynamic, which you rightly cited. There are certain categories where events are at different times and cross-quarters this year versus last year, but in aggregate that's not a significant driver of the volume progress that occurred. In terms of the market growth assumptions split developed and developing, this is like foreign exchange or commodities in that I don't know what the future holds. And so our forecast is predicated really on the equivalent of FX or commodity spot rates, which is just simply the latest data. And the latest data we have past three months shows market growth of a little over 1% in developed markets. That's inclusive of Western Europe, Japan, et cetera. And it shows 5% growth in developing markets. Weighted average together you get close to the 3% to 3.5% number that I was speaking with Jason about. If you look at the trend of those numbers, and I'm looking at sequential three-month periods, I really don't see a significant difference or a significant trend of change across those markets, so 0.1s and 0.2s, but nothing of significance.
Jon R. Moeller: So starting with the aggregate number, as you know, organic sales in Fabric Care grew 5% in July – September. Within that, North America was up 7%, so we did build share of about 0.4 points on a past three-months basis in North America. The most important thing, though, in North America is the improvement in the rate of market growth, going back to our earlier conversations, up 4 points on a past three-month basis, driven by innovation in the category, which is exactly what we hoped to see. Also, growth within that segment is being fueled by our fabric enhancers business, the U.S. up 7 points versus last year with the scent beads segment, the one we're innovating in the most significantly, growing in the mid-20s; our fabric enhancer share up 1.5 points on a past three-month basis. We've withstood fairly successfully several competitive dynamics. We don't take that casually, though. But if we can continue to be an innovation leader in the market and moving the market, we believe we'll continue to be in a good position. Will the growth rate stay at that level? I would say likely not to that full extent in developed markets, but they'll continue to be attractive. On the other hand, what's implied deductively in those numbers is declines in developing markets. A lot of that is being driven by the portfolio, focusing efforts within Fabric Care, getting out of some of the lower-priced tiers, the bars, even powders in some markets. And so that's having an impact on growth from a negative standpoint, which should dissipate as we go forward. And so when you put those two things together, I would expect that Fabric Care will continue to be a strong contributor of growth at a total company level.
Jon R. Moeller: China market growth, when you look at the – first of all, it's very different by category, so let me start there. And most of the categories, based on the data that we have, are holding up fairly well. There's been a lot of conversation, for example, about diaper category market value growth. If I look past 12, 6, and 3 months, I see 12.0%, 11.0%, 12.0%. So I don't see a major change in the growth rate of that market, and obviously it's at a very attractive level. If I look at, for example, Feminine Care, again, fairly simple; it's fairly standard growth rates, Fabric Care 4.5%, 4.2%, 4.2%. Where you do see a significant reduction in the market growth rates in the tracked channel data is in some of the Beauty businesses, but I don't have all the data here in front of me. But that is largely driven by the movement of that business online. It's one of the disproportionate growers on e-commerce in China. And in aggregate, we still see relatively healthy market growth. In total call it 5% to 6% to 7%, without a significant change in that trend over the past 12 months. In terms of input costs, I said in the prepared remarks that the combination of FX and commodities was a $0.12 headwind to earnings per share. About 2/3 of that is coming from commodities.
Jon R. Moeller: I think you're right. To the extent that foreign exchange headwinds diminish, the pricing activity that we'll be engaging in, in developing markets would in all likelihood be lower. At the same time, though, that absence of price increase should lead to stronger volume growth over time. So I wouldn't necessarily look at developing market growth rates as inherently declining. But I think you're absolutely right that the components of that growth should be different. That's relative to price specifically. Relative to mix, I think you're still going to see some benefit there as major portions of the developing world move up the pricing ladder. The premiumization that we've seen in China, which is the largest developing market, is one example of that. And I expect that will occur in other markets as well as economies stabilize and improve. So net, I still am relatively bullish on our positions in developing markets and the growth prospects that they bring with them. In terms of market share losses, I mentioned the categories on a global aggregate basis where we're growing behind the market, and one of them is Hair Care. The other is Baby Care. And I also mentioned an opportunity in the U.S. Grooming market. We are on all of those. If you take Hair Care, for example, we're making great progress on Head & Shoulders, up 5 points in the quarter. We're making great progress on Pantene, up 5 points in the quarter. We have some issues, though, with some of our smaller brands, like Herbal Essences, for example, and we have a whole new program and a restage coming to market in the second half of the year. I mentioned some of the product work we're doing in Baby Care. And when we get that right, we tend to perform very well. If you look at the U.S., for example, where we do have that right, we're building market share both on Pampers and in aggregate. So as I mentioned, there's opportunity to improve. It's not something that will happen overnight, but it's clearly identified and being aggressively focused on.
Jon R. Moeller: There are real differences between, call it the last year and the years prior to that in the FX dynamics, which drive different decisions. You may recall, when we headed into the most recent round of big FX impacts, which was last year, we said that while historically we've been able to regain about 2/3 of the impact through pricing, we didn't feel we were going to be able to do that this time around. And that was driven in large part simply by a divergence in what was happening to the dollar and what was happening to the functional currencies for some of our significant competitors, namely the euro, the pound, and the yen. And those currencies were weakening over that period of time, and so there was less need for competitors who were reporting results in those currencies to price. And as much as anything, that's what you're seeing being reflected in the actuals. We're going to be pragmatic. We're going to offer a good value to consumers. But we're also going to work through every means we have available to us, including cost savings and mix improvement innovation to maintain attractive structural economics so that growth is worth something in these markets. And that's a different answer in every category and every market, month to month, week to week. So we're going to try to manage that as intelligently as we can. I wouldn't expect at this point, based on your point on where we sit today, do I expect pricing to be a significant part of the equation the balance of the year? I do not. In terms of how people are compensated, we are a U.S. dollar functional currency company. We pay dividends in dollars. We repurchase shares in dollars. And our investor base, as you well know, really doesn't care how many rubles we have or pesos we have. What they care about is how many dollars we have. And so the primary compensation lens is through all-in performance on dollar terms. We do, though, also have a look, because we don't want to incent behavior that's too short-term oriented, at constant currency. But over periods of time, we're going to measure our success or failure based on earnings per share and earnings growth and importantly, cash growth in dollars.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Jon. Let me address green and sustainable first. While we're open to both inorganic and organic ways of increasing our product superiority and the sustainability of our products, and that's an important 'and', it hasn't been our experience that there's a lot available on the market that delivers that 'and', which something like Tide Pure Clean definitely delivers. We've been on this for a while. While Tide Pure Clean is new, and is doing very well, if you look at share of the segment, it's done remarkably well in a short period of time. Things like Tide Cold Water, if you look at the entire energy consumption stream involved in washing clothes, there's more consumed in terms of energy to heat water than there is in the process of manufacturing and distributing detergent. So we're going to continue to look at all vectors that enable us to improve our sustainability across the value chain from a sustainability standpoint to have products that consumers can choose that enable them to improve their impact on the environment while still delivering against the need or the job to be done. So I don't think anything is required from an acquisition standpoint, but I also don't want you to think that we're not very open-minded in our pursuit of this objective, because we are. As it relates to DTC, this is an area I think that's important that we frame, first of all. Direct-to-consumer sales in our product categories globally currently represent 0.3% of sales. And it's not a reason – I'm not saying that to indicate that it's not a potentially important tool for us, I believe it is. And we've been going direct-to-consumer. Think about SK-II, as an example, for a period of time. There are opportunities for us to increase our relevance from a selling and brand building standpoint in a direct-to-consumer context across several of our categories, and we're mobilizing against those. And again, I don't want this to be taken the wrong way, but I don't see a mass move, call it 20% or 30% of the market, to direct-to-consumer consumption. If you just think about the experience of that, how many people do you really know that want to satisfy their household products shopping needs in a month or two by going to 40 different websites with 40 different passwords and 40 different packages that arrive at 40 different times? Again, I'm not in any way denigrating the opportunity that tool presents us and we need to fully capitalize on that, which we're working to do, but I did want to provide just a little bit of context.
