Jon Moeller: So, first of all, Dara, we have maintained our organic sales growth guidance for the year, which is flat to low singles. So there’s really no change in the overall outlook, which as you rightly say was for acceleration in Q2 and then further improvement in the back half of the year. As I mentioned, the extent of that improvement in the back half of the year is going to be potentially impacted by what happens with access to dollars for imports into Venezuela and it’ll obviously be impacted by other things as well. But even with that we remain confident that we can continue to grow in the second half. In terms of the businesses in the US and the comparisons to scanner data, as you know we pretty dramatically accelerated our growth in the US from minus 2% in the quarter before to plus 3% this quarter. I mentioned that there was about a point of sales that’s ahead of consumption. That’s on things like the ProShield razor that we shipped into the market but still even adjusting for that acceleration as we expected. It’s getting increasingly difficult to look only at scanner data as a measure of a market’s health or a business’ health. That's particularly true in markets like China where a huge portion of the growth of the market is coming in the e-commerce channel which doesn't cross a scanner. And you have some of that same dynamic in the US. So, for example, the Shave Club sales depending on how they’re executed may or may not cross a scanner. And I think that's part of the dichotomy. But generally if we look across several quarters to dampen out some of the short-term volatility and the noise, we continue to be pleased and encouraged by increasing strength in North American business and we expect it to grow going forward. 
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Wendy. Well first, China, it depends on the individual category but the market growth rates range roughly from, call it, 5% to 8%, so mid to high singles across the categories. And as I mentioned, we see significant opportunity remaining in China with those very effective growth rates albeit somewhat slower than they were two or three years ago. With the conversion from a manufacturing to a consumption-based economy, with the dramatic potential that exists as a result of larger family sizes from the possibility of two children versus just one and with the premiumization of the market which as I indicated admittedly we’ve not been as agile as we need to be in exploiting. But really, as I mentioned I was there last week, I was there weeks before the Christmas holidays and I walked away with a tremendous sense of encouragement while acknowledging that we have work to do.  In terms of pricing, the pricing dynamic should continue to be favorable contributor to topline growth as we move forward, even if all we do is take forward the price increases that have already been executed, they are not fully annualized yet. So that should continue to be a positive on the top line. The pricing calculus or algebra is fairly complicated. You really have to look at the combination of currencies, commodities and competition to determine a course of action going forward in any individual product category or market. And the sum of those three things is very different depending on what market you're in, as influenced by both currencies and by competition. In general the companies in our industry continue to price at some level for foreign-exchange. I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we expect our ability to price to be somewhat lower than it has been historically and we will make up for that over time with productivity and other savings.  And in the US, first of all, the commodity impacts aren’t as significant as you would assume, just looking at the headlines on oil prices, for example. If you look at everything from diesel to resin to other inputs that are derived from the petro-complex, while the pricing benefit or cost reduction has occurred, it is not anywhere near the level yet of the crude price reductions. So I think that's a potential source of disconnect as people think about this. Generally we’re taking pricing behind very strong product innovation. We’re looking to improve the strength of our overall value equations, the combination of pricing, product, performance, consumer usage, experience, static [ph] and done in that way I think that continues to be a contributor to growth and value creation. 
Jon Moeller: So we expect, for example, our media spending to be up double-digits in the second half versus year ago. So as reinvestment as compared to the prior year that will definitely be increasing. As we look at those choices, we’re obviously not encumbered by the math. We’re looking at the value creation potential that exists behind those investments in both the short and importantly mid and longer-term and we will invest where we have opportunities to do so. So I think that, you should think of the level of investment, reinvestment sequentially increasing as we go forward. I think, I know that will be the case this fiscal year. I expect that will be the case next fiscal year.
Jon Moeller: In terms of over-delivering and then maintaining the constant currency guidance, yes that definitely is reflective of additional investment, I mentioned in our prepared remarks that in North America, for example, we’ve increased our budgets by about 100 basis points since the start of the year, most of that occurring relatively recently, that’s driven both by our encouragement from a response standpoint to the spending that we have in the market and the acceleration of growth particularly in the US. And so yes, your interpretation is correct in terms of the various moving pieces. The guidance range is really reflective of what the underlying constant currency range of outcomes could be and then we just apply the current FX math on top of that. And there’s a lot of – we’re operating in a more volatile environment than we ever have, and I think our range is reflective of that reality as it should be.
Jon Moeller: Some of those impacts -- that 8 to 9 point impact of things like Venezuela deconsolidation and the beauty transition costs and the non-operating income difference are all in the EBIT line. So that’s a significant driver of lower EBIT comparisons second half versus first half. As I mentioned, most of those hit the second half disproportionately. In terms of currency, there is some let up but not a lot in the back half. And I expect our margin progress to continue to be reasonably strong, certainly constant currency on both gross and operating. So really the comparison is most dramatically driven by FX and by things like the Venezuela deconsolidation, the transition costs associated with the beauty business that are not in discontinued operations. For example, if we have employees in our global business service organization that are working to stand up the new company in terms of building the systems that are required etc. those are employees that are going to remain with Procter & Gamble and therefore their costs are not in discontinued operations, they are in continuing operations. And then as I mentioned, the divestiture gain in non-op is a big driver as well. 
Jon Moeller: Duracell, as I mentioned earlier should close this quarter. The exact date will depend on work that still needs to occur but that's on track. Coty is currently scheduled to close as well on the timing that we initially indicated, which should be in the back half of the calendar year, so no changes on either of those, both progressing towards the desired end points that we would hope.  In terms of market share, our objective is balanced growth and value creation with the growth objective being over time at to slightly ahead of markets. So market share does matter but particularly in a time when we need to restore structural economics and in response to currency moves we can get ourselves in big trouble, as that becomes the driving metric. And so as we’ve said we’re prepared to lose some share in two situations. One is where we’re restoring our structural economic attractiveness and having a higher market share with a negative gross margin isn’t helpful to anyone. And also where we are doing some of portfolio cleanup that I mentioned on the core categories but we will be in a much better position longer term from both the growth and value creation standpoint if we can focus on the parts of our portfolio that are really working for us. So if you look at the percentage of business that is holding our growing share, it’s about 45% globally currently, we would expect that to be higher going forward. In the US where we are further ahead in the strengthening of our portfolio et cetera, we’ve got about 60% of business holding in our growing share. 
Jon Moeller: The current guidance does an improvement in China in the back half and that should be very doable just based on the math alone. In other words, the annualization of some of the changes that we made in our go to market and inventory levels in the back half of last year. So we do expect that will improve and again as I said our view on China is an opportunistic one, not a pessimistic one. We really think that there is significant continued opportunity there both top and bottom line. And I think we picked the categories that we’re going to compete in, in the new portfolio based on our view of our capability to be more than competitive to win. These are categories that we have won in, we’re global leaders in almost every single one, I think seven out of 10, and we are among the leaders in the balance. There is a margin structure that allows for a significant investment and growth in each of these businesses. These are higher margin businesses and they are businesses that importantly leverage our core capabilities as a company. So they have been deliberately chosen for success. 
Jon Moeller: So the two drivers of the volume reduction, one, as you indicated there is a portfolio cleanup within the core categories that are still reported within continuing operations and as you rightly indicated, that’s had about a point worth of impact. And the other is the market reaction from a consumption standpoint and in some cases the share price evolution, as we take pricing to offset foreign exchange impacts in large devaluation markets. So if you take Russia, or the Ukraine as an example, where devaluation has been 70%, 80%, 110%, we have negative gross margins, we need to price over time as well as do everything we can from a savings standpoint to restore those margins at least to a positive levels, so the growth is meaningful. And during that process, both at a market level, the markets tend to contract in response to higher price points and sometimes from a share standpoint and Russia and Ukraine are good examples where we’re competing against strong European competitors, in other case, Russia, Japanese competitors as well, and sometimes there's a modest share impact that comes with the pricing that we deem necessary to take.  We are not prepared to lose share indefinitely. Our history in this area is that it takes kind of six to nine months to work our way through this. Some of the pricing that we’ve taken has been recent because a lot of the devaluation has been recent. So I don't -- I haven't actually looked at it quarter by quarter to see what’s the quarter where volume will re-inflect positive. We’ll have to work our way through this pricing. I don't believe -- go back to the comments on market share, we fully intend to grow at market growth rates or slightly ahead of market growth rates over longer periods of time, that requires volume growth. I mentioned market is growing 3 percent-nish, we’re not going to be able to take 3% pricing indefinitely, nor is that our intent in any way. So we will -- also we’re not in markets where competitors don’t respond from a pricing standpoint. Remember we – because we are the market leaders typically have to lead or nothing happens, so we’re exposed for that period of time and competitors can take six to nine months sometimes before they respond or they cannot respond at all. And to cases where they don’t respond to the level that are necessarily to maintain are value equation comparisons or where they don’t price at all, we will reduce price. We’re not going to be un-competitive, we’re not going to lose share on a sustained basis.
Jon Moeller: Thanks for the bigger picture question, Nik. It’s actually something we will spend some time talking about at CAGNY. It’s interesting, the market on a relative inflection point standpoint, that’s growing the strongest which is the US, is one where these changes were made first. They were made about year ago, where basically in addition to the 10 categories and their ability to operate somewhat independently, we’ve sectorized our sales force and so we’re going end to end from GBU all the way through to customer with dedicated sales support. We’re not moving people as rapidly across categories. The GBUs have full decision rights on the amount of resources that are supporting their business from a go to market operation standpoint, which has led to some choices quite frankly to increase coverage in some channels, it’s led to choices to hire mid-career talent that has experience in a category that extends beyond the experience of our current employees. So it’s having a dramatic impact and every change has a slightly different timeline in terms of when it could reflect in the business results. But I think we can – I think we’re making good progress in this area. I think we have more to do. Again we will talk about that at CAGNY, and I don't think it takes a long period of time to make a difference.
Jon Moeller: First, sorry, I did miss the first part of Nik’s question, thanks for bringing that back. The relationship of organic volume to organic sales in the October-December quarter, developed markets organic volume was plus 2, organic sales were plus 3. If you look at developing, organic volume was minus 6, organic sales were flat versus year ago. If you look at those comparisons, they are indicative of exactly what I have said a couple times in this call in terms of what’s driving the volume reduction is pricing in developing markets to offset FX where you don't have as much of an FX impact. For instance in the developed markets our volumes grew at 2% in the quarter.  In terms of – you mentioned Mexico as an example, we actually had a very good quarter in Mexico. The changes that we’ve made there, we’re very pleased with. Organic sales were up 4% in Mexico in the quarter and remember I talked about the tissue towel impact – the tissue change in the portfolio which has negatively impacted organic sales, that’s in Mexico. Excluding that, Mexico organic sales were up 8% in the quarter and volume was up as well. So again there is a bit of noise as we work through the combination of the portfolio and foreign-exchange. But we expect volume will grow as we go forward and share will also be something that becomes increasingly attainable. 
Jon Moeller: Thanks Joe. Brazil, for the quarter organic sales were up 11%, that compares to minus 12% the prior quarter, I think that again is another good example of the volatility that’s going to occur here as we get the right pricing set in the market and as well our ability to pull that through and generate growth on a sustainable basis. So again Brazil was up 11% on the quarter. In terms of commodities, look that as a single area, so the reduction of input costs, that impact is about $500 million on the fiscal year. Some of that we anticipated going into the year for us but that’s the amount. I would argue that in total, in other words, inclusive of consumption impacts in oil producing countries where there has been massive disruption and instability, if you think about markets like Saudi Arabia, markets like certainly Venezuela, I would say that the net impact in our P&L is likely neutral negative but the pure cost impact is $500 million.
Jon Moeller: The amount is the correct amount, you are right, it was about a point in the quarter. We would expect – we really started this work in terms of execution in July-September, maybe some in the latter part of last fiscal year, so we would expect this to continue through the next couple quarters but then it should dissipate going forward. There may be a few additional choices we need to make but in general you will see it for the next couple of quarters and then it should start to dissipate.
Jon Moeller: On the FX multiplier, as you can imagine the different currencies that have – we have no ability to forecast which currencies are going to move and how much they are going to move. And top and bottom line relationship between currency movements is very different depending on the market. It depends on how the markets source, it depends on the balance sheet of the market, I mentioned balance sheet revaluations, so for example, in Argentina we’ve talked about the balance sheet revaluation that occurred there, so it’s really a function of what actually is happening in the marketplace country by country, how we source to markets and what the balance sheet exposure is in different markets. So I guess I am saying we don't really have a good ability to forecast exactly what the currency impact is going to be on either the top or bottom line and frankly we spend very little time thinking about the relationship between the two.  In terms of the comments on trade inventory reduction, that is largely a China dynamic. I mentioned in prior calls that our inventory levels were too high particularly in the wholesale channel in China, and as a result our pricing was too low which was driving a bit of a distortion and difficulty for our distributors. And so we’ve made some choices to address that and that has a short-term volume impact. That’s really what that comment was designed to indicate.  Relative to senior executive engagement with the investment community, we intend to be fully engaged with the investment community through a combination of quarterly conference calls, investment conferences, meetings here in Cincinnati. Dave will be on the road frequently as well interacting with the investment community. So again our strategy is one of very high engagement.  End of Q&A
