Jon Moeller: Thanks, and good morning everyone. I am joined this morning by A.G. Lafley and Teri List-Stoll. I will start our discussion with a review of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2013 results. A.G. will discuss our key strategies and focus areas going forward and I will then wrap up with guidance for fiscal 2014. Fourth quarter organic sales results were at the high end of our forecast range with core earnings per share slightly ahead of plan. Organic sales were up 4%. Importantly, this sales growth was underpinned by strong organic volume growth of 5% and was achieved during a period in which underlying market growth rates were decelerating. Pricing was neutral to organic sales growth and mix reduced sales growth by 1 point. Foreign exchange lowered sales growth by 2 points resulting in all-in sales growth of 2%. P&G global value share was around 20% for the March to May period, roughly in line with the prior year. Market share improved sequentially throughout the quarter. In May, the last period for which we currently have global share data, volume share increased 0.4 points versus prior year with growth in all regions except Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa. On a mixed adjusted basis, May global value share was up 0.2 points. In the U.S where we have data through June, mix adjusted value share was up 0.3 points. We held or grew global market share in businesses representing nearly 60% of sales in the March to May period. In the U.S, we held or grew value share in businesses representing over 70% of sales. Moving to the bottom line, core earnings per share were $0.79, $0.02 above the high end of our guidance range due to cost savings and a $0.01 help in tax. Core earnings per share was down 4% versus the prior year as the benefits from top of range organic sales growth and strong cost savings were more than offset by mix, higher marketing spending and a $0.06 per share or roughly 7 percentage points earnings per share growth headwind from foreign exchange rate. All-in earnings per share were $0.64. This includes a $0.02 non-core impact from restructuring costs, a $0.04 non-core impact from legal items in Europe and a $0.10 non-core, non-cash impact of a further impairment of intangible assets related to the Brown business, reflecting the 20% devaluation of the currency in Japan where Brown earns the majority of its profits. Core operating profit margin declined 130 basis points as core gross margin was down 90 basis points and core SG&A cost increased 40 basis points. Operating margin was about 50 basis points less than we had originally anticipated due largely to foreign exchange. The core effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.3%, in line with last year. We generated 2.8 billion of free cash flow in the quarter, repurchased $1 billion in stock and returned $1.7 billion of cash to shareholders in dividends. Turning to the fiscal year, we met our commitments on each key measure. Organic sales growth was 3%, in the mid-point of our initial guidance range of 2% to 4%. We grew core earnings per share of 5% above our initial minus 1% to plus 4% guidance range. We absorbed the unexpected impact of the Venezuela Bolívar devaluation and significant overall dollar strengthening, while increasing marketing investments as the year progressed. We continued to make good progress on our productivity plans. Through June we reduced non-manufacturing enrollment by 7,000 roles. This is 1,300 role reductions ahead of our initial enrollment reduction target for June 30, 2013. We delivered over $1.2 billion in cost of goods sold savings and approved manufacturing productivity by 7% versus the target of 5%. Our progress on working capital and capital spending productivity enabled us to deliver 98% adjusted free cash flow productivity, ahead of our 90% target. We returned $12.5 billion to shareholders, 110% of net earnings through a combination of $6.5 billion in dividends and $6 billion in share repurchase. In April we raised the dividend by 7%. We’re beginning to restore growth in the core U.S. Market that represents over a third of P&G sales and an even greater percentage of profit. U.S. Fourth quarter organic sales grew at 7% on a volume growth of 5%. We maintained good developing market momentum. Organic sales growth in our top 10 developing markets was up 8% in the fiscal year. We grew profit meaningfully ahead of sales in developing market while increasing investments in these markets year-on-year. We stabilized global market share and ended the year with modest market share growth. We are moving in the right direction, but there is more work to do. To talk us through that, I’ll turn the call over to A.G.
Jon Moeller: John, we'll continue as we have good opportunities to drive return and create value to invest behind innovation, as A.G. mentioned behind go-to-market capability and advertising where we can generate a return. And as I’ve said many times before, cost savings is not the objective. Value creation is the objective and we will not follow cost savings out of the window at the expense of capability and opportunity of which we have many.
Jon Moeller: So let me provide a little bit of perspective on both of those questions, Wendy. We did grow profit in developing markets meaningful ahead of sales. So we did build margin. I’m not go into the actual number. As you can imagine with all of the currency movements, a number compared today to what we were talking about three or even six months ago is not that relevant. What's relevant is that we continue to grow profit meaningfully ahead of sales. And I can commit that we have done and we'll continue to do that in developing markets. While by the way somewhat an answer to your second question, increasing investments. So this isn't about building profitability by pulling back. It's about increasing profitability through productivity, through localization of supply chain, through increasing scale and through the right choices. On the second piece, if we grow our topline, let’s just be optimistic for a second at the high end of our guidance range at 4%, that translates absent volume leverage to 4% on the bottom-line. And the productivity program, which is about $2 billion of savings per year on its face, is worth another 11 points. So that brings you to 15. We get benefit from share repurchase of 1 to 2 points. So you’re at 16 to 17. And we've talked about a non FX impacted number of something like 11 to 13. So there is a significant amount of investment back within that number. And as I said earlier, we're not going to be guided by specific metrics. We're going to be guided, except one which is value creation. And when there is an opportunity to create value through additional investments we will not hesitate.
Jon Moeller: Just one more point, sorry. I spend a fair amount of time, maybe too much time in our prepared remarks talking about things that weren't in the forecast, in terms of further FX weakening and those type of things. And I've told you before that we're not going to follow FX or commodities out of the window just to deliver a number. We are going to execute the strategy. I would just repeat that in terms of our commitment to do what it takes to get the business growing.
Jon Moeller: And the answer to the first part of your question, Ali, on the relationship between the acceleration of productivity savings and the appearance of lower restructuring next year and all those things reconcile, I’ll just make three points there. First, not every savings opportunity requires a restructuring investment. So for example, improving our marketing ROI does not cost anything in terms of restructuring and that scenario that we’re going to get better at next year than we have been historically. Not all cost of goods sold savings require restructuring investment. And to the extent that we can deliver savings that are at or ahead of plan with even less restructuring investment, that's a good thing. Second, we’ve talked about over the period of time enrollment reduction of 16% to 22%. The 7,000 roles we’ve reduced represents about 13%. So we're going to keep going and it doesn't stop at the end of the five year period. But a big chunk of the role reductions which drive disproportionately restructuring spending, have occurred. So that's kind of how that's happening. As with the prior commentary, we're not fixated on a restructuring budget. If there are good opportunities to drive savings sooner and more, we will fund those. And we'll be sure to update you on that as we progress. Last, real quick on capital allocation. We will continue to prioritize the dividend. This year was the 57th consecutive year we've increased the dividend, as I said before without the 58th, you will probably be talking to somebody else. And we'll continue to repurchase shares with the balance of cash that's available. Our philosophy on this is very simple. Cash that we have is not ours, that yours. It's our job to deploy it to earn decent returns and then what's left we will distribute. So really, no significant change in capital allocation philosophy going forward.
Jon Moeller: And clearly one measure of our success in presenting propositions with appropriate value equations for consumers, is our share of the market. And right now we're modestly building market share growth, which would imply that more times, but not always, but more times than not, we’re getting the value equations right. We'll continue to refine that. This is something that requires daily attention, but generally I think we are across the broad portfolio in the right place.
Jon Moeller: I'd just like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We are very excited about the direction that we are on in the path ahead. And we'll continue to keep you abreast of developments in that regard. We’re available the balance of the day. Please don't hesitate to reach out if you've got a question. We’ll also be reaching out to our shareholder group over the next couple of months, both A.G and myself and look forward to spending time with you. Thanks a lot.
A.G. Lafley: Jon, two quick points. The past five years, two, three, three, three, three. Most recent quarter, four. So if you’re going to see things as they are, we’ve got to demonstrate we can grow faster, point number one. We’re prepared to invest to grow faster. And with clearer strategies, we’ll make investments where the size of the price is attractive and where we think we have the plan to win. Second point, this is our external commitment. We have internal goals.
A.G. Lafley: Maybe a bad baseball analogy, but we've got to get our batting average and our OPS up. And as we go through this industry-by-industry, business-by-business, where the strategies are clearer and more choiceful, where we know who the consumers are that matter most, where the brand promise is crystal clear and we execute it in the communication and where our products are preferred by consumers, we get it done. And in any mix of businesses we, in just the past few years and I’ll miss a few, we have the family cares and we have the prestige beauties and we have the oral cares. And I don’t want to leave out home cares and others that have been consistently performing. But I think if you do your analysis or we do our analysis, it comes back to real clarity around who the consumer is and delivering for that consumer. Ultimately it's a better consumer value equation and a better experience. Real strategic clarity, a proven business model and by the way it isn't a proven business model that lasts forever. You're continually adjusting your business model. But a business model that’s agile and still actionable and still works and frankly the ability to operate with discipline and execute with excellence. This is an industry where execution really, really matters. And like I said, of the handful of businesses that have done it really well, we now have 15 to 20 businesses that are focused like a laser and doing it really well starting July the 1st, 2013.
A.G. Lafley: Okay. On the second one. We are continuing -- we are always reviewing the portfolios at the company level, at the business unit level. And again as I said in my prepared remarks, if they are a strategic fit and they are performing, delivering value, they are in. If they are not, we'll deal with it. On the first one, it's not really different conceptually, okay. It's not really different in getting the consumer focused, right. Getting the brand and the product innovation program right and having the clarity and sharpness and the strategy that translates to operating discipline and executional excellence. That's all we're saying. I think, again, if you really look at the beauty business, we took a business, we put together this collection of businesses. Mark and I and others know it was a collection in 2000 of businesses that we called beauty. And in six or seven years we tripled that business. We took it to $21 billion. The problem is we are still looking at it, we actually took it to 22 plus. We are still looking at $20 billion business. Now, I view that as opportunity, okay, in seven years, right. Shiseido has been in beauty for 150 years, L'Oreal since 1900, so over a 100 years. Estee Lauder since World War II, so over 60 years. We have been really at it for over 15 years. Fortunately we picked up a couple of decent assets back in 2000. But it's a learning curve and we clearly stalled in a couple of places. But again Prestige Beauty is in very good shape. We went from nothing in arguably one of the toughest segments, two a $3 billion plus business. We have a very fine, fine fragrance business that makes -- and that's grown at a very consistent rate. From the time we bought the two little pieces back in the yearly 90s, we've grown at a compound annual growth rate on the top line of 11%. It's been volatile through the recession, it's been a pretty consistent value creator. And, hey, let's face it, we're up against some of the best in the world in (inaudible) skin care and fine fragrance, and we've done quite well. And the reason we've done quite well is our strategy is sharp and we know we need a certain sort of core strengths to play in Prestige beauty and we leveraged some of the P&G core strengths to be a little bit different. We've stayed very steady on some of our hair care brands. We have an issue on Pantene, we're working it. It's primarily but not exclusively, a U.S. and North America issue. We've ground through those plans a few times, we picked the boards room. I have been here like six days, okay. We went through an innovation review, we have been through the strategy. We know what the program should look like over the next six months, to the next 12 months, to the next 18 and 24 months. Hey, businesses stall, but it stalled at $3 billion, okay. I would rather -- one of the things I learned in private equity the last four years, I had rather work -- spend as much time and energy on $1 billion business as you do on $200 million business. And believe me you get better value creation for it if you can get it going. On the skincare side it's pretty much the same story. We went from, frankly, playing but not winning for the first 15 years after we bought Olay from RBI. To, all of a sudden, we took a business that was several $100 million and we turned it into a $2 billion plus business. It stalled, and again bored through it, been through the strategy, been through the product program. We know what we are going to do over the next 6, 12, 18, and 24 months. But these are assets. They have little connections with consumers. If we get the consumer connections back, if we get the brand promises and architecture collections, whatever you want to call it, right, and if we execute like we think we can with our marketing and product program, there is plenty of room to grow. And I guess a last point I will make, because I know I am going on a little long here. Remember why we choose to get beauty and personal care in the first place. They are large. They are demographically driven. They grow a little faster. They’re big in the U.S and the developed markets. They’re big in developing markets and only getting bigger. They’re structurally attractive, low capital, high gross margin and they are fragmented. It's not like anybody is dominating these spaces. There is room for a lot of players who can get it done to do well. So long winded way of saying hey we stalled a lot of it with choices we made and maybe things we struggled at, but we know what to do and we’re on it.
A.G. Lafley: If I just might add maybe two or three points, Wendy quickly. We have a stronger product and brand innovation pipeline this year going in, but it's not huge yet. So a lot of the pipeline is still in development qualification or early stages of commercialization. So you can't invest in it, in development. Second point is we said we are investing back in core strengths. Without going into the specific number, we have invested back the biggest amount of money in this next year. You have to go back to the middle of the last decade to get that investment. And as we went through the strategies and product programs, it was very clear to me and to others that we needed to make that investment back. And I guess the third thing I would say is we are trying to thread a needle here. And we're trying to look at what we can really do and what we really need to get ready to do. And I think it's going to take a couple of years before we have got everything in place so that we are hitting on enough cylinders to perform to our full potential. So we view this as a transition year, last year was a stepping stone year, and we'll see how it goes. Absolute last point. Jon and I, and the team are totally together. If we are on something that's taking off, we are going to invest in it. And hopefully we've given ourselves enough flexibility and in the end we're going to do what's right for the business over the mid and long-term and we're going to create value as we do it.
A.G. Lafley: Well, I think there are probably three things. The first one is the importance ultimately, overriding importance ultimately of value creation in a B2B business for your customers and your shareholders, in a B2C business like ours, for your consumers and your shareholders. If we get just those two pieces right, a lot of this other stuff is going to fall into place. Second thing is sense of urgency. Private equity world you don't have -- you have a certain amount of time to generate the value, and I think bringing a sense of urgency is helpful. Thirdly, you have to be very choice full and you have to be very focused, and you have to be very prioritized with your strategy choices because they drive the operating budget and plan and they drive the execution. So I think we are tightening them down. And I guess the last one is sort of our culture. We had a great conversation about this as a leadership team and we're going to build on the strengths. But we have just got to, we have got to a much more agile, a much faster, a much more decisive culture. And we've talked a lot about agreeing, disagreeing, committing and going. And we are just trying to -- we are making decisions quickly. We are delegating the the decisions where they should be made. I need to make a few, but most of these decisions are made by the business unit leaders or they are made in the markets where we are closest to the customers and the consumer. So getting clear about who makes the decisions, getting clear about making the decisions, getting on with it and then executing. And I guess the last thing is, you get on very short learning cycles. And my point is, you learn as much as you can from the past. You learn from your successes and you learn for your missteps and then you get on with it. You get focused in the future and you get out there and you try it the next time. So those are probably some of the things.
A.G. Lafley: Ali, I feel like I’m repeating myself. So I'll try to get this clearer. In the external world that we've been in, choicefulness and clarity are even more important. And it's not just me. It's as I said the business leaders, market leaders, channel leaders, customer leaders, country leaders. Point number two, I’m not going to -- we have the methodologies. We have the tools and techniques to understand who our best consumer is business-by-business, brand-by-brand and to act on it, but you’ve got to use it and you’ve got to act on it. So we've rededicated ourselves to really understanding the consumer, really winning with the consumer. Everything begins and ends with the consumer. We win a consumer, we get a higher -- our business model is very simple. If we can get a higher trial and purchase rate and we can get better usage and more loyalty, that drives the value creation. But we need to be incredibly disciplined to stay on that business model. The third thing is operating discipline. The strategic discussion of the business unit level is about discipline, the discipline of choice, the discipline focus, the discipline of prioritization. We need to be more disciplined in our operating plans. We need to be more disciplined in our financial forecast. We just need to be more disciplined. And then the last one is -- and again it's not that we don't know how to do it because we are doing it. We just need to do it more consistently and we need to do it more broadly. We need to be disciplined in our execution. This is a highly executional industry and we have to win one shopper at a time, one consumer at a time, one retail location, whether it's a store or an open market or e-commerce at a time. And we just need to be very executionally focused. And I think those are the key things.
A.G. Lafley: Okay. Let me talk about market, maybe some first impressions of consumer changes and then talk about value, and I'll let John talk about the pricing situation. First market. I mean obviously developing markets are slowing but they are still projected to grow at 6%. And as I said earlier, all you have to look at are demographics and economics. And I think that's a pretty long arc of growth for our industry and still a pretty big opportunity for this company. We've actually grown since the Berlin Wall came down and Guangzhou City markets opened in 88, 89. We've grown 9% a year compounded annual growth in developing markets. We have grown 14% compounded in the last 10 years. As Jon said in his comments, we've grown 10% in the BRIC markets this last year. And that growth is there for a lot of players in this industry. Because a lot of it is still tailwind, right. It's babies being born, households forming, incomes rising and you just get market growth. Second point is, how have consumers changed. You don't go through the second biggest financial crisis in recent history and a prolonged global recession without changing some of your habits, practices, attitudes and beliefs. And we of course have been digging into that. I think you could make an argument, I'll use -- you can make an argument that there may three critical moments of truth right now. The consumers, I call it zero, other people call it something else but there is clearly a period driven by the desire to get the best value they can. Not only the best price but the best value. And driven by technology, mobile technology, computer technology, the internet etcetera. And there is this period of information gathering, education, brand and product comparison and that includes price comparison. So a lot of shoppers are coming to the purchase decision with having done a lot more preparation. Still what matters is, the first one that really matters is the purchase. We've got to win the preliminary. We've got to get into the consideration set. We've really got to win the purchase so we don't have the chance of winning the usage. So I think that's one thing that’s changed. I think the second thing that’s changed and you see it in a number of our businesses is, we really have to build a strong vertical and horizontal brand and product line portfolio. And it's not just about developed market and developing markets. It's about giving more consumers more opportunities to try their way in, make that first purchase into your brand and product line. And they’re going to make the choice about where based on what they need and want and based on what their value equation is. So if you look at shave care or you look at hair care or you look at fabric and home care, you’re looking family care, we’ve tried to build much more robust vertical offerings. And we’re continuing to work hard on that. So the consumer can come in at different points. So think about it as we need to trade them in first and then we can work on trading them up. And I guess the -- so that's the market. That's the consumer. And hey, there’s a third thing. No matter -- I didn't want to get into the details here and I’m not going to, but every business that's really delivering and we have at least a handful or more, they really know who their consumers are. They have a very clear consumer segmentation model and we need that. That's the math that we start with. So here is the key. Regardless of what segment you’re in, value is a factor. So if you’re buying SK-II at 145 bucks for the opening price point on Essence, billion dollar plus brand and Prestige, Ultra Prestige Skincare, there is still a value equation. And we have to understand what it is for that one (inaudible). If you’re buying Charmin Basic at a buck or two a pack, there is a value equation. And we need to understand those value equations. We are never going to compete purely on price. We are a differentiated, branded, innovative product company. But we are going to compete across a broader range of price point and we are going to compete with brand and product line architectures that attract more consumers and give them a chance to try it.
A.G. Lafley: Sure. Connie, I think -- first of all we are committed to Tide PODS. It’s a $0.5 billion business with a lot of upside growth. And it clearly -- it's a good value for consumers who want -- don't want to think about the dosage amount and who want the convenience in performance that is delivered in that brand’s performance offering and product form. Second thing is -- yeah, we've been struggling to keep up with demand. I don't think we were merchandised until last month. Do I have that right, Jon? I mean the first month we were merchandised, ever merchandised so far, in a U.S. customer was last month. So I would argue we have been out there with one hand behind our back because we can't display it and we can't support it. I think as we've reported, we are moving into Europe. It's a different source of supply. It's not going to impact what we're trying to do here in the U.S. and North America. But I guess the last thing I would say is, hey, in four decades you work on a lot of disruptive new products and product forms, start- ups aren’t easy. We don't always get it right the first time. We did an (inaudible) liquid back in the mid 80s, we did untie with bleach, we have it on some others. But this one is so unique, it's so discontinuous, and for a group of segment of consumers at least so far, early returns, they seem to like it if they try it. And they seem to come back and buy it again. It's clearly creating value for the industry. And this is a category or industry that's hard to create value in, left with own devices. Some would commoditize it. And it's in our interest to keep it differentiated, branded and innovative. So we are taking a mid to long-term point of view on Tide PODS and we are going to stay at it, and we are going to see what it's ultimate potential is with the consumers.
A.G. Lafley: Okay. Two points, that I think are relevant and important to your question. We need to grow in the U.S., even at 2% to 3% estimates for the future, 3% GDP growth, market growth. You know you pick a number but it's still growing and it's definitely growing faster than Europe or Japan. And given our position, we need to grow in the U.S. and we need to get stronger in the U.S. Point number one. I think you see, hopefully you can see, that we reinvested in the U.S. We started to get it going again in the U.S. in this last year and it definitely showed up in the fourth quarter. But as far as I am concerned that's only the beginning, okay. Point number one. Point number two is, we need to do a better job in all the important channels where consumers shop. I won't go into the details but we're clearly strong in some channels. We play in others, we need to get stronger in those channels and we're even testing coverage in channels that we haven't served in the U.S. and Canada. So I do think there is a distribution opportunity and I have a very simple principle. If a meaningful number of consumers shop in this channel, whether it's ecommerce, whether it's a small urban store or whether it's a drug chain, a club store, whatever, we have got to be there. We have got to be available. We have got to be in distribution and we have to have the right mix of brands and products to meet her or his needs. So I am totally with you. I think there is an opportunity in the U.S. By the way we also have opportunities in Western Europe along the same lines and that's a huge business for us too. So even though it's not growing, we’ve got to get our share. Developing markets is still a huge opportunity for the company and part of the opportunity is distribution related. Again I won't go back into the detail, but we've gone back into some big strategically core developing markets and we've taken a hard look at our distribution and coverage position. And we're concluding that we have big opportunities there. So you will see us work hard on making sure we have availability, making sure we’re in distribution and make sure we have the right brand and product presence where we need to, which is where consumers shop.
A.G. Lafley: Yeah. One more, one very quick comment on the point Jon just made. We're interested in effectiveness. We know brand by brand in the U.S and in a lot of other markets the range of effectiveness we can deliver and it’s wide. And so we are holding all of the businesses to a minimum ROI. We're pounding away on communication effectiveness. We’re pounding away on best media. Our digital I think is now up to 35% in the U.S. roughly. It goes up and down, 25% to 35%. We have some businesses and brands where digital is incredibly effective, and we’re doing more. We have other brands that are on the learning curve. They’ve got to get up the learning curve faster. But it’s a brand by brand, category by category, consumer segment by consumer segment set of decisions. And basically what we are going to do -- our problem is not the total amount we are spending. Our problem is the mix, our opportunity is the mix and we are going to get the mix better and better and better and there is a lot of opportunity there. On the second question which is the U.S, yeah, we think it's sustainable. We definitely think it's sustainable because if you crawl inside the fourth quarter results, we’re doing much better overall but we’re still being carried by fewer businesses than we would like to be. And there’s an opportunity for all of our businesses to do better in the U.S. and North America.
A.G. Lafley: Strategic fit, particularly is a strategic fit with our core strengths and core capabilities, value creation potential and performance and then frankly the ability to deliver. That’s it.
