Jon R. Moeller: So I would say that we are midway through the portfolio cleanup of the core businesses. For example, the Mexico tissue towel move really was just effective in July. The Laundry moves span the end of last fiscal year and the beginning of this fiscal year. So we're about in the middle of that with still some more work to do, so that will continue to have an impact on the top line. Obviously, as you point out, that's a gross margin accretive endeavor. I honestly haven't worked to calculate that specifically, Chris, so we'll have to give you some perspective offline on that. Relative to confidence in Q2 and going forward, there are several things that drive us from where we are to where we'll be. The big core businesses that we've been working on are continuing to strengthen. So I talked about Fabric Care and Baby Care in the U.S., where market growth has improved as a result of innovation in the category, where our shares are continuing to increase. Baby Care actually we're selling through our capacity currently and are on allocation, so that will come off over time and that will be a help. Importantly, some of the other structural items we've been working to address, we've talked Mexico. We've talked China. Mexico is progressing very nicely. They had a quarter that I think indexed 98 versus a year ago, which is up pretty significantly from where it's been, and we expect that to turn to a positive index next quarter. China we also expect progress as we bring these premium innovations to market, as I described, and as we continue to draw down some of the inventory that's in the trade. And also, as I mentioned, we're increasing investment where it makes sense in smart ways to drive trial and sampling of our products, particularly at points of market entry and points of market change, and the early returns on those are encouraging. So that's the simple story going forward. Again, we're fairly confident that the second quarter will be a quarter of growth organically on the top line. And we're fairly confident that the growth will strengthen as we move through the fiscal year.
Jon R. Moeller: So the split of organic sales growth developed/developing, developed was minus 1%, developing was minus 2%. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that Brazil and China were significant impacts in driving that minus 2% in developing, as was, as you rightly point out, some of the portfolio cleanup efforts, which are disproportionately developing market activities. Yes, as Chris asked, they will improve gross margin. They will improve operating margin. And yes, that will help reduce negative mix impact from disproportionate growth should it resume in developing markets. As I mentioned in my response to Chris's answer, there is still work to do. So if this was a quarter or next quarter was a quarter where developing markets grew faster than developed markets, we would still have a negative mix on the margin line, but it is getting better.
Jon R. Moeller: We start from a position of a stronger currency than many of our competitors. So I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Russia is an example of what we're dealing with, 40% devaluation. Both euro and yen functional currency competitors are dealing with about 20%. So that dollar dynamic against all currencies, including the euro and the yen, drives a bigger issue. That doesn't mean that we will necessarily price more. We need to be pragmatic in what we do. I've talked before about recovering less through pricing this time around and recovering more through a combination of mix and cost savings, which we are doing. We're in the period of the cycle where we have made our moves. We're typically first in that endeavor just because of the fact that we're the market leaders in many of these markets, and competitors are beginning to respond. I obviously can't talk in a lot of granularity about pricing from a competitive standpoint. But what I will tell you is that the moves in the market are generally constructive, not all constructive and not all well understood. This is something we'll continue to work against every day, every week, and we'll do it very pragmatically. I'm not interested in price levels that are not sustainable. Obviously, our consumers are not interested in those levels of pricing either. But for example, in Russia where we had negative gross margins as a result of currency devaluation, we simply have to make a move. Making a choice to maintain stronger top line growth with negative margins is just a value-destructive activity.
Jon R. Moeller: Sure. The biggest – let's just talk BRIC markets. China, our second largest market, so it makes a significant difference both from a top line and bottom line standpoint, we have not fully accessed the opportunity that the market is presenting in terms of growth in the premium price tiers as consumers look for better, more differentiated solutions, and frankly, higher product quality. We are bringing those items to market now, but our absence in those price tiers has, frankly, hurt us fairly significantly. Diapers is a good example that I mentioned, where we're still the market leader with Pampers, but we're really not present in the portions of the market that are growing, which are the top tier, which will now be with both a pants and a taped offering. We've also talked about some trade channel and inventory cleanup that has been ongoing, and that work continues as well. So China was down 8% on the quarter on an organic basis. Russia is the next largest big developing market for us, and we've talked a little bit both in the prepared remarks and in the Q&A on some of the challenges that presents us. And we're the largest player again by a factor of three in both Russia and the Ukraine. So the impacts there are disproportional. Having said that, Russia is actually holding up fairly well, 2% organic sales growth in the quarter. When you consider everything that's going on, that's a pretty good number, but obviously well below the numbers that we were posting a year ago or two years ago. Brazil is very volatile. We just took some pricing there. It's hard to sort through the trends. Last quarter we were up 7%. This quarter we were down 12%. But if you look at consumption in the marketplace, it's essentially flat. So I think that's another one of those items that should reverse itself as we move forward here. And India, I've talked about the moves that we've made to increase profitability, albeit at some cost to the top line. I realize that's not an exhaustive comparison across the competitive set. But just with those four dynamics that I've described in those four big markets, I think it at least helps understand why our results in developing may not be as strong as some of the others and why that has a large impact on the company.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Steve. The two to three points on Venezuela and divestitures is not new. You're absolutely right about that. We didn't explicitly talk it in the last call. We wanted to make sure that was clear, so we put it in this call. There's an implicit assumption that one has to make when one tries to determine how much more EBIT we're expecting, and that assumption is where we actually are in the guidance range. So while we've retained our range, that doesn't mean that we're necessarily at the top or the middle of that range. And there is a ton of moving pieces, as I indicated. There is some good news there relative to the productivity savings that you saw come through in the first quarter. Frankly, those were larger than we were expecting, and also there has been some commodity help. But honestly, as I tried to indicate in my prepared remarks, I'm not overly fixated right now on guidance or updating guidance simply because it's very difficult to do. What I'm fixated on is getting the right choices made, being as productive as we possibly can in doing that, and the guidance will be what it will be, but at this point no change.
Jon R. Moeller: On gross margin, we've mentioned productivity. We've mentioned pricing. We've mentioned commodities. All of those impacted the gross margin results we delivered. John [Chevalier] can give you the details offline. But within the gross margin number of 250 basis points, 170 basis points of that is savings, there's 80 basis points of pricing benefit, there's 110 basis points of commodity benefit, and then there are of course some offsets to that. So how much of that is sustainable going forward? The commodities will sustain itself until it annualizes, obviously, and so that's probably as big as it's going to get. And pricing will also annualize itself over time. We would hope that some level of productivity savings in cost of goods would continue as we continue to localize production and sourcing and as we continue to increase the efficiency of our manufacturing operations. In terms of the organic top line, again, this is a question of ranges in a sense. Our guidance is flat to up low singles. The quarter we just posted was minus 1%. We're talking about improvement in Q2, with strengthening beyond that. So even if Q2 was zero, which we're not anticipating, and the back half was plus 1%, we'd still be within that guidance range. So we just don't see a reason to change the guidance range. Where we come out within that is a matter that we'll have to work against and a matter that you'll have to assess. In terms of organization change, I really don't want to speak for David. He'll begin interacting with this group shortly, and I'll let him communicate his view on that. My view is we have a very strong team. I believe we have made changes. We've both made changes and individuals have made changes relative to their own plans as a result of the announcements that have been made and as a result of the situation in the business. So I don't see a period personally of very high volatility in management staffing going forward. I think this period will be characterized by a lot more continuity than, frankly, either when the transition with Bob occurred or has been the case over the last year.
Jon R. Moeller: Okay. On the top line, the change quarter to quarter is really FX in terms of what causes us to take that all-in number down. And again, John can take you through the details there, but that's the primary driver of the change. In terms of investments in consumer value equation, you're right that we did roll back some of the price increases that we took in Russia, consistent with our ongoing dialogue about how we'll manage that situation. I want to be very careful about price signaling, so I can't really talk about decisions that have been made to address additional price gaps, but those decisions have been made. And that's the case both in developing markets but also some developed market price gaps that need to be addressed. And on the question of investment, yes, we expect marketing to increase this year on both an absolute basis and a percentage of sales basis. By marketing, I mean working dollars, so we're going to continue to fund increases in spending that matters with reduction in spending that doesn't. And look, if I was asked to spend an additional $1 billion tomorrow, I could obviously do that, but that's not the question. The question is can we earn a return on that and create value through that investment. And as we have more to invest behind, and you rightly mentioned the product portfolio, for example, as we're bringing these innovations to market, we will do that. I think you saw – I don't have the numbers right in front of me. But in your conference in Boston in the fall, we showed pretty significant increases in marketing support where we did have a reason to invest behind unit dose in Laundry in the U.S., behind the Hair Care innovations, et cetera. So look, let me just be as clear as I can about this. We don't like the top line situation. We don't accept the top line situation. We will fix the top line situation, but we need to do that in ways that are smart and sustainable.
Jon R. Moeller: So the other drivers of improvement, you mentioned commodities. You're in the order, right order of magnitude, probably $450 million. It's gotten a little better. There are overhead savings. We had pretty significant reductions in enrollment last year. There are non-working marketing savings I mentioned in the prepared remarks, another $200 million reduction in marketing, and those are all things that are helping us. In terms of the distraction on the businesses that we're running through discontinued operations, I wouldn't label it in any way a distraction. We're fully committed to optimize and manage those businesses just as if we still own them because, guess what, we do. What we haven't been able to do and what I look forward to being able to do, I know we all look forward to being able to do, is as those divestitures close, being able to focus all of our energy and effort on these 10 product categories where we feel very confident we can make a difference. So that is not fully activated, if you will, as we continue managing the business, frankly, much as we did last year.
Jon R. Moeller: Sure. So the savings number was indeed significant. And as I said, it was more actually than we were expecting to see. We were very happy to see that, and that gives us more confidence in our savings objectives going forward. As with past years, the incremental savings should build as the year goes on. The area that there will be less sequential progress is in overhead, simply because the reduction this year is not as significant as it was last year. And from a marketing standpoint, we're going to be spending those savings back behind the things that we've been talking about. So I actually haven't looked at the quarter-by-quarter cadence. I've been working to get this quarter wrapped up, but I know John can give you some perspective on that. In terms of the top line, the simple way to look at it, I would argue that on an adjusted basis or an underlying basis, top line is currently growing at about 1%, which again is nothing we're happy with. How do I get from minus 1% to 1%? There's about a point of the portfolio cleanup. There's also about a point of one-time impacts. So for example, I mentioned that we're selling through our capacity on Baby Care in the U.S., and that's constraining the amount of growth that's possible. We're making adjustments, for example, in inventory levels. We're through that in Mexico. We're getting through that in China. So if you take all of that out, and by the way, I'm not suggesting one should, I'm just trying to answer your question, you get to about a plus 1% running rate. And from there, as I mentioned, when we're able to fully activate the things that are working and address some of the things that aren't working, that should accelerate. There's no reason that we should be comfortable with growth that's any less than the rate of the market growth over time. I'm not talking about a quarter here or quarter there but in total, and that's what we're committed to work towards.
Jon R. Moeller: First of all, to address specifically the point of minus 3% in Babies and Family, that's driven by a couple things. One, in Feminine Care, we're comping the big launch of Discreet, the adult incontinence product, so that has an impact. Two, I mentioned the Family Care choices and I mentioned their one point impact on that category. Three, I mentioned Baby Care softness outside the U.S. and the fact that we're really just getting the products in the marketplace in China that will allow us to compete with effectiveness in the premium tier. So really it's not self-induced volatility. It's those things that I just described. In terms of pricing for FX in an uncertain competitive and consumer environment, there will be volatility. We need to work to get that as right as we can and reduce the volatility, but I don't think it's just a realistic expectation that there won't be any of that volatility. I think we also confuse ourselves a little bit when we look quarter to quarter. These things always have big impacts, usually first positive, and then negative; positive as you announce a price increase and volume sells in ahead of that price increase, negative afterwards as that inventory is drawn down and as consumers adjust to the new pricing in the marketplace. So this is somewhat of just a reality of our times, if you will. Again, I don't excuse the need to be as proficient and effective and efficient in this area as we need to be. That's certainly what we're striving for.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Ali. Honestly, David and I have not had a chance to talk about how we're going to proceed going forward with the totality of investor interaction. But he will be certainly well represented, is already interacting with investors. We have a day scheduled here November 4, I think some of you know – November 5, and he'll join us for that as well. So we will get David fully involved, and we'll update you on just exactly how that's going to work when we have a better view of that. In terms of your comment on dialogue versus soliloquy, I certainly hope that this is a dialogue. That's what I look forward to. I get no value out of a soliloquy. And you've been good in this regard in terms of maintaining a very active dialogue, which I appreciate. On the question on price gaps and where we're losing share, I would say things fall into three or four buckets, and it's not one solution solves everything. There are some places like the bad businesses I've described where losing share is the right thing to do. And so those share losses we're going to work to get behind us and get to a profitable position so that growth is worth something. There are cases, as I've mentioned, where we do need to adjust pricing, and we will do that. There are other cases where improvement in the value equation that's required to reverse share loss comes through a much better product offering, where the benefits of that offering are much more clearly communicated to consumers. And it comes with getting that preferred, better product in consumers' hands, not just telling them about it, but allowing them to experience it. I talked about investments in sampling and trial. We frankly haven't been as strong as we need to be at key sampling and trial opportunities, specifically points of market entry and points of market change, and we're strengthening our programs there. I mentioned putting 25 million FlexBall razors in the hands of men across the world. Telling them about that product is one thing. Putting it in their hands changes the dynamic pretty significantly. And another example where we're working to strengthen that is in Laundry, where we're increasing our washing machine sampling, and importantly, we're doing that for the first time with unit dose. So consumers get to experience our best, most convenient product as they set up their household. So it's really across the board. But yes, where we do need to address value gaps, we will. Again, how you do that is going to differ by individual situation. On share repurchase, we're committed to the same amount of repurchase that I described on the last call. That hasn't changed. Recall that with the Duracell transaction, there's a significant cash component. And so we've been managing our share repurchase pattern, if you will, with full knowledge of that. That is coming up in the first part of the year, and also with an eye towards what our credit metrics are. But we will repurchase shares on an increasing rate as we move forward here.
Jon R. Moeller: We will not, in most cases, be looking to promotion as a way to strengthen our business. We will be competitive where we need to be, but that is not going to be something that we proactively increase. We may increase trade spending at any point in time as a mechanism of adjusting price, but generally that's not our game. If you look at price, which includes promotion as a driver of top line, it had a two point – it was a two point positive impact in the quarter we just completed. It's been a positive impact for the last 20 quarters and a positive impact for the last 11 years. So we are not going to be using that as a way to improve our situation, but we will remain competitive. The reason for that is fairly straightforward. There's nothing that is really proprietary in that. So as you rightly indicated, that's the mechanism we use to adjust every value equation. That can be undone very quickly and very easily. We'd much prefer to establish superior value equations with superior products that are adequately supported. And that's also the reason why maybe the top line isn't turning as quickly as certainly we would like or understandably as you would like because we're not going to spend money just to spend money. We're not going to spend money in ways that are not sustainable in terms of generating growth in a profitable way on our business. And I apologize, Jason, I'm just not that familiar with the Acosta/Kraft dynamics at a granular level, so I need to pass on that one. But again, we can try to get you that perspective offline.
Jon R. Moeller: The timing on Duracell should be the January – March quarter. And within that, I don't have a month nailed down, but it should be in that quarter. Obviously, from a substance standpoint, I don't want to front-run David and so do not want to be representing his point of view. I want him to represent his point of view. We will look for opportunities to do that as soon as it's practical. Obviously, he starts November 1. We get pretty quickly into the holiday season then. And so at minimum, what we've said is that David will join us when we're all together at CAGNY. And I think also by that time, you can have some more conviction on what he indicates the path forward is simply because he'll have had the appropriate amount of time to develop that thinking. But as I said, we'll look for any opportunity we can to increase exposure as time goes on.
Jon R. Moeller: We do expect improvement in volume as we go through the year. It will be lower than sales, so pricing will be a bigger driver for the balance of the year. Obviously, that gap will narrow as we go through quarter by quarter. I apologize, I forgot the second part of your question. But you can feel free to call me, I apologize.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Alicia. The competitive activity we're seeing is actually pretty constructive, as I mentioned earlier, both on the pricing front and on the product front. So the big driver of competition, for example, in China in Baby Care, is product-based innovation at the premium end. That's very constructive from a market standpoint. If we look at competitive activity, for instance, in the Laundry market in the U.S., take Personal as an example, that's product-based innovation at the premium end. We haven't been as well positioned as we need to be to respond to some of that, some of those moves, like for instance in Baby Care in China. But it's generally constructive. There are pockets here and there where things happen that we wouldn't have chosen, but broadly good competition.
