Andre Schulten: Good morning, Steve. We -- as we said in the prepared remarks, we expect the market to return to a lower, more sustainable growth rate more in line with historical growth at around 4%. That will have a stronger contribution on the volume side. We would expect that to be around 2% -- 1% to 2% of pricing and maybe a point of mix impact. That will occur over the next few quarters and as always, P&G is intending to grow ahead of the market. So really, our expectation for the year is to be slightly ahead of the market in terms of volume and slightly ahead in terms of price. We continue to believe that we can price with strong innovation. And we have gained even more confidence over the past two years that our strategy of pricing with innovation to drive superiority and create value for the consumer is working. And so we fully expect to return to that pattern. And again, pricing has been a core component of our growth for 18 out of the last 19 years, so we expect that to continue. Specifically, I think the pricing will start to lap in quarter two. So you will see probably the price contribution drop to -- by 3 to 4 points in quarter two, and that was expected. And we then sequentially expect volumes to pick up and offset part of that but do expect a lower overall market growth rate for the balance of the year. To your second part of the question, enterprise markets versus focus markets, I think the only differential would be foreign exchange. And we'll continue to price for foreign exchange. We've done that very successfully across the world. Turkey is a major example where we've been able to price for the significant devaluation of the Turkish lira, but we are able to grow share, grow sales, grow profit. We'll continue that model. Outside of that, we'll continue to do and drive the same business model we're driving in focus markets, innovate, drive superiority, price, grow markets and thereby grow sales, profit and share.
Andre Schulten: Good morning, Dara. When you look at the total market, it's very consistent with previous periods. You still see average market growth of around 6% to 7%. And you see still the price component being a significant driver. Volumes are stabilizing at a global level. Minus a point to flat, depending on the geography. You look at the only exception being Greater China. So the price component and the price rollover is consistent period-over-period. So no differentiation there from a competitive standpoint, at least not that we see it. Promotion continues to be -- promotion levels and other indicator continue to be below pre-COVID levels. In the US, for example, volumes sold on deal is now at about 29%. Overall promotion level is still [indexed 80] (ph) versus pre-COVID. In Europe, we also see promotions still down and actually sequentially decreasing. Now it's a different dynamic by market, obviously, but when we aggregate up, it looks like over the past few quarters, promotion activity is actually still decreasing. And that makes sense. If you look at the relatively little or small help to commodity costs, we see about $800 million after-tax help offset by about $1 billion of foreign exchange. And recall, we're coming from two years, which combined have an impact of $7 billion of headwinds. So I think everybody is still recovering so the current pricing dynamic makes sense. We have not experienced retailer pushback beyond normal discussions on how to maximize value for their shoppers and for consumers overall. And again, our model of driving innovation and therefore, superiority and sales, while we price and create value for retailers and shoppers seems to be resonating. On the volume side, we feel very good about where we are in the trajectory of volume growth. Again, excluding China, we're already seeing volume growth of 20 basis points, sequential improvement in -- versus the prior quarters, which we would have expected. And again, that's in the context of 7% pricing still flowing into the market. We expect volumes will continue to grow. US strong. As we said, Europe, strong. Latin America and India are strong. So we continue to see us progressing on that trajectory.
Andre Schulten: Thanks, Rob. Good morning. I think we said all along that we don't expect the China recovery to be quick, extensive or linear. And I think that's playing out. The business health in China is really all driven by market dynamics right now. So total market volume continues to be down. It has been down over the past few quarters between 7% and 9%. Value is down around 5% over the past few quarters, and that's the market I'm describing. So we're operating within a market that is still contracting post-COVID reopening. That said, we do believe that China continues to be an attractive place for us to do business. We've been there for 30 years. We have a very strong organization on the ground, R&D capability, supply chain capability and commercial capability. The Chinese consumer is a demanding consumer. The Chinese retail environment is a demanding retail environment and that generally plays to our strength. So we believe that, a, we can play a value-creating role in China, and we expect the Chinese market to return to mid-single-digit growth here over the coming periods. If you just look at the consumer structures, middle-income consumers, we have about 450 million, we estimate in China today. That will grow probably north of 700 million over the next five years. So there is a class of consumers that we believe are attractive for our businesses. And therefore, we believe that our business in China can create significant value over the next few years and we'll continue to remain invested.
Andre Schulten: Yep. Good morning, Lauren. Thank you. Look, the European -- let me focus here on the Western European side because I think that's where your question is relevant. Look, we've seen 15% organic sales growth in Europe focus markets, which is incredibly strong, a combination of 2% volume growth and strong price/mix. We have 40 basis points of share growth across the same geographies that is returning to volume growth, and that generally are positive signs. Yes, private label shares in Europe are growing. They continue to grow at about an 80 basis point clip month-over-month. But that still enables us to grow share in the same geographies. And I think that share growth is enabled by a strong portfolio across different brand tiers, across different cash outlays. The fact that we are present in all relevant channels across Europe, and that allows us to effectively compete even as consumers look at the private label versus branded value creation, the balance seems to be still in our favor.
Andre Schulten: Good morning, Bryan. If you look at the first quarter, I think the -- we are encouraged by the combination of factors here on the consumption side. Again, volume -- return to volume growth outside of China, we expect the China to be choppy as we said all along. But even with China down, we've been able to grow 7% and that certainly has been encouraging to us. And the depth and breadth of that growth, both across value and volume outside of China is really encouraging us and giving us confidence that the model will continue to drive results that point to the upper end of the guidance ranges. On the reinvestment side, we will continue to look for opportunities to invest when the return of that investment is attractive. It won't be driven by availability of funds. It will be driven by ability to create an attractive return. Our first priority, as you can imagine, in this current environment is to invest in ideas that drive market growth. So investing in products, investing in innovation that is driving new jobs to be done, investing in media spending that is driving household penetration, investing in communication to the consumer that drives usage in the right way to drive better delight for the consumer will be key. A couple of examples. Ninjamas in bedwetters was a sleepy category. We entered a couple of years ago. The category is growing 7%. We were able to drive 60% of that growth, which is six times our fair share. Those are great examples where we can continue to invest, drive growth for the business, drive growth for our retailers and create value for shareholders. We continue to see opportunities in media as we get sharper and sharper on our targeting across media around the world and our [capabilities are scaled] (ph). The ROI gets better. So we'll continue to drive up reach. We continue to drive up frequency. And again, that is a core driver for us to drive household penetration, drive trial, which will turn into loyalty and repeat. The last bucket I will give you is investing in supply, resilience and productivity. Our supply chain resilience, we see as a core competitive advantage for our retail partners and for ourselves. So we'll continue to ensure that our capacity to demand ratio is where we want it to be. And investing in productivity, we believe, has a high payout and is critical for us to continue the investment in superiority, which is part of the business model. So those are the headlines, but be reassured, we'll do it on a very disciplined basis with return on investment as the top priority.
Andre Schulten: So first part -- good morning, Andrea. First part of your question, we obviously want to see SK-II return to growth but the volume impact of SK-II is relatively limited because the volume to organic sales ratio obviously is very high unit sales. So China, we believe, will return to mid-single-digit growth. When exactly that's going to happen is really hard to predict. And I would say, like we have delivered 7% organic sales growth in the first quarter with China down, I think we'll continue to operate, and not counting on China recovery as the core catalyst to growth for the coming quarters. On your sequential question on volume, you're right. As we said, the pricing contribution to organic sales growth will decrease 3 to 4 points over the coming quarters. And we expect volume to progress sequentially. The exact trajectory of that progression, I think, is questionable, and I won't make a prediction here. But I'll tell you that the progress we're seeing from minus 6% to minus 3% to flat -- to minus 1% to now flat, is pointing in that right direction. So we see we're on the right path, and we will continue to invest to drive wholesale penetration and create that volume growth in our business.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. Thanks, Olivia. Good morning. Look, the consumer continues to be remarkably resilient. As we said in the US, the consumption levels are actually stable. Our volume share and our value share are growing. And that's true in Europe and in most parts of the world. And I interpret that as our portfolio doing exactly the job that it's supposed to do. And building a portfolio that is grounded in superiority in daily use categories that are nondiscretionary, I think, is serving us extremely well. We're able to add value, bring value to the consumer. And we are doing that in every tier, not just in the premium tier, but in the mid-tier and in value tiers across the world, which allows us to serve the consumer even as their spending preferences might change. Now, we haven't seen a significant change in their preference yet. If anything, consumers that are choosing P&G products continue to trade up within our portfolio. But you can see our ability to grow in markets even when we see private label shares expand. And so we don't expect a significant change in that profile. And we believe we are well set up to grow even if the consumer feels a bit of -- more of a pinch here going into the fall or winter season. The main intervention for us continues to be investing in innovation and continue to invest in media support to communicate the strength and the value that our brands can provide. We don't see a significant need to drive price promotion. Our focus, if we promote, if we look for in-store support is really to drive regimen. So we view it as a strategic tool to drive either trial or habit formation, i.e., regimen steps added to the laundry regime or the hair care regime, for example, because that drives incremental consumption, it drives growth for our retail partners and for us. In many cases, our innovation is strong enough to get in-store support, and that's really what we're after. When the product in and of itself generates enough traffic and consumption so retailers want to support it, that's the golden grade we’re after.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. Good morning. The laundry business is very encouraging. Results around the world are very strong. Let me focus on the US market because that's -- it's the biggest market and you have the highest visibility to. But if you look at the trends, they are very encouraging. We are now growing value and volume share in US fabric care. Value share has been flat over the past three months. Volume share has been up 1.6 points. So we continue to push the laundry business forward. We have record high fabric enhancer shares and we have record high laundry consumption in the US. Most importantly, I think, is the fact that we're driving 70% of the category growth in laundry, and we're driving 100% of the category growth in fabric enhancers. And it's really driven by strong innovation, strong superiority and doubling down on consumer relevant communication and in-store support. So I fully believe that this will only accelerate. And to your question, yes, it is sustainable because it's just in line with the business model. PHC is doing extremely well around the world. And obviously, the seasonality here plays a key role. Going into the season, we see strong results, which is part of the strength in volumes that you see. And the last part I'll leave you with is we've invested significantly and continue to invest in strengthening our supply capability in personal healthcare, which will be needed to support that strong growth going forward. But feel good about both businesses. And yes, I think the trajectory is absolutely sustainable.
Andre Schulten: Good morning, Filippo. Yeah, when we talked about the cadence of earnings, I think it's important to understand the drivers of the gross margin expansion we saw in quarter one. And we expect some normalization of gross margin. We were certainly benefiting from a high price contribution in quarter one. And as we said, that price contribution will ease over the coming quarters. The biggest part of the commodity help, about 33% of the $800 million after-tax commodity help has materialized in quarter one. So that's a positive to gross margin relative to the balance of the year. And the foreign exchange rate headwinds will accelerate over the coming quarters. On the other hand, we will accelerate and continue to drive strong productivity. We will continue to drive trade-up and innovation. And we continue to drive every other element of productivity, not only in gross margin, but across the P&L and the balance sheet. But I want you to take away that the gross margin expansion in quarter one is very strong, but we have headwinds going into the balance of the year.
Andre Schulten: Good morning, Peter. Look, the Latin America business is on fire. And I think it is on fire because we've chosen maybe opposite to the market to double down on superiority. When we saw the need to price for foreign exchange and commodity impacts in Latin America, the team made the choice to double down on innovation and price for the innovation and to offset foreign exchange rate, inflation and commodities. And that clearly has played out well. We are seeing growth in our categories, and we are seeing share growth in Latin America. The growth is both on the volume side and on the value side in the biggest markets, in Brazil, Mexico, for example. I think the biggest headwind that we have to acknowledge is Argentina where it's very difficult to make progress at this point in time, given the level of inflation, some constraints in terms of ability to price. So outside of Argentina, I can only paint a very positive picture of the Latin America growth construction. And again, it's grounded in the superiority of our brands. And I feel very strong about the sustainability of that model.
Andre Schulten: Yep. Good morning, Mark. Look, I really don't have any more insights on the China recovery timing. You see the volatility in the market that will directly correlate with consumer confidence, income levels and therefore, recovery timing. I think we're hoping for faster, but we're prepared for longer would be my answer here. On the gross margin versus marketing spending side, we're -- when I say we're ROI driven, I really mean we are ROI driven. So there's no direct correlation between availability of funds and investment levels. If we continue to see strong response to the marketing spend, increases that we deliver in quarter one, I think there's a strong incentive for us to continue that level of investment. I also expect that our gross margin expansion and our overall growth contribution availability will continue to enable us to drive strong innovation and drive strong support of those innovations. That's part of the business model. That's why, again, it has to be a combination of driving very strong productivity to reinvest in superiority, to grow markets, and we have to keep that cycle spinning.
Andre Schulten: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us today. Again, very strong first quarter in the year and we look forward to speaking with you. If you have any questions, John and I will be available all day. So please feel free to call or e-mail. Thank you very much.
