Andre Schulten: All right. I'll give it a try, Dara. So on the total year forecast, I think with half one results in, we are on track, very well on track to deliver the year and the guidance ranges that we're communicating. When you look at our EPS delivery for the balance of the year, we are assuming, as we always do, current spot rates on commodities and foreign exchange. And given our desire to reinvest, we would not assume that every dollar that we see in commodities and foreign exchange immediately flows through to the bottom line. We see significant upside for us to continue to invest in superiority across all five vectors. And if that upside is available to us, we will do that in the short term and the midterm. We have -- also, as we said in the prepared remarks, we are still above ingoing assumptions. So $0.17 worse than we had at the time when we provided the initial guidance. So that leads us to continue to be pointed towards the lower end of the core EPS range. But as you say, with more help coming, that probably is increasing our confidence to deliver that range or hopefully slightly better.  On the top line, again, when we look at the half one results, we feel very good about our standing here to deliver a higher -- the higher end of our initial top line guidance. So that's why we raised to 4% to 5% organic sales growth. And the fact that we see low volumes in the current quarter really is important to understand in more depth. So the 6% or 5.8% negative volume on the quarter, when you dissect it about half of that is not really consumption driven. So we have 1 point related to our portfolio choice in Russia, where we cut the portfolio by 50% to focus on essentials versus the full portfolio we were operating before. We have about 2 points related to temporary inventory reductions, which we saw in China with the market heavily impacted by COVID lockdowns and O&D. And especially on the offline side of the market, we see retailer inventories reduce reserve cash. We saw some inventory reduction in power Oral Care and Appliances in Europe. And we have seen in late December, very strong consumption in the U.S., where retail orders haven't quite kept up with that consumption. So if you strip that out, the actual consumption-related volume decline is about 3% on the quarter, which is in line with what we've seen in quarter one, which is in line with our expectation and elasticities that we would have expected, given the amount of pricing that is in the market. What is encouraging to us to raise the top line guidance is that our volume shares are holding globally, our value shares are holding globally. And when we look at the U.S., our biggest and most important markets, we actually see an acceleration of volume share by 50 basis points over the past three months and even 80 basis points over the past one month. Again, all of that gives us confidence to raise the top line guidance while we want to preserve the flexibility to continue to invest in superiority to drive more sustainable growth. And honestly, that's going to be our job here over the next few quarters, continue to drive household penetration to reinvigorate overall volume growth in the category.
Andre Schulten: Yes, Lauren. We are -- the short-term effect that we are describing here is indeed Fem Care related. We see on the top end of the portfolio, very strong growth. We have seen very strong growth over the past two years. And we are just need to catch up in terms of overall capacity to demand ratio, both on the top end of our pads business, which is the Radiant or Infinity business. And as you well know, we're still not up to full demand levels on tampons, which we will install -- are in the process of installing new capacity in the back half. The investments across businesses to catch up to the very significant increase in terms of business size is underway. So we have capacity investments across most businesses. I wouldn't expect it to be a significant drag on the bottom line. In fact, the growth that we anticipate will more than outweigh the cost of investing in capacity, and that's the plan, obviously. So we have high confidence in our growth potential and that's really what's triggering these capacity investments. Just in the U.S., for example, the last quarter was the first quarter we've reached $40 billion in sales, up from $30 billion in sales just four years ago. So -- and again, our growth rate continues to look very positive. Volume shares are up and better than the market, our volumes are trending to positive numbers year-over-year. So we need to keep up with that. The net of it is all positive.
Andre Schulten: I would say the operating environment continues to be difficult, and we expect it to be difficult in the second half. While I think the U.S. is holding up very well. Enterprise markets are holding up very well. As John said earlier, recovery in China will be very hard to predict and probably not a straight line. We expect China to be difficult in the second half as it was in the first half. The European markets will continue to have to work through very high inflation numbers I think we've seen a little bit of help via a warmer winter season that has helped energy prices. But Europe is not through, I think, inflationary pressures and consumers are still to see many of the consequences in terms of the eating builds as we are entering February and March. That doesn't change anything we do. I think the best way for us to get through all of this is to continue to invest in the business and to continue to execute with excellence, which the organization is doing and which is driving these good results. Our ability to carefully balance pricing and productivity to offset the inflationary pressures is critical. Within pricing, careful execution and combining pricing with innovation and sufficient investment to drive superiority of our brands is critical. So that's why we want to preserve some level of flexibility to do those investments as we get through the second half.
Andre Schulten: Yes. I think Jon is exactly right. Our on-shelf availability is getting better. We're up now to 95% on-shelf availability, up from 93%. We make sequential progress. So as the supply chain is stabilizing, I wouldn't expect immediate return of those days on hand. I think some of it will come back, but it will take a longer period of time.
Andre Schulten: I would characterize our current media spending and support spending for our brands as sufficient, which we are paying a lot of attention with each of the businesses. John pays a lot of attention with each of the businesses to ensure that is the case. And sufficiency is defined as sufficient reach, sufficient frequency. It's not defined as dollars spent. So again, I want to come back to the fact that, yes, we view the current business as fully funded, sufficiently funded in order to continue growing our brands, their top-of-mind awareness and their equity. When we reinvest because there is a positive return in the short term, and we can further strengthen our brands or specific innovation that is out there. In the most recent quarter, for example, we've increased quarter-over-quarter, our total ad spend by $140 million. And that is a function of innovation timing. It's also a function of merchandising support and core timing advertising with that retailer support. So we -- you see us adhere to that principle of fully supporting our brands if there are opportunities to create short-term ROI, will continue to double down.
Andre Schulten: Yes. And if you look at L.A., 21% growth, for example, so that will be the top end of the growth and fairly consistent here. So enterprise markets continue to deliver very strong results.  Last point maybe on the media investment. The synergies we're able to create are a real and not insignificant. So if you look at Baby Care, for example, that business has grown 10% last year. They have completely shifted the way they run their media. They've increased reach by 20%, increased top-of-mind awareness by 26%. All of that while they saved 15% of their media spend. So the equation here really allows for sufficiency at lower cost.
Andre Schulten: Hey, Olivia. The -- let me start with elasticities. The overall view has not changed. We continue to see more favorable elasticities than we would have expected on historical data pretty much everywhere, but Europe focused markets. And you can see with 10% pricing flowing through. And when you strip out the non-consumption-related volume effect, a 3% reduction in volume, that is a very benign elasticity that we're seeing in aggregate and allows us to hold volume share and value share as the pricing flows through. So we feel good about, again, the strategy, doing what we wanted to do and the execution being very diligent in each of the markets. Europe is the one place where elasticities have returned to what we would have expected more on historical data, and that is driven by the increased pressure on the consumer. We're also seeing a little bit of price lag here. So private label, for example, is pricing slower in Europe, and that increases temporarily the price gap versus private label. Nothing we didn't plan on, but that explains part of the higher elasticities. In terms of peak pricing, you're right, many of the large price increases get left this fiscal year. But that doesn't mean that we're not putting more pricing in the market. So for example, we have a number of price increases that go into effect in February. So there's two components here. One where lapping price increases were executed last year, but we're also still passing through some of the cost pressures via incremental pricing around the world.
Andre Schulten: I wouldn't expect a structural shift in SG&A spend. I think what you're seeing in the run rate is about what we expect to need in order to be sufficiently funded and the gross margin -- and most of the margin expansion will come from gross margin expansion as we ramp up productivity, pricing continues to flow through and that builds gross margin period-over-period. So that will be the bigger contributor. And we're not counting on any major reductions in SG&A beyond what productivity allows us to deliver again, at current sufficiency levels, and we are very carefully looking at what can we reinvest actually and still deliver within the range that we want to deliver.
Andre Schulten: Yes, Kaumil. The environment continues to be constructive. We don't see much change in retailer conversations. It's focused on how do we best play the role that we need to play as a category leader in many of the markets by combining pricing with innovation, executing pricing in a way that consumers can appropriately choose from different price points, different value tiers. And how that plays out at retail shelf, both virtual and physical shelves in the best possible way, so we can help them grow their category grow foot traffic, et cetera. Those are really the majority of the conversations I would characterize this quarter or next quarter as any different than the previous quarters, where really it's about how do we do this, when is the best time to execute. It's not should we or must we take pricing. I think everybody still understands that we are recovering costs after we recover as much as we can with productivity.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Robert, on the volume side, I think the Russia effect will be with us for one more quarter before we annualize. And on the inventory side, as we said before, we believe this was a onetime adjustment. I wouldn't expect this to come back immediately. I wouldn't expect a significant further reduction in inventory. When we look at the U.S., for example, where we have good data in terms of retailer days on hand, we believe we are at pre-COVID levels, which is about the level that we've proven to operate reliably with our retail partners. So I would expect that to be a one-timer with potentially some help coming in back over the next few quarters.  The volume share dynamic in the U.S. is driven largely by Fabric Care coming back into supply. We have talked in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year and also in the first quarter of this fiscal year, that we had some supply constraints on our Fabric Care business that we had to address. We also reinstated merchandising support in the U.S. We've reinstated media support and that is playing out in volume share accelerating on the Fabric Care business. The other dynamic is family care sequentially improving from a volume share standpoint where we have seen a very high base when private label was in less supply and didn't have merchandising in the July to December period of last calendar year. That is being annualized.  So those two will continue, hopefully, to be a tailwind to our share position in the U.S. But as John said, it's hard to predict and look around the corner here, there are many, many variables that we don't control, but those two businesses explain the strength and hopefully, should have more upside going forward.
Andre Schulten: Peter, it really varies period-over-period, month-over-month. We've seen pulp was holding relatively steady. It has come down a little bit now on different grades. Propylene, polyethylene has come down a little bit. But it's really broad based and it's changing month over month, week or week. In general, what we're seeing is -- as you would have known, the supply situation is easing a little bit, and that's obviously helping the market dynamic, both on commodities as well as on transportation and warehousing. There's no guarantee that, that will continue. We don't know what China reopening will do to the commodity market. That's a significant variable that nobody really understands at this point, I would argue. So we're watching this closely, and we continue to forecast based on what we know today, which is spot prices. I think the other dynamic we can't forget is that our suppliers are still working through their input cost inflation, their labor inflation, their energy cost inflation. So there are two opposing forces here. One is the desire of our suppliers as contracts roll over to pass that through to us. And the other one is input costs easing in the short term. So we have to take both into account when we think about our ability to pass through cost helps.
Andre Schulten: Hey, Andrea. Yes, the China destocking, I think, will largely depend on the China reopening and that's very hard to predict. I think if consumer mobility returns to normal levels quickly, that will be a tailwind for every retailer with real estate on the ground. And that's really the major issue that off-line retail is facing. So if traffic returns to normal levels, that will be a big help, and obviously, no further destocking required. I'll leave it at that because I have no good way of knowing not as anybody else. We expect consumption in China to reaccelerate to mid-single digits over what period is hard to predict. But in the midterm, that's where we see our China market and it continues to be an important investment market for us. We have a very capable organization on the ground, and they are spending their days and nights to get ready for that. Fine-tune our innovation, ensure we have the best possible marketing programs, both digitally and with our retail partners on the ground.  I think on the European portfolio, we have prepared, like everywhere else, our portfolio for a recession. And it comes back to the basic strategies on the categories we play in. We are in nondiscretionary categories to a large degree that people won't deselect easily. They continue to wash their laundry, they continue to wash their hair. So that's number one for recession proving our business model. Step number two is investment in irresistible superiority. When consumers see the benefit our brands can deliver, the value will be clear to them and our ability to communicate that value clearly is critical, and that's why we continue to invest in both the performance as well as the communication. And then the last part is just accessibility of the portfolio, both in terms of brand tiering, so having premium brands but also value brands and price points across different channels, be that discounters or other retailers. So I think the portfolio proofing has been done, and I think it's showing results in a very difficult environment that we think speak to the strength of the strategy.
Andre Schulten: Yes. And I would characterize, obviously, the Russia element will be with us, and that's real. I think the market growth has been around 5% to 6% with a negative volume component and a very positive price component. I would expect that in the midterm to moderate to 3% to 4% overall growth and still have a negative volume component with offset by strong pricing that we continue to flow through the market. If you look at overall market size over the past three months, that has been the case, and that's where we expect it to be going forward. And that's pretty much in line with how we model the balance of the balance of the fiscal year. Our job here is to be ahead of that. And that's why we're investing that we will continue to double down on the priority investments everywhere. Jon, I don't know if you have anything to add.
Andre Schulten: Mark, I wouldn't expect the U.S. to fundamentally change. If you look back over the past six months, private label shares in the U.S. have been relatively steady. We've seen 20 basis points to 30 basis points of increase in private label share, which is a metric we're watching closely. But if you look at sequential share, absolute shares of private label, it continues to hover around 16%, past three, six and even 12 months. So there hasn't been a significant shift in consumer behavior in terms of trade down. I think the way that our pricing was executed with great support in innovation and great support in terms of marketing spend has helped. Our strategy isn't shifting. I don't see the market shifting significantly. All of that with a caveat that who knows what the next six months are going to bring. But if past behavior over the last six months, nine months is any indication, I think the consumer is relatively steady in the U.S., which gives us great confidence. It's our biggest market. We do well, expanding volume share, as I said, and hopefully have a bit more upside here as Family Care and Fabric Care continue to gain momentum.
Andre Schulten: I believe that we believe that we're just at the beginning actually of our productivity curve. And it's driven by two things. I think Baby Care was one of the -- U.S. Baby Care was one of the more aggressive ones and one of the more obvious ones when you think about the consumer target, it's very narrow, right? You're looking for households with babies and diapering age. So going from mass TV where you have a lot of ways to hitting that target, which is about 3% to 4% of the population, provided the most obvious opportunity to drive synergies here. But we've learned also in other businesses, the opposite works. When you think about Fabric Care, everybody is doing laundry. So you've got a very wide target that you need to reach. And the Fabric Care team in the U.S. has brought their media planning and buying in-house, developing proprietary algorithms to better place ads during the TV programming, for example, and that in and of itself has allowed $65 million of savings in one year, while increasing frequency. So both models work and both models are still not everywhere. So we've got two examples in the U.S. There are many categories in the U.S. that are still building their own approach to drive these synergies and there's the whole world outside of the U.S., which is still building on the capabilities that we are developing. So we see this as a area of continued investment in terms of our own capabilities with a great ability to drive productivity for years to come.
Andre Schulten: Yes, sure. The India business continues to accelerate. We saw Q1 growing 12% organic sales; Q2, 13%. And India is a good example of those capabilities that we were just talking about actually rolling out and being very effective. So the digital infrastructure we've been able -- the team has been able to create in India is quite impressive and that's contributing to our ability to drive disproportionate growth there, both from a sales capability standpoint and from a media capability standpoint.
Andre Schulten: Thanks, Jason. On the geographies, I would not see any disproportionate tilt towards one or the other. If you look at the cost structure, the implications, they are pretty similar across the different regions. Timing might shift. Category is, obviously, shifting.
Andre Schulten: Correct. So if you look at the enterprise market, that’s where we generally take higher pricing in line with overall inflation in the market. So to Jon's point, that will be -- that will continue to be the case. There are other markets where pricing is notoriously more difficult to think about Japan, think about the G7 in general. So that's where you see less pricing impact. But that's not different from what we would have seen over the past few quarters.  Look, our desire to reinvest is across all vectors of superiority. So it is product package innovation. It's in communication, it's in go-to-market execution. So all of those are relevant. They differ by region, by category, obviously. The reason why we're focusing more on volume share is we believe that it is our job and opportunity to continue to drive penetration of our brands. We have a huge runway when you think about our ability to continue to drive consumption and even the most developed categories. So we want to focus our team on driving -- continue to drive household penetration, continue to create jobs to be done, continue to drive consumption opportunities. A world in which all of the market growth is driven by pricing is obviously not sustainable. And so both elements need to come back in balance, and that's why you see us talk both elements here between value and volume share.
Andre Schulten: Well, on the second question, I don't know. It's just a very simple answer. On the first question, yes, we see sequential progress on the cost side. But as I mentioned earlier, it's important to understand the two opposing forces. We don't buy commodities. We buy pack material. We buy super absorbers. We buy films, et cetera. And our suppliers are still in the process of passing through their own inflation. So while their input costs via commodity helps is certainly easing, they also haven't fully caught up to their cost structure hits that they have experienced over the past few quarters. So we'll continue to work with them to find the right solution here. But when exactly that balance is going to occur, hard to predict.
Jon Moeller: Dara, this is Jon. I would just add a couple of pieces of perspective at a macro level. The world seems to want everything to be better as do I. That's really not reality though. There's an incredible amount of uncertainty that remains. None of us, I think, globally really understand what the recovery rate in China is going to be as an example. And nobody really understands what the new policies and practices are going to mean in terms of consumer confidence in that context. You have the war in Eastern Europe. You have the highest inflation rates in 40 years. You have continued volatility in both the currency markets and the commodity markets. And importantly, that currency exposure for us is not a simple dollar exposure. There's a lot of cross rate exposures within that, which I realize makes it difficult to penetrate. But for example, the cross rate between the British pound and the euro has a significant impact on our bottom line.  So all that put together, while I'm extremely happy with the progress the organization is making I'm extremely confident that the strategy that we have is the right one that's going to continue to serve us well. It's just not an easy time to be taking up guidance to the top range of possibility.
Jon Moeller: Yes. Just one quick clarification there. The $40 billion that Andre is referring to is a annualized run rate number. So it was $10 billion in the quarter, which translates to $40 billion, [Indiscernible] 4, just so people don't get too carried away. 
Jon Moeller: Lauren, the point that you made and the point Andre made, there's a lot of upside here as we bring this capacity online. We indicated we're not meeting full demand in some of the protection segments. We have opportunity, as you said, across the board. So we're investing pretty significantly. I think as he said and you've said the bigger impact will be in our ability to accelerate the top line. It should not be a significant bottom line drag.
Jon Moeller: And just a little bit of color on the inventory piece, which has been accurately described a couple of times here. This is a fairly simple dynamic that's occurring. When there is supply volatility and uncertainty, it causes retailers to build higher inventory levels. When there's demand volatility, it does the same. So we've been through a period where inventories have been a little bit higher than normal in some of our retail channels. Supply assurance is increasing, demand volatility is decreasing. So those inventories are understandably being brought down. And so Bryan, I don't expect that there's a significant swing here quarter-to-quarter. I think this is the system normalizing itself.
Jon Moeller: And one other opportunity that we've talked about a little bit this morning, as additional supply comes online, there are often opportunities to increase support for the business to take advantage of that additional capacity. So we'll be looking for those, as Andre said, positive ROI opportunities to drive the business.  You asked about enterprise markets. When you get down to a country level, of course, it's very variable. But 14% growth on the top line, all three regions growing at over 10%. So the strength is pretty broad there.
Jon Moeller: And that, again, just for clarity, is a U.S. dynamic that Andre has just described, the 10% growth. And I'll leave it there.
Jon Moeller: And as Andre said, the conversation, much more constructive for all concerned when we focus on improving consumer value holistically defined. And that's exactly what Andre was talking about in terms of the combination of innovation and pricing. And when that's the conversation, it takes on a very different nature than a more transactional discussion. Also don't forget, our retail partners are the owners of the private label brands that we compete against. They're facing many of the same dynamics in terms of their cost inputs that we are. So just to reconfirm what Andre said, it's been a generally constructive discussion. I don't see anything in my interactions with our retail partners that causes an inflection in that discussion in the near term.
Jon Moeller: And just one attempt at changing maybe a little bit some of the semantics from supply issue to supply opportunity. Our supply organization has done a terrific job. If you look at the last 15 quarters or so, our organic sales -- the amount of organic sales end of period to beginning of the period is up 80%, 90%, which is a really good thing. And they've done a tremendous job of trying to keep pace with that. And as we talked about, there's just additional upside to fully meet and satisfy that demand.
Jon Moeller: Yes. It's a repeat, but it's worth repeating. It's a bit of a rain drop on the fray, Kevin. But I just want to highlight so that we don't get ahead of ourselves, how uncertain, for example, China is. Andre said it several times, we don't have visibility. We have, within our own operations, offices, innovation centers, plants, our current estimate of the infection rate is up to 80%. And we're sitting here in the week before Chinese New Year when all the traveling occurs. At the same time, we have a government and a populist who desperately wants things to get better. It's just very hard to say, hey, we should assume that as we go forward, China comes back like a tire. Certainly, we all hope that's true. I hope for China, that's true. But just you really need to understand how uncertain things are.
Jon Moeller: And this continues to be a market, the U.S. market that is very responsive in a positive way to innovation that improves performance, both for the product and the package. And we have many examples, Dawn Powerwash as an example, introduced at a premium price. The brand has grown at 50% since that introduction and Dawn has driven 90% of category growth in that situation. Down Powerwash, again, a premium priced item that was introduced largely during difficult economic times as a standalone brand would be the third largest brand of the category. So I just used that as an example for the continued positive responsiveness of U.S. consumers to innovation, and we've got a lot of innovation coming.
Jon Moeller: Yes. There's one exception to that, I agree totally as it relates to pricing related to commodities. But there are some markets, of course, where currencies are devaluating massively.
Jon Moeller: And there is where you see our highest amount of pricing, take Argentina, Turkey, the usual suspects.
Jon Moeller: Just for clarity on this point, though, I am not interested in volume share at the expense of value share. Volume share is a way to deliver value share. So at least we not be clear, it's both that are important, not a shift in emphasis between one or the other. The other reason that I wanted to make sure that we talked a little bit about volume is that it's a natural concern when we're taking this pricing as to how your volume is holding up and how -- particularly how is your volume share holding up. So we just wanted to be transparent on how we're seeing it, which is very attractive so far.
Jon Moeller: Yes. And just one additional piece of detail on that. It's not that they're slow. It's that we have contracts that cover, as Andre said earlier, cover a period of time. And in many cases, prices are fixed for a period of time. And then it's time to enter into a new contract. And that's what's going to continue to happen for the foreseeable future, not forever. But that's why it's difficult to look at, and I know you acknowledge this, look at U.S. spot prices as the holistic indicator of the direction of things such as not -- that's not sufficient.
Jon Moeller: Okay. I want to thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your patience and unpacking all of this. John is going to be -- John, Andre and the team will be available the rest of the day to continue helping with that. My own unpack, I am very, very proud and thankful for the efforts of our team to grow 5% organically to do it across all categories to continue to hold share in the U.S. build volume share, to be able to increase our sales guidance all against the backdrop of significant deceleration of the market in China, the situation in Eastern Europe, the highest inflation rates in 40 years. This team has done an incredible job of executing our integrated strategy to continue momentum through all of that; and similarly, on the bottom line. We talked about the impact on the quarter of commodities, foreign exchange and transportation. If you look at the last fiscal year, plus our forecast for the current year, you're talking about 50% of profit being eliminated as a result of headwinds in those three areas. We grew earnings per share last year. The team did. We're forecasting to grow earnings per share modestly this year. It speaks to two things, I think, that are very, very important. One is the quality of the team; and two, is the relevance, the continued relevance of the strategy.  So for what it's worth, that's my unpack. And if you want to call on and discuss that further, I'm happy to do so. Thanks for your time.
