Jon R. Moeller: As context for guidance, I think it's helpful to look briefly at the macro environment we currently face as we enter the new fiscal year. The markets in which we compete, as I said earlier, are growing at around 2.5% to 3%, including an estimate for non-track channels. Currencies and commodities continue to be volatile. Political and economic disruptions continue to have a large impact on markets. Policy changes, such as the goods and services tax implementation on India, will put pressure on sales growth. Many other policy unknowns still exist, such as healthcare and tax reforms in the U.S. and execution of Brexit, which could impact consumers and the company. Net, we continue to face a slow growth volatile world. We're also investing, as David discussed, in our future. Each of these is factored into fiscal 2018 guidance ranges. We're currently expecting organic sales growth of 2% to 3%, an incremental improvement versus fiscal 2017. This estimate includes about a quarter point of headwind from the portfolio cleanup in the ongoing businesses. It also includes the headwind from the price adjustment on the U.S. blades and razors business made late last fiscal year. Both of these headwinds will have their biggest impact in the first half of the year and will annualize as the year progresses. We expect 2018 all-in sales growth of around 3%. This includes a zero to half point net benefit from the combination of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures and the impact of the India goods and services tax implementation. Our bottom line guidance is for core earnings per share growth of 5% to 7%. Within this and very importantly, we expect core operating profit growth of 5% to 6%, essentially triple the 2% core operating profit growth result in fiscal 2017. We expect a net impact of interest expense, interest income, and other nonoperating income to be a 1- to 2-point headwind on fiscal 2018 core earnings per share growth. We estimate the core effective tax rate will be around 24%, roughly in line with the fiscal 2017 rate. Share count will be an earnings per share benefit of about 2 percentage points due to discrete share repurchase and the carryover benefit from the Beauty transaction share exchange executed last October. We plan to deliver another year of 90% or better free cash flow productivity. This includes CapEx in the range of 5% to 5.5% of sales. We'll continue our strong track record of cash return to shareholders. We increased our dividend as I said earlier for the 61st consecutive year in April. We expect to pay nearly $7.5 billion in dividends and repurchase $4 billion to $7 billion of our shares in fiscal 2018. Foreign exchange and M&A could have a notable impact on the ultimate level of share repurchase. As we manage the balance sheet to full capacity of our AA-minus credit rating, our share repurchase range is highly sensitive to currency fluctuations, particularly the euro. Given our euro debt balances, every 5% euro appreciation to the dollar reduces share repurchase capacity by about $1 billion. Likewise, if we were to make an acquisition we would adjust our share repurchase to maintain our credit metrics. At current rates and prices, FX is a modest help to fiscal 2018 earnings and commodities are about a $200 million after-tax headwind. Significant currency weakness, commodity cost increases, or additional geopolitical disruptions are not anticipated within this guidance range. Finally, as you consider the quarterly profile of your sales and earnings estimate, please note that the July/September period is the most difficult top line comparison of the year. Underlying market growth was notably stronger in the first half of last fiscal year versus the market we're operating in right now. July shipments have been relatively weak, consistent with the market level data you've seen and reported. Topline headwinds from the portfolio choices and the Gillette price intervention will be focused on the front half of the year and will annualize as the year progresses. Also keep in mind that productivity savings will build as we progress through the year. As a result, we expect the first quarter to be our lowest organic sales and core earnings per share growth period of fiscal 2018. With that I'll hand it back to David for brief closing comments.
Jon R. Moeller: Before we begin the Q&A portion of the call, I just want to remind you that the purpose of today's call is to discuss fourth quarter and fiscal year performance and the progress we're making through the execution of our strategy. We'd like to as much as possible keep our conversation focused on those topics. And with that we'll open it up.
Jon R. Moeller: And to your point on acquisitions, Steve. I think that increasingly, the how to win aspect of strategy will be part of our lens as we're looking at potential acquisitions, which we'll continue to do. So that is also part of the toolbox.
Jon R. Moeller: Well, let me just provide some data as it relates to the first question. And then David can talk more about the approach and the thinking. If you look at price as a component of top line growth, to this notion that broadly on aggregate we're leading prices down. Price was neutral as an element of top line growth for both the quarter and the year. It's been neutral to positive for 27 consecutive quarters and 12 consecutive years. So the notion that we're leading pricing down on a broad basis isn't consistent with the data. We will, as we need to be competitive and to address the point of winning value equations, make moves as we need to. But generally the direction again is not student body down.
Jon R. Moeller: One other thing, Ali, and the group on pricing and on understanding what's happening in the marketplace. As we've talked before, we're in a little bit of a difficult environment for you to effectively assess what's really happening. And I just want to address that for a second. And that's because we have our pricing strategy. But the ultimate price that consumers pay is at the sole discretion of our retail partners. And that's what you're picking up in the scanner data and the Nielsen data that you see. And so there are instances where if you look at period to period or versus year ago price moves, it would appear that a price reduction has occurred. In many, many cases that's not us reducing that price. So just a little bit technical. But I wanted to make sure I registered that point.
Jon R. Moeller: And to that point, while there's still more work to do, about two-thirds of our U.S. sales base is holding or growing share currently. That compares to 50% a year ago. So again continued improvement. Pretty strong volume progress in the year we just completed in the U.S. at 2%. 4% in the quarter we just completed. So as David rightly said, work still to do. But we are seeing that sustained improvement.
Jon R. Moeller: And just for completeness. It was implied in David's comments, but China was one of the four markets that we went end-to-end in last year.
Jon R. Moeller: And just a couple of pieces of mathematical perspective if you will. I'm encouraged by a couple things. One is that the 2% growth we delivered in the quarter ends a 2% growth for the year. And so it's not just one quarter we've been growing at that rate. We delivered over 2% growth and within that as we talked, there's a half a point of portfolio cleanup. And the Gillette pricing that David talked about had about a 30 basis point impact on the total company. You add something like addressing the China diaper situation, which David just talked about, and pretty soon – and I certainly don't want to talk our numbers up. But pretty soon you're at 3% just with that math. Now as David rightly said, as those things go right, we will have some things that'll go wrong and we'll be dealing with the challenges that our world faces. But I feel pretty comfortable with the behavioral changes that David talked about, the product strengthening that we spent both last call and this call talking about, and the annualization of some of the headwinds.
Jon R. Moeller: Sure. First of all in terms of retail inventories, I mean we're working hard with our retail partners to ensure availability on shelf. Within that we're very supportive of lower inventories systemically across the value chain. And a number of our product supply initiatives are designed to enable both ourselves and our retail partners to carry lower inventories. So we're not expecting a big acceleration in inventories that retailers are currently holding. But we're going to continue to work on availability at shelf. Some of our supply initiatives have enabled us to increase that significantly. In North America as an example, where we've gone to the mixing centers, we now have about 80% of our product line we can get to a store shelf within 24 hours of an order. And as a result, our customer service levels have improved significantly, getting close to 98%, 99% levels of service. On the spending question. We've talked about the need to invest in product, package, communication, shelf, and occasionally in the value equation. So you should assume that we're going to do that. In the fourth quarter the reduction in marketing that occurred was almost all in the digital space. And what it reflected was a choice to cut spending from a digital standpoint where it was ineffective. Where either we were serving bots as opposed to human beings. Or where the placement of ads was not facilitating the equity of our brands. Importantly, as we made those decisions and put our money where our mouth has been in terms of the need to increase the efficiency of that supply chain, ensure solid and strong placement of individual ads, we didn't see a reduction in the growth rate. So as you know we delivered over 2% organic sales growth on 2% volume growth in the quarter. And that, what that tells me is that that spending that we cut was largely ineffective. What we'd love to do, and what we're working with our media partners to do, is create a very efficient supply chain that helps us build our brands. And we'd love to invest more in doing just that.
Jon R. Moeller: And there will be a couple other screens that we – that would complement that search. And to the extent that we can be in categories and that can be beyond the 10 categories that we're currently operating in, where daily – where products are consumed daily or even more than one time per day. Those are categories we really like. Categories where a product is used or consumed once or twice or three times a year are not as attractive by definition. We want to be in categories where product superiority matters. Where purchase motivation is driven by the ability of a product to meet a need in a demonstrable way. It's not that they're bad businesses. But a large part of the choice in businesses we got out of was that purchase intent was driven by something other than that. Fashion, flavors, fragrance, self-image, all good things, but not up our power alley. So we're going to stay, as David said, very focused on the kinds of things that we know we can do well in. But there are lots of those.
Jon R. Moeller: Jason, I'll take the first one of those. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're expecting to increase operating profit growth from 2% this year to 5% to 6% next year. And in terms of all the pieces and the builds, I'd encourage you to work with John [Chevalier] through the course of the day, and he can help you with that. But against sales growth of 2% to 3%, that obviously implies operating margin progress. And we've been very clear, or tried to be, that the only sustainable model for value creation in this industry is balanced top line and bottom line growth, with margin a part of that.
Jon R. Moeller: And if you look at it in aggregate, our market shares online are about equal to our market shares off-line. As David rightly said, that differs by category and channel. And importantly, another topic in this space, our margins on aggregate are about equal online and off-line. To the point of the difference in growth rates between the online channels, which are harder for you to see, and the tracked channels. In both the U.S. and China, which are the fastest growing or largest online markets, our growth in both of those countries was 40% in the most recent period. So it is driving a meaningful difference between what you're observing in the tracked channel data and what our all-in sales growth actually is.
Jon R. Moeller: We need to stop here. We need to get on with delivering another above objective year. I know we didn't get to everybody. I apologize for that. I also know it's a busy day for you. And I want to thank you for the time with us this morning. I'll just turn it over to David for some quick closing remarks. And then John and I are available in the balance of the day.
David S. Taylor: As we close fiscal 2017 and enter fiscal 2018, we are where we expected to be. We're making sequential progress. And we're raising the bar in everything we do. We'll measure our progress in years, not quarters. We'll continue to make the needed reinvestment in innovation, brand building, and go-to-market to position P&G well over the next three years, five years, seven years and beyond. We're raising the bar to a higher standard of performance, irresistibly superior products and packaging, coupled with superior commercial execution, fueled by strong cost savings and continued strengthening of our organization and culture. This will lead to balanced growth and value creation and winning the total shareholder return. The plans we've put in action are delivering improvement. We are accelerating our efforts. And it takes time to do it right. Achieving our objectives will not only require continued focus as an organization, but also that we prevent anything from derailing the work that is delivering improvement. Winning results matter. They matter to our employees, retirees, and stakeholders. They matter to you, our share owners. Winning results happen because we earn them every day, every week, every month, every quarter, and every year in every brand and every country in which we compete. We're committed to win. And we'll do it within our purpose, values, and principles, which have guided P&G for 180 years. We know this is increasingly important to many of our consumers, share owners, and stake holders, who are interested in ensuring our actions and values are worthy of their trust. And as a global corporate citizen we have a responsibility to ensure that our business operations positively impact consumers in the broader world. We'll always do it the right way with integrity and with competitive passion.
David S. Taylor: I think the answer to that is it's a both/and. And that there's no question in my mind that we can accelerate growth on our core brands. And one of the things that I want to address is at times I keep hearing that big brands can't grow. If I look at my top 10 global brands, these billion dollar brands, nine of the 10 grew nicely the last year. Eight of the 10 grew faster than the company's average that we just reported, which is nice growth in this environment. So there's no question that strong innovation on existing big brands can grow. Head & Shoulders has been one of our best successes for years. It had another 5% growth this year. Oral-B brand grew at high single digits. You just got a number of examples. Having said that, I think you make very good points. And one thing you said, we need to increase looking outside or considering external hires. I think in many ways people underestimate how much we already do connecting with the outside and the number of conversations we're having and things that we're doing in some of our upstream innovation programs. The reality is, it's going to be both. We can and will innovate on our big brands. They are what drove the strong progress this year. They grew bigger than – faster than the balance of the company. And at the same time we are investing in – to use your term – retooling rapidly in terms of making sure we have the right skills, capabilities, and people, which is why we have increased the number of external hires. We're increasing our connections with many entrepreneurs. And I think you are aware, and we've talked before, we have both the P&G Ventures group that's looking for both existing and new spaces to play, but with new technologies as well as some internal VC capability we've been working to develop. So I think it's a both/and. And yes, I believe that can be done. And I believe the progress we're making, we just need to stay focused and not get distracted and go hard on this path.
David S. Taylor: The only thing I'd add to that is I clearly see the company having the capability to grow ahead of the market over time, we're within the head (50:40) of the market just as Jon said. And no, I do not believe we're structurally a slower growing company. I think if anything, the things that we've done over the last several years have positioned us to be more agile and more able to take advantage of new opportunities in markets. And the changes we're making in our innovation capability also give me confidence that we can now see some of those opportunities better than we may have been able to in the past. The combination of the lean innovation in all 10 categories that is starting to pay off and over time I think will build capability, along with the investments we're making in new jobs to be done, which has opened up some new problem areas – or places we can play that I think will be additive to what we've been doing over the last several years. And then this new, and it's very early, some of the work we're doing with some small problem spaces that have very large addressable markets, gives me a lot of belief that there's a bright future. So if anything, I'm more excited. And I think this year was a really challenging year to make the progress we did through the year. And the organization is very quickly learning to get from very structured to a very flexible, agile, accountable organization. Small teams, learn, pivot, learn, act. And to me that just tells me we're actually well-positioned. And you've seen and we've referred to in our remarks, we're doing very well in the online space, which is rapidly growing, both with pure plays and existing bricks and mortar that are really turning into effective omni retailers. And P&G is working very effectively across all channels. But we've opened up our field of vision to see – to be many more opportunities. And we're organizing our company to be able to take advantage of them. So I'm actually quite excited about what the future holds.
David S. Taylor: Sure, Wendy. Let me hit both of them. First, on grooming. To me the path to build the business, both in sales and profits, is to bring users back in and then to have products in each of the ladders that consumers see as better. And so they move up the ladder. The trade up model works. We've seen it over a long period of time. What we did not do as good a job as we needed to in the U.S. is bringing new users in. And so we lost a lot of household penetration. We weren't planning to keep price points. And we had reduced our spending on some of the point of market entry programs. We made a big investment, some of it in price, some of it in the point of market entry programs. And you saw the volume response. And we'll see over the next year as we continue to invest in bringing users in. And then we'll do what we know how to do, which is once one gets into one of the various places you can enter the Gillette franchise, we'll work to then expose them to better options and higher performing options. And trade up is the best way to build margins over time. And frankly, as you move people from disposables into systems and then into – more frequent use of cartridges, good things happen. So yeah. And we – because we're seeing it in other parts of the world. The U.S. is particularly challenged because of a set of dynamics we've talked, where we had missing rungs in our price ladder. You can look at other parts of the world, and it's continuing to perform very well. So again I see the grooming business as attractive. We've got work to do. And this year will be a challenging year. And we've been very open about it, and we're addressing it. On the speed question. We are actually in many ways getting faster. And it depends on what dimension you look at. When you look at things that require capital expenditures and building capacity, it does take time. Your cutting metal and putting equipment in place. In the case of baby care, the design of the product may be done relatively quick. But then having the capacity to make them perfectly a few hundred million times, you have to have equipment and you have to have a process and you have to have material supply. And that for us and many does take time. And if anything we're getting much more efficient in that, as we've done our end-to-end work on synchronizing our supply chain. Where we can and are getting much faster is on things that aren't heavy capital investments, packaging changes, and other formulation changes. And some of the new platforms give us much better agility. And when I talk about the number of different research tools – and I'll reference a meeting I'll have later this week, which is we can do research in days and weeks and months, not quarters and years. So many of these tools are ones where you don't have to go out and place a large based research at a mall and bring people back weeks later. We've done online today, and I'll have the read on Monday. And you can act on Tuesday. And that's what we're getting to is leveraging the digital ecosystem to access large groups of consumers, learn, pivot, learn, pivot, and then act. When you get into cutting metal, yes, it takes longer. And we're working on simplifying that part of the system as well. But we clearly have internalized the need to have a flexible, agile, and much faster organization and upping the accountability while we do that.
David S. Taylor: And just I guess a couple comments on the top third. I think performing and delivering results in the top third over time through ups and downs is a very good place to be for our company. It means you're one of the best amongst the very best in your industry across the world. You're competing with a number of competitors that are domiciled in different countries over time. And at the same time we've made a commitment and certainly we've delivered consistent returns to shareholders via dividends. And we've got a pretty good track record of increasing the dividend. So the idea of having a company that you can count on over time – and this is why I think it's a good goal – that delivers very good total shareholder return in the form of appreciation and cash return to shareholders is a very good objective. And I think our share owners will be rewarded as we deliver that. And that's what we're working very hard to get back to the top third and then stay there over time.
David S. Taylor: Yeah. It's a fair question. First, I'm very convinced end-to-end is a much more effective and agile operating model, because it has a very clear choice on how you're going to organize. And the G view or (1:02:48) the regional business unit that runs in North America today has line of sight and now has – and it's increasing over time, building the capability to understand the consumer, build a relationship with the customer, and building category mastery. And take North America, the U.S. and Canada. And we've had a little more challenges in the U.S. this year because of a lot of well-documented things that are going on in the marketplace. And I think if you see not only us, many other competitors, our results still are making progress. What I see – I just came from Canada yesterday. I spent a day in the market. A year ago or 18 months ago we had 30% of our brands growing share. Today we have 60% of our brands growing share. I didn't hear one comment around part of the organization saying, you need to help with another part of the organization. There was a very clear focus on addressing either consumer or a customer challenge that is existing in the marketplace. Or how to best execute a new initiative coming. The effectiveness of the current organization is meaningfully better. And I do believe it will show over time, strong results. We've got a couple big issues that we're addressing in the U.S. The biggest is probably the Gillette issue. It weighs pretty heavy on the market. We're going to have to work through that and annualize that. And a couple other categories that we have some long standing issues that we're working through. We've talked in the past about skin. We've talked in the past about some of the things on hair. And one by one we're addressing those. Head & Shoulders is growing, Herbal Essences is showing progress. We still got work to do on Pantene. So again making progress, but not yet where we want to be in all the businesses. And the other thing, it's a very competitive market with not only a lot of competitors but also some pretty dynamic things happening on the retail front. But from an organization standpoint, I clearly see improved operation. And I clearly see the effectiveness we hoped to see on the way we work. And now it's got to translate – and I believe it will over time – to more consistent strong results.
David S. Taylor: And the other market just, Lauren, to make a comment, that we started a little while back and is part way into it, is China. And it's another one where the breadth is a really good indication. We had two categories growing share – or growing sales even 18 months ago. And now we've got six. In the last quarter another one went, so seven of the 10. We were minus five in 2015/2016. We're plus one in 2016/2017. And other than baby that we've been very open about, it was plus four. So you've seen a meaningful change. And again when I'm there, what you see is the category, one, having the decision space to move at the speed of the market. And secondly, you see choices being made the wouldn't have been made several years ago. The Baby Care is a good example. The end-to-end team there on Baby Care said, I've got to cover the baby channel. I'm going to need to hire 100 people or get distributors to cover. The decision was made by the category, yes. Yes mode has helped to execute it, acquired the people and developed the capability, and it's happening. Though minus five to plus one in a tough market, plus four ex-baby, that's a really good indication volume is up in the U.S. And then Canada doubling the percent of the business growing share. Those are indications. And certainly the behavior I see gives me a lot of confidence. This is one of the parts that really is working. And over time I think it'll play out in more consistent strong results.
David S. Taylor: I'll just give you a couple comments, and again there's a pretty wide range by category. But we have certainly all the traditional measures. But we now are accessing many more external ideas than before in that all of the businesses in the latitude to both work with internal stake holders, but also to look at and engage where they see either technologies or even potentially other opportunities to add that are outside our company. Until something happens, we certainly wouldn't announce it. But as both I've mentioned and Jon has mention, we'll be active managers of the portfolio. And so ideas are coming both inside and outside. The ideation to me is broad. The spaces that we're innovating are more. And then the path to kind of whittle down lots of ideas to what's right for the market to me is getting faster. All those things I feel very good about. The part that I think is though absolutely important to reinforce is growing the core and building on the core is what will give us the momentum that I think we'll all be pleased with. And then adding to that. And that's why both the front-end innovation that we're doing within our categories, where we're using this lean innovation approach, which is generating a lot of ideas. Once you identify a problem, we source a lot of ideas and then can go through them much faster. But then we've added this PGV, P&G Ventures, and this additional corporate capability that's looking at new spaces that aren't in the 10 categories that are sourcing ideas, that then can be put in the category if it's adjacent or pursued independently. So we're not suffering for lack of ideas. And now the challenge is to process and then learn enough to develop models. The other thing – the last thing I'll say on this is we have several transaction learning tests going on. Some have been public, many are not, where we're trying new things as well. So again the number of both ideas and spaces, neat spaces that we're playing in is robust.
David S. Taylor: A guess a couple things on why do we think we'll grow from here in shaky macros. And there's no question the environment is difficult right now. But we've got many, many pieces of evidence that when we get the innovation right, it works. One of the areas that's big enough to mention is Baby Care China. Getting that right will make an enormous difference. We had and have had several years of well below market growth on a category that's growing above 110%. And so when we launch – and certainly we'll work hard to earn share growth in that category – that's going to move several points to China and will be meaningful to the company. We've got a few other areas. When we annualize the Gillette investment, that is meaningful. On the top of that, we've made some choices that are in the base this year, that Jon had referred to in previous remarks, that we will be annualizing. We decided to get out of some pieces of businesses that just did not look profitable and would not create value over time. The powders business, laundry powder business in Brazil. We'll annualize that as we end this calendar year. So it's the absence of some of the negatives. And several of the innovations need to hit. Baby Care is one of them, addressing Gillette. We have some very exciting innovation coming on skin care and hair care. And one of the encouraging points is some of the early work in China. Olay grew in the back half of our fiscal year for the first time in a long time in China, which is to me a nice leading indicator of the work we're doing both in-store, the way we present the brand, the packaging changes that have been made, and some of the new innovation that's hitting. So I look at some of the categories that have been drags, and we've got really strong plans. I fully expect them to be highly competitive categories in difficult macro environment. But I think we can earn improved growth from where we are today. And we'll continue to push on, making sure that we're agile enough to address to whatever happens in the external world. The organization is certainly better prepared to deal with whatever comes at them with the accountability clear and more decisions based closer to the consumer. So I think we're well positioned to deal with a pretty volatile world.
David S. Taylor: Okay, Bill, let me just give a couple quick comments. And I'll try to address that last one, which is much broader. The answer to, did we get what we expected in AMJ [April/May/June] in the U.S.? The answer is yes. The volume response was as we modeled, maybe a little bit better actually. But it's early. And so I'm not going to for a second declare victory. We don't even have the full plan in the market. We had part of it executed, certainly the price change at some of our major customers did drop. But there's additional actions that will take place over this six months to go ahead and get the rest of the plan in the market, the portfolio right, the packaging right, and the go-to-market programs. We couldn't affect all of that immediately. The one we could do quickest is the price change to address some of the points on the ladder that were missing. So we're in early stages of a very important investment in a very important category. And I can't predict what'll happen, but I can tell you that the early indications are positive. The fact that the user growth is back up, the volume is moving up, and we're getting very good support from our retail partners. They see the opportunity. And they also understand Gillette is the only one that can build value in this category. Gillette is the only one that has a history over time of creating value in this category. So getting it right. Getting the consumers back in. I won't try to predict societal trends. There's other things that do play in the results in any quarter, six months, or even year. But what we want, if we can bring more consumers in, and they see and appreciate the superior experience you have with Gillette, no matter where you come in relative to the best alternative in that price tier, then I think we're well-positioned to win over time. And we do see consumers trade up, because there are meaningful advantages as you move up from a two-blade disposable to a Mach and a Mach to a Fusion, ProGlide and then ProShield. So yes, we're making good progress. And it's very early days. This can be better addressed probably in the early part of calendar 2018 after we had six months and get the full plan in place. The second question, will we have to do something like this on other brands? We will have to, one, understand where the consumers go, and then secondly, the market will change. What's clear today, and we've now got much better early warning systems out there, is there will be many competitive actions, small from small and large companies. And I think we're doing a better job seeing those. And in many times – and there's many of those. Many will not be big threats, some will be. But what we need to do is cover spaces where consumers or shoppers go. And that includes channels and benefit areas. Each of the 10 categories now are designing an organization that's better in touch in the big markets with what's going on. I think we'll catch many of them earlier. And if we really do our job right, we create the new trends, because our innovation is ahead of where the consumers see the need. We provide an opportunity that they really like. And again I think the organization design and the agility and accountability I'm now seeing tells me we're at least better positioned to deal with a volatile world.
David S. Taylor: Why don't I give a comment or two, and then Jon will add a comment. First, we went through – you're absolutely right. We went through a very big process the last several years going from almost 200 brands down to 65. But what we said, and we really mean it, is when we closed on October 1 the Coty deal, all 10 categories needed to be in a position to grow. They needed to deliver results and grow. And it starts with very strong organic growth, building from the base. And I think we've got really good evidence that that is possible when you see the top 10 brands driving your growth and growing above the market, which is good evidence that we're starting to see our innovation programs working. On top of that, I think it makes perfect sense, and we've made the decision to say we'll be active managers. So all 10 of the presidents, as well as the company looking at spaces outside the 10 core categories that we're active. Now we won't do anything until we see something that we think can create value and leverages the core capabilities of this company. We've learned a lot with the process, the round trip that we went through over the last 15 years on buying another – a number of brands and companies and selling them. So part of the things – part of the screen that we used is learning from what worked and didn't work. But clearly we see the opportunity to acquire potentially new technologies, capabilities, or potentially companies in spaces that are in our existing 10 core categories, are adjacent, or ones that leverage our capabilities. That is active today for the company.
David S. Taylor: And let me give just (1:27:26), one comment about you singled out the paper businesses as particularly challenging. Two of our three paper businesses grew ahead of the category – ahead of the company. So Family Care grew share, grew nicely, and that's our tissue, towel business. And Fem Care grew ahead of the balance of the company. Baby Care was challenged. And we've been very open about China. We had a very difficult year, growing well below the market. And so that has depressed the Baby Care results. But when we get it right, and the Fem Care, I gave you a couple examples of the super-premium innovation that we have and some of the work frankly we've done on cotton top sheets around the world, we're seeing Fem Care respond nicely. And it's now starting to turn in share growth globally. And Family Care is growing share as well and growing sales and growing profit and a very strong total shareholder return, if I look at that individual business. So and what's interesting about both of those, what's driving them, is innovation well executed in market. Period.
David S. Taylor: Very good. All good questions, a couple comments. One, just a broad comment about it – about this space. Because I've got it many, many times saying, the low barrier to entry and the number of brands that come at you presents a big threat to P&G and P&G's great brands. And we've talked often about endless shelf. If anything, online consumers look at less brands than more brands. Walk a store at a big mass merchandiser, and some big categories like hair care you may say, 30, 40, 50 brands. When you go to any one of the online opportunity sources, you'll probably look at page one, maybe page two. And as I mentioned, strong brands often occupy the majority of page one and page two. So actually I think we're well positioned. And brands that are meaningfully better and strong tend to do well. And our online business is actually growing well and growing well in both sales and share. One of the things that I think is going to be critical to win online and it may be even more so, is the level of superiority. Because that then drives you to be getting both the discussion in social media as well as the movement that drives you up the various online companies' algorithms. And then the commoditization comment that you make. I give the same response I did when people talked about it in tissue/towel in 2006 and in any of a number of categories. Commoditization in my mind is – it occurs when we don't innovate or build brands. In all of the categories we've chosen, there's a real benefit that makes a difference in consumers' lives. If we can provide a differential benefit that's much better than the next best, then I think we're well positioned and maybe even better positioned online, because of the limited selection, because most people do by habit go to page one, page two. Now specifically on some of your questions, one of them that I get asked a lot, should P&G go direct-to-consumer? And the question is, we are testing and have tested and will continue to test a number of models, including a company store, including working on a variety of things from working with our omni retailers and pure plays and everything in between. We've got a direct-with-consumer model, which says we will build a relationship with the consumer. We'll do diagnostics. We've got a good example with Olay Skin Advisor. We'll gather information about our users so that we can serve them well, communicate, and own a relationship that somebody else may fulfill. But certainly our belief so far is that most consumers do not want to have a lot more accounts for narrow parts of their daily or monthly needs. And so an aggregator probably is better positioned to serve the consumer. What we do want to do is have a superior product and a relationship with the consumer so that we can communicate with them appropriately. And we're doing some very interesting and very promising tests in categories like Baby Care and Skin Care with building very strong relationships and a lot of access to names that I think will serve us very well. So it's more the relationship with the consumer. But we will concern and learn. I don't if anybody knows the full answer to this question. But right now I believe that we're best positioned to go through aggregators. And then on market share trends, we're generally doing positive. It's been – and I'll take the most competitive market in the world in this space, which is China, where our business just passed $1 billion. We grew share online, which is to me a very, very positive sign. And on a few of our categories, our online share is now above our off-line share. Not true in many categories, but in a few that's now happened. So that also bodes well for the future.
David S. Taylor: A couple comments. Certainly we are and have been rethinking marketing in that it will evolve. But I think the key is building the relationship with the consumer and communicating the full range of benefits of your brand in a way that makes a difference to the consumer. How we do that has changed. What we're trying to do I don't think has changed a lot. We now use a variety of different channels. And certainly social medial has exploded in its importance. There will be those that talk about not only the zero, first, and second moment of truth, but even after the in-home usage experience, now there's another moment you have to worry about, which is what consumers say about you in social media on Instagram or Facebook or any variety of different vehicles. And I think that's true, which is all the more reason why you both have to have a superior product, but also communicate it in a way. And the brand has to stand for something. It's one of the reasons why I believe campaigns like the Like a Girl, some of you may have seen the Ariel, Share the Load we ran in India. Or the SK-II Marriage Market campaign have really resonated with consumers, because they've gone beyond just communicating that the brand is superior, but the brand has a point of view. And it's one that sparks conversations about things that matter. And so that's beyond what I'd say traditional marketing of communicating the benefit of your brand. It's having an equity and equity that matters. And each of our brands is thinking through what that looks like. And then finding the smart and appropriate way to communicate that to the consumer, when and where they're receptive to the message, so that it's less of an intrusion. It's more giving them things that help them understand the brand and make informed choices. And that part I think is working well. The brands that do it best are the ones that are growing.
David S. Taylor: Yes, one, I want to thank everybody for participating today and let you know that we do see opportunities going forward. We had a year where we made progress. We're on plan, and the plan is working. It's innovation driven growth. It's fueled by productivity across all spend pools and all areas of the business. And it is enabled and sustained by an organization today that is more agile, more focused, and accountable. Today we have the plan, we have the portfolio, and we have the people to win. And we are extraordinarily focused to make that happen over the next year, three years, five years, and beyond. Thank you all for participating today.
