Andre Schulten: Thanks Jon. As I mentioned, we expect the environment around us to continue to be volatile and challenging from input costs to currencies to consumer, retailer and geopolitical dynamics. However, our strong first half results enable us to raise or maintain key guidance metrics for the year. We're maintaining our guidance range for organic sales growth of 4% to 5% for the fiscal year. This outlook includes a normalization in underlying market growth rates that we began to see in our second quarter results as the market lapsed the last waves of cost recovery pricing. For P&G, we expect the pricing contribution to topline growth to reduce by an additional 1 to 2 points in the back half of the year. We will continue to price for new innovations when warranted and to mitigate FX impacts. On the bottom line enabled by very strong earnings growth in the first half of the year, we're raising our outlook for fiscal '24 core earnings per share from a range of 6% to 9% to a range of 8% to 9% growth versus last fiscal year. This guidance implies slower bottom-line growth in the second half. As we highlighted last quarter, the second half of the fiscal year will see less pricing benefit as we annualize more prior year increases. We will also see less commodity cost benefit in the second half. Wage and benefit inflation continues throughout the supply chain and in our direct costs, and FX headwinds will increase versus the first half of the fiscal year. As I mentioned, we continue to expect organic sales and core EPS growth toward the upper end of the renewed guidance ranges. We estimate commodities will be a tailwind of around $800 million after tax in fiscal '24 based on current spot prices. This is consistent with the outlook we provided last quarter. We continue to expect foreign exchange will be a headwind of approximately $1 billion after tax for the fiscal year. The vast majority of this impact is driven by Argentina, and is heavily skewed towards the back half of the year. This outlook is based on a forecast for continued significant devaluation of the Argentine Peso, which we expect to largely offset with appropriate price increases. We now expect higher net interest expense of approximately $100 million after tax versus prior year. General inflation and higher wage and benefit costs weakness are also earnings headwinds for the year. We expect adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90%. We expect to pay more than $9 billion in dividends and to repurchase $5 billion to $6 billion in common stock, combined a plan to return $14 billion to $15 billion of cash to share owners this fiscal year. This outlook is based on current market growth rate estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates. Significant additional currency weakness, commodity cost increases, geopolitical disruptions or major production stoppages are not anticipated within the guidance ranges. Finally, we'll be closely watching the more volatile regions we mentioned earlier, including the health of the China market, and we'll be keeping close watch on competitive dynamics to ensure P&G brands remain superior value for consumers and retailers. Now, I'll hand it back to Jon for closing thoughts.
Andre Schulten: Hi, Bryan. No, what I was talking was the full year expectation. So again, we reiterate the range of four to five, but we see the possibility and strong probability that we'll be able to deliver towards the upper end of that range for the fiscal year.
Andre Schulten: Yes. And maybe just to add, we just talked with our team actually about being very granular about the assessment of the ROI. So, we don't have good investments, cover for bad investments. So really go down to the country level, to the brand level, to the channel level when we assess whether we are getting a payout on the investments. But the majority of the spend, as Jon said, is really focused on driving market growth. When you think about the opportunity on FE, for example, we've created 100% of the market growth in North America on FE, and it's still the biggest opportunity the team has in order to continue to accelerate both our own growth in a constructive way and the market given the low penetration FE has - Fabric Enhancers. Oran-B, another example, a power Oral-B was launched - Oral-B iO10 and we're also expanding distribution of Oral-B iO3, 4 and 5. We've led 70% of global market growth with those launches. So, communicating the benefit and driving penetration is a huge opportunity. So be assured we look at ROI very carefully. And again, market growth continues to be the main area of focus when we invest incrementally.
Andre Schulten: I'll start. Morning Robert. Look, the US continues to be very solid, continues to impress with I think a very smooth transition from pricing, annualizing and overall consumption coming up in terms of volume, which is enabling us to post the volume improvements Jon was quoting over the past few quarters, and still accelerating ahead of market with 4% volume growth and 50 basis points of market share growth. We continue to see trade up within our propositions. So as consumers come in, maybe at a lower tier and a lower value proposition, they continue to trade up in the U.S., which speaks to the health of the proposition but also the health of the consumer and willingness to invest. The last data point I'll give you on the U.S. is we are able to grow as private label shares are slightly up, we are up the same range. So, some consumers will look for value in private label, but an equal if not higher amount of consumers find better value in our propositions as we drive continued superiority via innovation. So, feel very strongly about the U.S., we'll continue to invest to drive more market growth there, but the consumer is resilient and the business is doing well. On China, I'll begin. I'm sure Jon has incremental perspective, but the China opportunity remains intact. If you look at the underlying market size, if you look at the potential development of the middle class, if you look at the ability to drive category penetration in our categories, all of those are huge opportunities for us, and all of those point to continued investment and commitment to the Chinese market. We have a very capable organization, and we continue to be very optimistic that we can create value. Honestly, when the market requires market growth to be driven by manufacturers, I think that positions us very well with our retail partners in China to have a competitive advantage and execute the model that we know how to execute in many parts of the world. In the short term, we mentioned it in the script, consumer sentiment is not fully recovered yet, and that is reflected in the results. Again, if you want to take a silver lining, we see the attractiveness of key opinion leaders and heavy discounting in key consumption periods decreasing. And that's actually good for us. And we believe that a focus on brand equity, a focus on strong everyday value via the priority, will allow us to help grow the market back to mid-single digits and strengthen our position in the market. Last point on SK-II, no specifics. The numbers we're quoting, obviously on the quarter, minus 34% include the domestic travel retail channel. Nothing else to add there other than we remain confident that as the sentiment improves, which we see already, with continued investment in SK-II, we see that business recovering over the back half.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Hi Chris, let me start. On the non-covered channel side, we've seen non-covered outpace cover channels for a period of time. This is not different. There's nothing specific happening there. We see a trend of some consumers going into larger pack sizes. Those are in club, those are online, and many of those effects continue. But there's nothing differential between covered and non-covered channels. Both are performing well. Non-covered a little bit ahead of covered, so that's why you don't see the results in the track data. What's driving the growth? I would argue it's all of the above that you've mentioned, right. I think, we're seeing pricing lapping, consumers seeing the pricing normalizing on the shelf. We don't see an increase in promotion depth or frequency, quite frankly. We are still operating at about 85% of pre-COVID levels from a volume sold on deal perspective. Competition is in a similar range, so there's no escalation of promotion. But what drives it, is strong innovation, innovation that is focused on growing the market, and strong communication of that innovation in a very targeted way, leveraging our capability, to be very detailed and very intentional on who we talk to, at what point in time, with what messaging. The U.S. is probably our most sophisticated market in that regard, and it shows in the ROIs and in the results - back to Lauren's question earlier. A few examples. Just the Gillette business, innovation on the core with the Labs razor provides a growth driver. But adding new jobs to be done, like female facial hair removal or male and female body hair removal, incremental jobs that when communicated appropriately of the benefit of the product drive incremental consumption. I mentioned Oral-B, penetration still low on the electric toothbrush. And as we're converting more and more users, that drives incremental growth with more innovation, but also expansion of the lower-priced options of Oral-B i03, 4, and 5, and then the launch of Oral-B 10. Last example, I'll give you and then I'll let Jon add is Olay Super Serum. Just to cover a few of the categories here is a new serum. The most successful new serum in the category, 30% of those users are new to the category. So again, communication, strong innovation, premium propositions, and bringing new crews to the categories, is what's driving that accelerated volume growth.
Andre Schulten: So on the other two questions on PHC, Andrea look the business is obviously very, very strong past for your average growth rate of 13%. So, the underlying strength of the business is very healthy. We see an impact of the core cost season. The season is still above average, but it's below a record season last year and it's developing a little bit slower in the current profile, which means there could be some upside coming - as time goes by. Last year Vicks was 28% in the same quarter, so you can see the high base that we mentioned in the prepared remarks.
Andre Schulten: Right, we're contributing. There we go. Just last point on PHC, if you look at the share development in every treatment area that we cover in PHC, we're up in share. In every treatment area, we're up in organic sales across regions. So again, it's purely a seasonal element. On distribution, Andrea, I won't give you an answer other than obviously driving innovation, driving incremental sales for our retail partners, driving category growth helps with their desire to have our brands present on their shelves.
Andre Schulten: Hi, Peter. The commodity basket is wide, complex, and changing very quickly. So the best guess we have is what we told you, $800 million of tailwind for the year, which the majority of which has been flown through the P&L in the front half. What I'll leave you with, I don't expect any headwind from commodity in the second half. It continues to be a tailwind. The second thought I'll leave you with, is the impact on the P&L given the time it takes for commodity changes to flow through our contract structures and our own variance holding policy, make the time lag significant. So, even if we saw significant volatility on commodity spot prices, the impact on the fiscal will decrease over time simply, because of those two dynamics. But continue to expect tailwinds just less than you saw in half one.
Andre Schulten: So the volume - we don't see a transitory effect on the volume side Jason, good morning first of all. So the base, there is always some base volatility if you know in terms of inventories, in terms of our ability to ship, but there is no material impact that I would call out that would have to be taken into account, if you look at the U.S. volume results. So nothing there. The SK-II improvement again, I want to pace expectations, but the improvement is really in the consumer sentiment that we're seeing, where we had very high social media coverage in quarter one, leading to negative sentiment and negative top-of-mind awareness of the brand, that is now dying down and honestly most consumers have gone back, to a neutral position, open to SK-II. And so, what we're doing is really doubling down with innovation and doubling down with communication on the efficacy, the quality of the product, the quality of the brand and leveraging the most loyal and passionate consumer group to help us make the case for SK-II, which we believe will help us improve run rates in the second half. The market dynamics, we continue to see bumpy, even over the next quarters improving, but there will be volatility there.
Andre Schulten: Yes, I just want to clarify, because the strategic intent really is what Jon described, right? We are moving in Nigeria to an import market, we will still be present, but it's a better way to serve the consumer and a better way for us to create value. In Argentina, we are divesting our fabric and home care business, and again, are looking to find a better go-to-market model. The language you're quoting Callum is substantial liquidation, that's an accounting term. And that accounting term, is really defining the point at which we recognize the accumulated foreign exchange translation loss in those markets, which is part of that noncash restructuring that we talked about. So the accounting term doesn't represent the business execution. It is a technical term that once we get to that point of substantial liquidation, we will recognize the accumulated foreign exchange translation loss.
Andre Schulten: Happy to. Hi, Olivia, so I started to mention this in the U.S. Our promotion level is still below pre-COVID about an 85 index competitive promotion level around 90 index. So very similar. We don't see a substantial increase in either depth or frequency in U.S. In Europe, we do see an increase in frequency, we do not see any increase in depth. Actually, both frequency and depth are still below pre-COVID levels, but frequency is increasing. So competitive environment still stable. And I think it's also driven by the fact that we are driving growth. We are driving market growth, and that contributes to the share growth, which means we can grow, but also it doesn't drive necessarily negative cycles in terms of pricing in the market.
Andre Schulten: Look, I think the execution of the strategy in Europe is really behind the strength of the results. The team has done a fantastic job in combining the price increases that needed to be taken to recover the commodity cost increases with very strong innovation that delights the consumer at the time when they see higher pricing materialize on the shelf. And that's really behind the benign volume impact as we took the pricing and behind the acceleration of volume growth now that pricing is established in the market. We've done that. A few examples. Jon mentioned Ariel, I mentioned Ariel as well, but Ariel parts in a more sustainable packaging launched with the price increase that we needed to take has been building organic sales by up to 20% or higher. So the results are really a combination of strong innovation, pricing and therefore, maintaining consumers coming into the franchise and trading up not different from the U.S.
Jon Moeller: We continue to be very pleased with the strong results P&G people are delivering in a challenging operating and competitive environment. Continued excellent execution of an integrated market constructive strategy. I want to thank each of them for that. While we expect volatile consumer and macrodynamics to continue, we remain confident that the best path forward is to double down on the strategy that has enabled strong results and remain committed to delivering balanced top and bottom-line growth and value creation for shareholders. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Jon Moeller: I have nothing to add on Andre's bottom line perspective. I would just reiterate one thing and add one thing on the top line. There are two questions that we've been discussing as we've gone through the first half of the year. The first relates to our ability to reaccelerate volume, which we've talked about several times in this conversation this morning. And I just want to reiterate how encouraging that progress has been. We've said it before, but it's worth saying again in our largest market, North America, past five quarters, minus 30, plus two, plus three, plus four. Europe, which tends to be fairly price sensitive, volumes, plus three. So that gives us confidence in terms of the momentum of the business on a forward basis. The other thing I would just call out that adds to this discussion is the breadth of the top line progress that the team has been making. Eight out of 10 categories held or grew sales in the quarter that we just completed, 21 of our top 25 brands did the same. And if you look at our top 12 brands, nine of those are growing at high singles or better rates. And that's inclusive of all the challenges that we're managing around the world. So that gives us confidence that the top line growth that we've been delivering should continue, just as Andre said, and that should provide the ability to continue to deliver decent levels of bottom-line growth as well.
Jon Moeller: All right, I'll speak first on this, and I'm sure Andre has some perspective as well. But if you look at the amount of innovation that's coming to market, both currently and in the future, and if you look at the opportunity to fully penetrate households with that innovation in ways that delights them and improves their lives, now is not the time to be pulling back on investments in marketing or commercialization efforts of that innovation. And that's where the majority of the incremental spend has come from and will come from, we look very carefully. I don't want to ignore your question on the effectiveness of that spend and continue to see through the addition of many tools and data sets that we can increase the effectiveness of that advertising, increase the return rates of that advertising as you see in our bottom line, while increasing reach. So that's what we'll be focusing on. We'll be very disciplined in that effort. Neither Andre or I or the rest of the team has any desire to spend money that isn't working for us.
Jon Moeller: Robert, as Andre suggested, I'll just provide a little bit of additional color on China. Having spent a fair amount of my career involved in that market and having just spent almost a full week there, in digesting the Q2 numbers, the P&G numbers in China, you have to think about a couple things. One is SK-II, which, just for clarity for everybody, is really driven by an anti-Japanese brand sentiment which Andre described. Our opening remarks that's related to the release of wastewater from the Fukushima nuclear facility, and we've had not identical but similar consumer sentiment dynamics in the past as relates to this brand and as relates to the relationship between those two countries. And it has always resolved itself with SK-II moving to higher heights. So, if you look at the decline in China on the quarter, on our business, I don't know the exact number, but basically think of it as 50% of that being the dynamic I just described and 50% of it being the market dynamics. The second thing that Andre referred to is important to understand as well. The heaviest purchase period historically in China was in November. I'm talking years past. And that was always a little bit disconcerting for us because a disproportionate amount of product moved during Double Eleven. It filled consumer pantries. It filled some retailer pantries, inventories and warehouses. It often moved at heavily discounted prices. The amount of movement during that period this year was much lower. And as Andre said, we view that as a good thing. And it's a temporary impact, a quarterly impact, a Q2 impact on the indices, but it moves us into a healthier position. If you think about the medium to longer term, Andre mentioned the expected addition of 200 million middle income consumers to China's population, that's very encouraging. Also, I mentioned I was in homes, I was in stores, I was with our retail partners. They remain encouraged about the future of China. I was talking to our organization at the end of the trip, our organization in China, and I told them I had never seen as much alignment in the market between our intentions and our strategy, our retailers intention and their strategy and the government's intention and their strategy, all focused on what's being referred to as quality market growth. As Andre suggested, that's a very good thing for us. We can play very effectively and help with that agenda, help society on a parallel path. And so, you put all that together, and I agree with Andre, and I said it earlier, I think the growth potential here remains intact. There are some specific items that exacerbate the trend that you're seeing on the quarter, but I expect this will continue to be a source of both growth and value creation for P&G. Sorry for the long answer, but I think it's important.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Steve. I want to step back first. We do face a lot of challenges in the world that we all live in, and those have impacted our business. But stepping back probably five years, the level of challenge has always existed, whether it was COVID, whether it was the highest consumer inflation in 40 years, whether it was the 50% reduction, 50 in our profit over two years as a result of commodities, foreign exchange, and transportation costs, and this organization overcame all of that. They've overcome the challenges we faced in the last quarter, and that gives me a huge amount of confidence that we have the ability, the skills, the strategy and the agility to continue to meet challenges, face first, and work through them in ways that are constructive for consumers, for customers, for employees, for society, and for share owners. We talk a lot internally about the complacency and the evils associated with it. So, it's front and center in our thought process. I have a couple of kind of trite sayings that I use in communicating with the organization, and one of them is that complacency kills. You don't see a complacent organization when you're looking at the breadth of growth that they're delivering. When you're looking at the continued, after a decade, continued work on productivity, yielding the kind of margin progress that we saw this quarter, you don't see it as they reinvest that into growing markets and to growing household penetration and shares. We're not immune to it, so you're right to raise it. But I feel, as you said, I feel the organization, not just myself, are very much on their front foot as they move to take advantage of the opportunities that we see in front of us. I've frankly never seen as many opportunities. Now, there's a lot of work associated with capitalizing on those opportunities, and there will be lots of challenges and forces that will be working against us in that endeavor. But the accomplishments of the midterm past, the most recent past, the reflection of the work that the organization is doing all the way down the income statement and the innovation progress that I'm seeing not only in market or coming to market, but as we review the pipelines across each of the categories also give me a good degree of confidence.
Jon Moeller: I apologize. I honestly don't operate at that level of data aggregation. So, I don't have the answer with any degree of specificity, but I know the impact was there. I know it's a good thing for us long term, and apologize, but I'm just going to leave it there.
Jon Moeller: And I'll just pile on. I agree with everything that Andre said. So just a couple more examples to show you again the breadth of the innovation that's been commercialized currently. He talked about Olay very exciting innovation in our hair care business as well. An example, Head & Shoulders BARE, which is a more efficacious anti-dandruff offering with the Bare minimum number of ingredients, nine to be exact. In an eco-friendly package, 45% less plastic. And it's one of the drivers of growth, particularly in North America on the Head & Shoulders brand which is up 8% fiscal year-to-date. Another example in a different category, Swiffer PowerMop, which is driving that business up 11% fiscal year-to-date and has built both volume and value of share at about 1.5 level so that's... And back to Steve's question on complacency, this is what we need to keep doing and that's why we talk about the best path forward being doubling down on exactly these things. They do drive market, they do drive volume, they do drive sales and they do it profitably.
Jon Moeller: Let me just take China real quick and then turn it over to Andre. On the cough, cold trend, et cetera. The mid-single-digit number that we referred to, is an expectation of longer-term market growth. You're correct. It is not an expectation of ours for either the market or our business in this current fiscal year. On the broader beauty question, when you take SK-II and the market impacts in China out of the equation. You see a business that's performing extraordinarily well. I mentioned Head & Shoulders, which is the largest shampoo brand in the world up 8% fiscal year-to-date. If you look at North America, Pantene fiscal year-to-date up 15%. Our skin and personal care business up double-digits. The same is true for the beauty business in Enterprise LA and in Europe. So it's a very strong business benefiting from the exact same strategies obviously applied differently that we're executing across the balance of the company. And that will, over time, as the market corrects itself, be demonstrated in China as well.
Jon Moeller: Just one thing on that, sorry to interrupt, Andre - that I think is relatively straightforward, but it's worth mentioning. As we were all coming out of COVID going through our first cough our - first non-COVID or like COVID, cough cold season, it's not surprising having, but spent time in our homes for the last two to three years that the level of immunity was not high and therefore the level of incidence was very high. So that's what we're annualizing against combined with a slower start to the normal season. As Andre says, we'll wait to see how that all materializes. We have seen some increase in incidence. You can probably hear a little bit of a frog in my voice this morning and I heard one in Andre's.
Jon Moeller: It's just an end of one, Jason. So it's kind of irrelevant. But I was in the home of a heavy SK-II user in Beijing. And I asked her about this dynamic and how it was affected in her purchasing. And she kind of laughed, and it wasn't the normal nervous laugh. It was - and she said she followed that up with, if Japanese consumers aren't afraid of this, why should I be. And she said, I'm much more afraid of the pimple that I will get, if I don't use this than I am about. So it's starting to normalize again, that's and of one. It was also interesting to me to see, what was happening with her kind of personal inventory and just looking at the liquid fill levels in the bottles, which were low. So I think, there's a dynamic as well, where a number of consumers just kind of waited to see how this whole thing played out, and reduce their personal stocks in the process. But again, that's probably neither here nor there, but I thought it was worth sharing.
Jon Moeller: Yes, these decisions are not taken lightly. A couple of points. One is where we're moving to an import model, which will be the case in Nigeria. We maintain an option on the future of those brands in those markets. We're just choosing to operate in a way that's - that frankly is viable. You get into some tough situations in some of these markets with currency controls with pricing controls with the ability to dividend money out of these markets. And at some point, you run into a set of conditions that just make it impossible operate. You can't get - you can't source dollars as an example, in order to purchase the ingredients and raw materials, you need to manufacture your products. And so, we've come to a decision when those situations present themselves to be pragmatic to be value creative and to flow resources to bigger opportunities that present more near-term opportunity, while in some cases, maintaining our optionality on the long-term. Andre, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Jon Moeller: By the way, as a prior CFO would have had no hope of explaining that to you as Andre Schulten is the current CFO just did.
Jon Moeller: The whole idea, just building on Andre's last point there, is to create business not take business. And that works out well for us. It works out well for the categories that we compete in and it works out well for our retail partners. And that is really the focus of the existing interchange with our retail partners. It was number one, two and three supply as we've solidified our supply chains. The conversation moves very quickly to how do we work together to grow markets. That's a win-win-win proposition, a win for them, a win for us, a win for consumers. And of course, adding a fourth win for shareowners. So that's the state of play. And I experienced that in Europe, I experienced - I was in Europe as before Christmas. As you know, I was just in China, that was the nature of the conversation there, and it's clearly the nature of the conversation here in the U.S.
Jon Moeller: I'd offer a couple thoughts there. One, China is our second largest market, sales and profits. Beauty represents a significantly disproportionate amount of the business. So, if we weren't committed to the beauty business in China, you'd have to ask yourself a different question. Second, when we did our significant portfolio restructuring, however many years ago, that was now into daily use categories where performance drives brand choice, we did the same with beauty. Exiting the most fickle to use your semantics portions of the business. We exited what I call fashion fragrances and flavors. The brands that we have remaining and the categories that we play in, there's real opportunity to drive long-term loyalty with superior performance. That's true in China, that's true outside of China. And there will always be a higher trial rate in that category than in many other categories. That's not a bad thing. It helps demonstrate the superiority of what we do offer and people come back to our brands. So now - if the question is commitment to beauty in China, the answer is yes.
Jon Moeller: We convinced ourselves for years that what mattered most in Europe was price, specifically the lower the better. And that wasn't an uninformed decision. You had the highest development of heavy discounters, for example, in Europe, which would then indicate that price is an important part of the consumer value proposition. But as Andre said, in the last number of years, we've really pushed innovation as a driver of value, not forgetting about value, but delivering it through performance. And that, combined with the executional capability of that market, which has just been phenomenal. And I want to thank them all as long as you've given me the opportunity to do that, has led to just really terrific results and I believe sustainable results. Great. Thank you for your time this morning. I know it's a little bit of a difficult quarter to unpack. There's a lot going on. The net of that, although is very positive, strong really strong earnings per share growth while increasing investments in the business, both present future maintaining top line momentum, building volume momentum and building share. As I expressed before, I have a high degree of confidence in our ability to achieve a level of success going forward, and that's based entirely on both the strategy and the ability of our organization to deliver against that. Look forward to seeing many of you at CAGNY in a month or so, and we'll advance the conversation at that point. We're around John Chevalier sitting across the table from me right now. He's around all day. Andre is around. They'll get angry if you call me, so call them, but have a great day. Thanks.
