Jon R. Moeller: Well I'd say, John, that we're in the middle of executing that plan, course three as you've outlined, and are to a place where we have the full benefit of for instance being able to focus on the 10 product categories which we will as we get through the beauty transition. We're also in the middle of dealing with some very significant market level events, which are kind of outside the strategy completely. But we're the market leader in a lot of the countries that are difficult right now, Russia's an example, and as I mentioned, we've made a very deliberate choice. The choice we had in Russia was very simple. We could accept negative gross margins in perpetuity, or we could price to restore structural economics so that future growth would be worth something. And that's the choice we've taken there as in other markets. And it's had a significant impact as we expected. So if you look at the month of June for example, our sales in Russia were down 57%, and we've got to work our way through these things. But we're taking an approach that we're convinced is the right approach for the long term. As A.G. mentioned as well, the innovation pipeline which we've been investing to accelerate, that acceleration is going to start hitting the marketplace as we go through the next year, which will help as well. And then ultimately at some point, we get to a place where FX isn't as much of an issue on either the top or bottom line, and we continue to deliver productivity savings which allow us to reinvest behind this innovation and grow faster. We clearly recognize the need to grow faster. We think we're making the choices that will allow that to happen in a sustainable way over the long term. We're not going to get there in the next quarter or two. But we do expect sequential progress as we move through next fiscal year.
Jon R. Moeller: And I would say our guidance was low to mid singles. We delivered low singles. And the difference between the high and the low end of the range I think can largely be attributed to the macro dynamic in FX which you can sometimes characterize as impacting everybody. That wasn't the case this year as many of our competitors benefited significantly from FX. While we, it was a huge headwind for ourselves. And so that is a differentiator between firms in our industry and that is part of the reason that we're at the lower end of the range.
Jon R. Moeller: A couple things there, Bill. One is we did not, in the year that we just completed, curtail investment to offset FX, and you'll recall actually that when the more significant FX impacts occurred, we took our guidance down specifically to protect the investments that we needed to make in the future. I think our guidance ranges that we've provided for next year, well in fact I know, they accommodate fully the investments that we're planning to make going forward. So, and I think there's further opportunity to drive productivity, which will provide another opportunity to reinvest, I mean productivity beyond even what's in our current plan. So I do not see these as contradictory in any way.
Jon R. Moeller: Well first of all, the strategy that underlies the guidance, the strategy and the plan are a company strategy and plan. That's all the way through the board. It's their strategy and plan. It's through the senior management team, which David has been an integral member of. And it's part of what the organization, every person in the organization's work plan is based off. So it's not an individual strategy or plan. It's a company strategy or plan. Having said that, I expect David will do what he's always done, and we'll do what we always do, which is wake up every morning and put our bare feet on the cold hard floor and optimize what's in front of us. And we live in a volatile world and we need to be responding to that on a daily basis. So we're not going to get locked or trapped in a very narrow element of our plan. We'll modify that as we need to. And I'm sure David will approach it that way.
Jon R. Moeller: And I think the last year is full testament to that. I mean you're right, the results aren't, haven't – we're not there yet. But moving out 60% of the brands in one year, that's not an indication of a company that's unwilling to embrace necessary change.
Jon R. Moeller: I'm going to take those in reverse order Chris. On the Coty transaction and the impacts, there's obviously some accounting changes that move things between continued operations and discontinued operations, but until the day that deal closes, all of the cash that those businesses generates goes into our bank account. So in terms of real economic impact next year is, all the cash is ours. And then in the following year, which is what we committed to when we had the call a couple weeks ago, we said post close there would be no dilution going forward, and that's still our plan. So that's kind of Coty. The tax rate at 24%, I think certainly the rate that we've been at is lower than we're going to have going forward just because we've been, as we've been successfully concluding RS(76:51) releasing reserves, and those are down to pretty low balances. So the 20%, I would call it 23% to 25% as being a normalized rate going forward. On Mexico and Japan, we saw a sequential improvement in Mexico, and are really getting to a point where that will be behind us. But in the quarter that had a 20 basis point impact in terms of top line growth. And then Japan obviously went the other way, and was a help to the quarter versus the year-ago softness.
Jon R. Moeller: Yeah, so a couple things here. One and I think it's important to understand the order and the sequence in what we're trying to turn this ship around. And growing before we have the right structural economics, it doesn't create any value. So we're trying very hard through the productivity program, through the work we're doing in FX-impacted markets to ensure that we have the right basis to grow from. That doesn't mean we're not seizing opportunities that exist, but we're being choiceful and we're sequencing. And then when that growth comes, it's going to be worth something. The, I guess I just, you know.
Jon R. Moeller: And I just want to make sure, one last point on this, I want to make sure we're being understood. We know the top line has to grow.
Jon R. Moeller: I've shown you charts before. We'll probably show another one at Barclays, which is the exact chart that we talk to our organization about internally, which shows that we cannot get to our OTSR objectives with only bottom line growth. We cannot get to our OTSR objectives equally without only top line growth. That's the beauty of the metric. It's a balancing metric. And so we get it.
Alan G. Lafley: John, I'd just add two quick ones. On your first direct question, I actually think the employees, management and leadership has really stepped up. I won't bore you with all the details of what it takes to operate in Russia, Ukraine, Argentina, Venezuela, even Japan, okay, and a whole host of other developing markets. But in virtually every case, we are making the right decisions and frankly building our value creation. We've switched countries like India from a significant negative profit position to making basically $100 million, okay, in two years, all right. Our Brazil economics are the best they've ever been, still not where we want them to be, but the best we've ever been. So I think the organization has won the operational play and executed pretty consistently and pretty well. We've at the same time dramatically stepped up the productivity program. And it isn't separate. It's integrated. That's the part that everybody misses, it's totally integrated productivity program. And that will run easily through the end of the decade. Third, we have dramatically invested in R&D sales. All the things we need to get back on our strategy and our game. And then the second thing I would say is, and this is hard for you to see, but I'll pick a couple of examples. Take baby, okay. Round numbers about half the value creation in the world is in the US and North America. Three years ago the category wasn't growing, okay. In two to three years we've put ourselves in a position where we are growing share and leading in share growth, okay. And we haven't even brought all of our premium taped line or our pants to market and as I said, they're coming in the next couple of years. Take fabric, well, let me stick with baby. In Europe we continued to do well on a value creation standpoint. The game has changed. It's us and private label. We're adjusting to that game. In China we've been very straight up, okay. We still have the leading brand. We're stuck in the middle of the market. We went down, the consumer went up. Both the pants and premium taped lines are shipping as we speak. I could go through category by category, but fabrics the same story. We generated $1.4 billion in PODS. We are actively adding PODS capacity and expanding around the world, $330 million in beads. We've stimulated fabric conditioner growth 7%. But on the bottom end, as Jon described, we've been getting out of cheap commodity-like bagged powders. We've been getting out of laundry bars. We've been getting out of unprofitable additives. We've gotten out of bleach. So that's what you have to look at. And I guess the third point I would make is, the last thing I want to do is chase volume and share that has no value, or very little value. I do not want to get ahead of ourselves, and slam on the accelerator and try to grow faster on the volume or share side. We've been to that movie before, okay. So we're picking our spots. We're doing first things first. We're doing it with product that consumers really prefer. And here's the other thing that's really important. Most of the moves we're making are stimulating category and market growth, and then it becomes a win for your customer, your supplier and your partner, not just for the consumer and the company. I happen to believe the obsessive focus on value creation is incredibly important and we'll get the growth when and where we can, and frankly when and where consumers choose our brands and products. And we believe it's coming. We all wish it would come faster, but it doesn't make a whole lot of sense to try to do it faster. Your last question I guess implied was should we do something more dramatic. We think the portfolio that we're moving into actually has the potential to create a lot of value. And most of those businesses we've created significant value in the past, or are beginning to create significant value again. And we wouldn't be playing there unless we thought we could do it. We've looked at all the alternatives many times, okay, and this is the best alternative for us. It's the best alternative for share owners because it creates the most potential value.
Alan G. Lafley: Where to start. I'll take a shot at the last one. Yes, competition has been pushing pricing in the two examples that you mentioned. We continue to grow our share and our value creation in baby in the US. And as I hope I pointed out clearly enough in tissue/towel, we've just very smartly picked our spots, and we're very comfortable with holding sales as long as we create more value. We still have leading brand positions in the principal categories. And the fact of the matter is we're getting more than our fair share of value creation there, and that's the way we want to keep it. Look, on the first part of your question, Olivia, it's really none of the above, okay. It's really none of the above. And I'll just mention two examples because they're significant because the competitor thing is often mentioned. We had major competitive moves in big stronghold markets for us in fabric care in the last year, okay. One competitor moved into the Arabian Peninsula where we've had a long and strong position with consumers. The other as you know moved into the US at the largest retailer. In both cases our share is at or above the level that it was before the encroachment, okay, before their introduction. And in both cases we continued to create strong value. It's more an issue of timing of the moves that we'll be making category by category and the roll-off of the non-performing or under-performing parts of the business.
Alan G. Lafley: Okay. You know, unfortunately this isn't a continuation of what we were doing and I don't want to belabor that. But we were clearly over-expanded, okay, into developing markets and even into frontier developing markets, and you know what's happened there in terms of growth slowdown, economic and political volatility and the FX issue which Jon has mentioned a couple of times is real, and will continue through the end of this calendar year, okay. But it is a change. And the second thing is, we were clearly over-extended in several categories. The most obvious one was beauty where we got into service businesses and more fashion and trend oriented businesses. That didn't turn out to be a good fit for us. So I would argue we've changed quite a bit in the last two years. And the big change has been a dramatic narrowing of the focus and choices. And the other big change has been getting back to balanced innovation and productivity that really drives value creation. We were not on a value creation building strategy. We were on a short-term volume and share building strategy. That doesn't work unless you're creating value. The other thing I would say is, like it or not, and I don't like it very much either, it takes time to change direction. Our plans as I've said before are sold out six to 12 months with our customers. As you might imagine, when you've got plant and equipment and major investment involved, it takes time to set up behind major initiatives. So all of that has had to be done. And much of it is underway. And the last two points I'll make is it's more than words that we do well when we focus on following the shopper and consumer, not the competitor, shopper and the consumer. We do well when we grow categories and markets, okay. PODS and beads and concentrated HDLs grow the fabric care market. FlexBall and Swirl grow the shave care and grooming market. Shave care and grooming market was in the doldrums, not growing very fast. It's actually grown the last six months the fastest it's grown in several years, and I could go on there. But those are the differences. And I'm not a big fan of change for change sake. I'm a big fan of running plays that work. And I think one of the big questions behind the question is, how fast can we do this? And my view, very strong view, is I'm much more interested in getting it right, okay, and making changes that really sustain value creation, and making changes that lead to sustainable and reliable growth. And that's the path we're on. And by the way in the meantime, the reason we focus so hard on operating cash flow and free cash flow, so hard on our operating margins is so we could continue to return dividends and share repurchase to share owners while we are getting this company positioned to grow on a more sustainable basis.
Alan G. Lafley: Lauren, I guess the answer is sort of yes to your series of questions. Let me try to describe it as clearly and crisply as I can. When you choose to follow the shopper, you obviously have to commit coverage and resources to growing channels, and we've done that. So we're in a much better position for example in e-commerce than we were three years ago. E-commerce is growing 30% to 40%. We're pretty competitive. There's still upside opportunities and there's more to come with subscription and auto-replenishment, okay. So yes. Follow the shopper into the channels that are growing. E-commerce is one. Drug is obviously another one. Small box discounters. I could go on. That varies by region, by country and we've made and are making that shift. The second one is dedicated to category and to retail account sales support. And I think we've talked before that we've added a significant number of dedicated sales resources. We started in the US where we're doing it category to customer. We're doing it in China where it's essentially category to channel or customer. And as we continue to gain experience and as we continue to see the results, we are prepared to make those investments, okay. And that leads to a third and incredibly important point. This is a highly executional category. And a big part of how we do day in and day out is whether our distribution's right and whether our shelf's right. And we didn't talk much about this today. We touched on it in the Olay context, so I'll return to Olay, but we've now run a series of tests in countries, more than one country around the world, several countries around the world. And we're rolling out in the US first and then in China a dramatically simplified category-based and Olay-based shelf set. And without going into all the details, it fairly significantly reduces the SKUs. It focuses on the products and boutiques that consumers want. And in every case so far, knock on wood okay, we have lifted category sales with our retail partner, which they want and Olay has benefited by lifting its sales rate and share. So we'll see. But that kind of stuff is like incredibly important. And yeah, it's blocking and tackling but we got to get back to the blocking and tackling that works. Thank you.
Alan G. Lafley: Bill, we did not pass on a single growth and value creating investment that was brought to us. You just have to look at our CapEx. We're putting hundreds of millions, billions, into new plants. We're putting up a new concentrated HDL plant in China that opens this summer. We're putting up a new plant in Brazil. We're putting up a new plant in Sub-Sahara Africa. We've been racing to add PODS capacity. We're racing to put new Infinity and Radiance capacity in because of demand for our femcare lines. Across baby diapers, hundreds of millions to convert to pants and premium taped as fast as we can. Again, I'm not going to go into the details, but in our plans in the year going forward, we have 10%, 20% and more increases in media budgets. It's hard for you to see our investments in communication and media because most of it's being funded by reallocation. We're simply shutting down the unproductive non-working dollars and we're converting it to working, and we're getting a heck of a lot more out of our digital mobile search and social programs depending on market, depending on category, depending on brand. But we've invested in sales. Every year we invest in R&D. And the good news is, knock on wood, for the most part, and R&D's a risky business, product innovation's always a risky business, but so far the teams have been delivering very high rates of products that are delivering high levels of consumer satisfaction, and as I said earlier, with a fair amount of uniqueness and differentiation. The issue is it takes some time to get them to commercialization and then get them expanding. But we haven't slowed anything down. If anything, we've accelerated a bunch of these programs by three, six, and some by as much as 12 to 18 months.
Alan G. Lafley: And I think, Dara, to the second half of your question, it's again a very simple answer. We'll change. Yeah, if it's not working, we'll change. Portfolio, we think it's 90/10, 95/5. They're never done, okay? They're never done. We will make acquisitions in the year or two ahead. We will probably have another divestiture or two in the year ahead. But we'll change. If the baby program doesn't work, we'll modify the baby program. If the fabric care program doesn't work, we'll modify the fabric care program. If we can't compete in a business after 20 years, after 5 years, after 10 years, we'll get out of the business. So I mean I think that's very straightforward.
Alan G. Lafley: Yeah and I guess on the second half of your question, Javier, the answer is yes. We tried to give you two or three examples. The family care or tissue/towel example, we were quite okay with a 100 index on net sales because we made in our view a smart decision to get out of over time, which is as fast as we can, unprofitable conventional paper businesses in Mexico and to replace that with lower sales but much more structurally attractive exports of our best products from the US into Mexico, which will be purchased by certain consumers and by certain customers and we talked about being choiceful about which initiatives we took in which sequence. And we're just not going to move until we think we have a very good chance of winning with consumers and shoppers and until we have the economics right, okay. We mentioned the laundry example because that is a big one. And while we've been charging forward on PODS, concentrated heavy duty liquids, machine wash powders, all trade up, all preferred products by consumers, all growing in most developing markets, not just developed markets. We have been pruning Tier 4 and some Tier 3 bagged commodity-like powders. We've been pruning laundry bars, as Jon said. We have gotten out of commodity bleach. We have dramatically pruned our additives portfolio and just kept the ones that we thought were strategic and profitable. So yes, that is going on. And the point we were trying to make is while Jon and I and many others have been working on the company portfolio, the business unit leadership has been working on their portfolio. Some of it has been sold off. Hair care was an example, okay. Some of it has been shut down or otherwise resolved. And that just keeps getting better.
Alan G. Lafley: Okay. Let me just say a couple of things because we may see things differently, although I want to make sure that you understand and everyone understands that we consider every option and run every analysis. First point, the company is 40% to 50% less complex and I don't think that's understood. It's just dawning on us that that's incredibly important, okay. The second thing is the time horizon, okay. Our time horizon is more consistent, more reliable, more sustainable growth and value creation and we believe that you build a foundation and you build this sort of a building block at a time. And I would argue that you just have to look at what we've been able to do with half of our program in place in North America in baby diapers, and you could, without a great leap of faith, consider that we might be able to do the same again in China where we still have the leading brand, when we bring a consumer-preferred pull-on or pant and when we bring the next generation of premium taped diapers in a market where new moms are flocking to imported Japanese premium products that we know how to compete with. The same thing in fabric care. You could conclude that we have gotten a stubborn category that wasn't growing in the US growing again. We have been able to trade new consumers into a mature category, trade them up, grow with retailers and the supply chain. You can see what we've done in Japan, okay, where we've grown significantly. And you could say yeah, it really does take 18 months to put up a brand new manufacturing plant, and we are shipping, okay, in China. And I could just go around the world. Hair care, we have totally redone the product and technology program and we've positioned ourselves to start shipping the first product. So I mean I understand the point. Just two more comments on the breakup and then impossible to manage. We reverse engineered and analyzed in detail the last decade exit from the food and beverage business. We did it internally and we did it with outside objective view. And we concluded that we generated significantly more value for shareowners in our focused and deliberate step at a time withdrawal from segments of that industry. And it was about the same size exit as the one we're going through now. I can't remember the precise number, Jon, but it was probably $6 billion or $7 billion. So we're all about optimizing value for shareowners, but it's over a longer time horizon I think than you are. And then I think the last question will always be a question, and that is can the leadership and management team manage and deliver. And we think we can. It's a new team. David and I are going to be side by side for the next several months, year or more. And we think we're to the point where a lot of this is operationalization, which is incredibly important, and just good execution, consistent and excellent every day. So I understand the point about patience and impatience. I think as Jon said earlier we're in violent agreement. We want to grow the top line as much as anybody on the call. And we just think that one step at a time, it's coming. And oh, by the way, we've got two, we got another several months of tough sweating ahead because the environment in developing markets and this whole FX thing isn't going to change. We're just trying to be realists here.
Alan G. Lafley: No. No, we won't, okay. I'd said, Joe, we're in a period where we're clearly investing, okay, and returning but replatforming of our Grooming business, which has enabled us to introduce the Venus upgrade in like six months after the male upgrade, the investments we're making in the new product innovation in fabric, the major investments we're making in new product in baby. And as Jon said, putting up the six new mixing and distribution centers in North America. And we're rolling, we'll be rolling across Europe over the next several years, finish the job in North America over the next several years and we'll move on to developing markets with getting our supply chain as effective and efficient as streamlined as possible. So I don't think you're going to see an increase. We would hope for it to level out in time, but I would say for the next one, two, three years, we're going to be investing at about the current rate in CapEx.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys. So you sound very different than I would have hoped on the call today or on CNBC this morning. There's still a lot of defiance. There's still a lot of confidence, it feels like. And look, all the frustration we're all feeling, I feel as well probably times 10. You're kind of brushing off the tough questions and maintaining this trust us, it'll turn, it'll turn. But just let me offer you a look through the lens of a shareholder, right, who you are as well. And you see what the stock price has done, and you look at organic sales growth and it's dismal and it's getting worse, and you admit that. And the cost savings are good but they seem too small and they seem like they're slowing in some cases, like the net part of it is slowing. The transaction is complex and tough and I get it, but maybe it's not as big as it should be, and you have a CEO with respect to, at least versus a lot of people's expectations of leaving a little early. You missed four or five years in a row, and it just feels like there's still this trust us and things will change because we're divesting things. But I still struggle to see what's actually going be different. I get you're going to get rid of 14% of your sales, 15% of your sales and 6% of your operating profit. But is that really it? Is that 1% incremental growth you're going to get out of getting out of those businesses, is that what we're hoping for as shareholders? And I guess how long do you want to wait? How long do you want us to wait before you do think about bigger changes? I understand that you don't want to go there now, but how long do we have to wait? And particularly on this kind of new normal of more active shareholder, I struggle with what keeps us at bay or what keeps us pleased.
Ali Dibadj: Well I think plan B, which is seriously think about breaking up the company. That's very complex, is a viable option. It sounds like you guys have looked at it and I don't understand why it hasn't worked. Because the stuff you're doing seems to make sense. All right, the stuff you're doing that we listed, cost cutting and trying to innovate more and closing price gaps where you have to and raising accountability, all these things from a classic strategic consulting thoughtful way make sense, but it's just not working. So we all are frustrated but we also feel for you because the strategy is possibly the right one. Which might suggest there's another, bigger solution here, right? Which is it's just too big to run.
Ali Dibadj: Maybe perhaps you're not even a growth company anymore and you have to think about it differently from just being growth. I mean there are other options that we don't hear being contemplated or argued against. It's just a trust us. And I think that's at least my frustration.
