Andre Schulten: Yes. Thank you, Steve. I'll start by saying that overall consumption trends remain strong globally, particularly as you said in the U.S. Markets continue to grow within our categories of daily use, health and hygiene in the range of mid singles. So from a consumption standpoint, consumer behavior continues to elevate the importance of health hygiene and a clean home. More time at home certainly is also a factor. We continue to see elevated consumption on bounty paper towels, for example, by 10%. Charmin bath tissue is still elevated, consuming about 5% with more time at home. So overall consumption trends remained strong and fuel most of the growth. We also have been able to grow share as we've outlined in our prepared remarks. Also, on a global basis, we're up 50 basis points over the past three months and 70 basis points over the past six months. So that's certainly contributing to a stronger position to benefit from that growth. In the U.S., we've reached record share of 34.4% of value share up more than a point. Inventory effects, I would tell you, certainly play a role in some geographies. Mainly in China, we saw some inventory build in the base period, which the reverse is obviously happening in this period. But in the grand scheme of things, they don't really impact our consumption trends and our shipment trends in the quarter.
Andre Schulten: Thanks, Kevin. So maybe let me start with the current outlook for commodities. The increases that we are seeing are broad-based across commodity classes. Our forecast is based on spot rates. We are assuming that the spot rates sustain. So all of our productivity programs, all of our pricing programs, all of our innovation programs are based on the assumption that current spot rates, as reflected in the current guidance, will sustain. We do not hedge commodities per se, so the position that you see here is the position as it impacts our P&L. We offset within our natural hedging position within foreign exchange rate, commodity basket and interest rates. That's the best way for us to protect against volatility and the most cost-effective way to protect against volatility. In terms of supply chain dynamics, certainly demand and supply have not balanced globally as we can see. We continue to see pressure on transportation and warehousing. We continue to see driver shortages, diesel increases. And as I mentioned before, across our commodity classes whether it's chemicals, resins, packaging, or pulp, these increases that we've seen as reflected in the current guidance reflects the existing market dynamics. So the best forecast we have is current spot, and that's what we're going to continue to operate against. We will -- as we articulated, I think before and want to reemphasize in this call as well, we will recover these costs over time. We will not sacrifice investment in the business as we do so. So strong productivity programs that are ramping up throughout the fiscal year. Pricing with innovation that we are bringing into the market if we can to improve value at the same time as we take pricing, All straight commodity pricing throughout the year will ease the margin pressures over time. But it will take time to recover the costs and we will intentionally take our time to recover the cost to protect investment in our superiority strategy, which is working well to drive our top line growth and overall balanced growth model.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. Look, we're taking pricing around the globe and it's really a decision that has taken market-by-market, category-by-category and many cases SKU by SKU, depending on the situation in the market. So broad-based statements are difficult, so let me try to maybe focus on the U.S. here as a good example, and all biggest market. We have now announced pricing in nine out of 10 categories, so very broad-based. Many of these price increases are being implemented -- have been implemented in September or are being implemented over the next, call it, 90 days. You've seen the price increases. We've announced across Baby, Feminine Care, Family Care, they are mid singles. I would expect, even though the price increases on Grooming, Skin Care have just been out and they are different by few -- about the same range. Mid-singles is about the range that I would expect, again, out on the majority of our portfolio at this point. I cannot comment on future price increases, but we'll continue to evolve as the situation evolves in terms of cost and in terms of ability to take more pricing. In terms of recovery of cost, we expect, as we said in our prepared remarks, that the margin situation and the comp situation on core EPS was sequentially improved throughout the fiscal year. We will annualize part of the commodity cost increase starting with Q3. Most of the pricing will also take effect and actually flow through to the bottom line as of Q3. And our productivity programs will significantly ramp up throughout the fiscal year. All of that said, hard to predict exactly what we're going to lend about sequential progress. It's certainly what we are striving for. Most important point, as I said before, we will not reduce investment in the business. We continue to drive marketing spend, we continue to drive investment and superiority to sustain our balanced growth strategy for the mid and long term. Very early to read anything in terms of price elasticity. I will tell you for those price increases that have gone into the market in the U.S., most of them became effective middle of September and we have not seen any material reaction from consumers in terms of volume offtake. So that makes us feel good about our relative position. And obviously, we feel that we should be in a favorable position given the strength of our portfolio. We're going into this pricing round with 75% of our portfolio truly superior. Probably 80% by the time multi-piece pricing thesis hit. And that should give us a relatively strong position with consumers to deliver value in their mind even as we take pricing.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Thanks, Lauren. We are certainly not immune to the stress that is put on the supply chains globally. And we are very thankful to our supply chain teams who have done a tremendous job in developing business continuity plans and executing against those business continuity plans over the past 18 months, 24 months, as supply-chains were stressed throughout the COVID pandemic. The strength of our supply chains is mainly driven by the flexibility that we can create within those supply chains. So strong supplier partnerships around the globe allow us to shift sourcing if we need to from one supplier to another either because of supply not being available or freight lanes not being available to get materials from point A to B. It also allows us to optimize costs to a degree. And we've been doing that over the past few months and we'll continue to do so. We have an ability to reformulate some of our products which we're doing actively without impacting the superiority of the product or any noticeable impact to the consumer. And that gives us flexibility to adjust again to material availability or cost. We also have an organization that looks around the corner, anticipates potential bottlenecks, and then chooses to build inventory. It's either on materials and intermediates or unfinished products to then be able to withdraw from those inventories on a global basis. So it doesn't mean that we build inventory in the same region where we consume, but we have the ability to do that on a global basis. So in that sense, the global footprint is an advantage to us. As I said, we're not immune to any impact here. But if history is any indication of the future, we feel relatively well-positioned because of the strength of our organization here. Of course, if there are any major disruptions to supply chains, we would be exposed just like everyone else. In terms of energy availability, we'll acknowledge that we've obviously been part of some of those curtailments that we've seen in China, for example. But they've not had a material effect of our supply chains. Again, when you think about our ability to potentially source from other regions for a period of time, most of our factories are able to run formula carts and run products for other regions, which gives us flexibility on our footprint to overcome short-term challenges.
Andre Schulten: Thanks, Nik. On the materials question, look I think the -- both the run-up and cost is very broad-based across all material classes, and that's the indication of demand to supply situation. It's really different week-by-week. I wouldn't point to any specific material that is structurally more exposed than another. It is really is across the input basket. And again, the dynamics I was describing within all supply chain is how we're dealing with it. And the change is really period by period. On the overall costs trade-off versus strategy. I will start and then I'm sure Jon has a lot to add here. I would say that sticking to our strategy is core and the commitment is relentless. We have over many periods tried to do it in a different way and that is not a good outcome. So our ability to continue to invest in superiority, drive innovation, grow markets, and thereby build our share and improve our retailer's business is core to the business model of balanced growth. Balanced growth across the top-line with moderate margin expansion to drive the bottom line and cash productivity, is the only way forward for the industry and is the way forward for P&G. We will continue to be on this task even if in the short-term and mid-term, that means margin pressure will continue to rise. We would do everything possible within our P&L within the balance sheet to optimize for productivity. And we continue to have significant opportunities in productivity that do not impact our ability to run the business model. When you think about our marketing spend, we estimate there's still significant opportunity to optimize in the ability to reach consumers more broadly and more effectively at significantly lower cost as our digital reach increases. We have significant opportunities still in our supply chain to optimize, leverage the digitization we've been investing in in our supply chain over the past years, better synchronize demand from suppliers all the way to retail partners, and there's certainly still opportunities within our overhead structure where we can optimize work processes, leverage innovation, leverage automation to focus employees on higher order tasks. So, Jon, I'm sure you have a point of view here.
Andre Schulten: Okay. There's a lot in there. So let me start with China. We continue to believe that China is a very attractive and important growth market for us. As we said, quarter 1 was flat in terms of organic sales growth, but on a two-year stack basis we are up 12%, which is ahead of the market. We would have expected some quarter-to-quarter volatility due to base period dynamics and also some continued effects of COVID shutdowns on a regional level. Overall, we feel well-positioned with our portfolio within China and expect the market to return to mid-single-digit growth going forward. Again, we take some comfort in that retail sales coming up to above 4% again in the past quarter. On beauty specifically, we've seen all strongest results in healthcare in fiscal '21, '22 in China with strong top-line growth and strong bottom-line growth. SK-II sales were flat in China for the quarter, but again, on a 13% increase last fiscal year. We see travel retail coming up in SK-II, so that also needs to be considered as we think about the total market of SK-II consumption. Certainly a slowdown in the market in the first quarter, and specifically, as you point out, on Skin Care and in the beauty sector. Overall, we feel still confident in our ability to win in the market and in the market's ability to sustain that single-digit market growth.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. Sorry. On the pricing side, the reason why we're not seeing the pricing come through at this point in time is a couple of dynamics. Number 1, most of the pricing went into effect in September. So you only have less than a month really of pricing in the first quarter. We're also annualizing the base period where we had to lower promotion in the market as you recall. We are now seeing the normalization of commotion levels back to around 30% volumes sold on deal. So that's certainly offsetting some of the pricing that you otherwise would see flow through. I -- we certainly expect pricing to become a bigger part of the top-line and the bottom-line construct going forward as the pricing again materializes in the markets. And as we said before, we are not lagging pricing, we are driving pricing by category, ideally in line with innovation to ensure that we have the best possible value creation for consumers. We're executing SKU by SKU, market-by-market in what is right for that market in that particular scenario, and that's driving the pricing. And we expect pricing to be a net positive to the top-line and to the share position.
Andre Schulten: So e-commerce grows at a global level, continues to be very strong. We're up 16% in our e-comm business at a global level, that's a 66% two-year stack. Our e-comm business represents at this point in time about 14% of our total sales. And that's really across all e-comm channels. So it's not just pure plays. It's specifically in the U.S. is obviously pure play. But many of our omni partners, so when you think about target.com, walmart.com, etc, where you have fulfillment from store -- pick -up at store, play a significant role in that growth trajectory. The business in the U.S., specifically, we see about 11% growth in our e-com business. So again, continued strong momentum across all of these formats. We are well-positioned in e-comm for multiple reasons. As we explained before, we believe that a focus on strong brands as driven by COVID is benefiting us, specifically also in an e-com environment where we show up and search on the first page. And we are generally able to explain our benefits, our superiority, via more detailed e-content than we would be at a shelf for example. We have strong relationships with our partners as it comes to developing propositions and ensuring that our positions are fit for use in either e-comm channels or omni -channels. And when you think about an omni -environment, being the leading brand, generally results in more shelf space, more inventory on the shelf. So as consumers order, we can make sure that we are in-stock. That as we're being picked up, we have product on shelf and therefore can be found and can be fulfilled in-store. So generally, e-com, we believe, plays to our strengths and we can support our e-com business with strong marketing and brand building to sustain that level of growth.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. As you've seen in this quarter, we continue to invest in line with our all-in growth. So our marketing spend, our ad spend is up a $130 million and that's what you should expect going forward. So as long as we can create a good return of investment with our incremental spend, we will continue to do so. At the same time, as I mentioned before, there's still significant opportunity to increase the efficiency of our marketing spend. So as we increase digital reach, as we are getting better at targeting, we can both increase reach and quality of reach and therefore offset some of that incremental investment by pure efficiency within the marketing spend. In terms of promotional dynamics, as I mentioned, we are -- the market is coming back up to more normal levels. Pre-COVID period promotion volumes were running at about 33%. Currently, we're back up about 30%. So we expect it to remain around that level.
Andre Schulten: On the first part of the question on China Beauty, we certainly saw some decrease in market size in the earlier part of the quarter. Sequentially, we see that recovering. We also expect, as I mentioned before, a return to mid-single digit growth across categories, so really not much more to add there. From a marketing efficiency standpoint, I think you'll see a combination of both. We -- as I said, I think we'll continue to drive efficiency as we bring more media spend into our optimized targeting pool as we increase the percentage of digital media around the world, as we continue to optimize our own algorithms to target messaging to consumers. There continues to be significant opportunity. And you'll see a combination of reinvestment in marketing programs and flowing those productivity effect into the P&L to offset some of the cost pressures. And it'll vary quarter-by-quarter depending on the situation.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. Okay. So I think the strength of consumption, our categories is really driven by the choice of categories that we operate in. We've chosen to be not in discretionary, but in daily use essential categories for the consumer. Again, health, hygiene focused and the clean home. The consumer continues to elevate the importance of these jobs coming out of COVID, as we've seen in COVID. And I think that continues to drive the importance of these categories and our ability to win in these categories because consumers return or turn to trusted brands because they know that they can deliver on the promise and the job to be done. We see that in our share results. And as Jon mentioned, we see it in the reverse share results of private label, for example, declining both in the U.S. and Europe overtime. We also benefit, and the consumer spending shows it, from more time at home, which we believe is an ongoing phenomena. More time at home means more meals at home, more dishwashing at home, more laundry at home. And again, those elements benefit our brands and our categories in terms of growth. We will continue to focus on superiority, as we said before, to ensure that we have the strongest solutions for our consumers at any price point, at any price ladder. But really, we benefit, I think, from overall more time at home and an elevated focus on all categories. On the organic price mix and guidance, you're right and we're expecting pricing to become a bigger part of the top line construct, as we said, throughout the year. We are one quarter in. There's a lot of volatility in the market and so we believe that it's prudent to maintain the guidance range of 2% to 4% on the top-line. But as we said in our prepared remarks, Quarter 1 results give us confidence to the upper half of that guidance range.
Andre Schulten: Yeah, thank you. On organic sales guidance, as we said, I think the supply chain pressures that we see today and our ability to deal with those pressures, as we have been over the past 18 to 24 months, is anticipated to continue in the organic sales guidance that we've given. And any unforeseen major disruptions, obviously, we will have to reassess and see where we are. But we feel good about our ability to deal with the ongoing supply chain pressures, and that's reflected in the organic sales guidance. Look, I think the story behind Fabric Care is really bringing to live the strategy. This is a category where performance drives brand choice, where daily use is essential to the consumer and performance is very visible. And the category has done a phenomenal job in driving superiority with new forms, or by creating new jobs to be done that are relevant for the consumer. If you think about single unit dose, for example, very superior proposition, very insightful in -- very intuitive to the consumer in terms of use. A premiumization of the category in trading up dollars per wash with superior cleaning properties. And penetration outside of the U.S. still is a significant growth opportunity. In Germany and Canada, we're only at 20% wholesale penetration on single unit bills and in Japan, we're only at 11%. So there continues to be significant runway with a truly superior product form. We also, in Fabric Care, have done -- the team has done a phenomenal job in looking into fast-growing new segments. When you think about fabric enhancers, 14% growth in the quarter. Bits for example, right now is a billion-dollar brand and continues to grow significantly. Wholesale penetration in the U.S. on bits only 20%, low penetration only about 30%. There continues to be significant runway with superior innovation and superior products. We continue to drive that and that's what you see in the results.
Andre Schulten: I think that concludes the call. Again, thank you for joining us. And again, if you have any questions, John Chevalier or I are available all day. So if you want to give us a call, please feel free to. And thanks again for joining us for our quarter one call. Have a great day.
Jon Moeller: Let me just build on Andre's comments with a couple big picture thoughts. Given the inflationary cycle that we're in, how do you want to be positioned? You want to have -- first of all, being in categories that are daily use that are focused -- where performance drives brand choice is a good place to be. Consumers through the pandemic have shifted their consumption in those categories towards trusted performing brands. And you see that even in what's happening with private label market shares, as an example, down in the U.S. over the past 3 months, down in Europe over the same periods of time. None of that is a guarantee for the future but you start in a very good position with a strong superiority profile as Andre has said, and a strong innovation program and investment program to continue that work. Number 2, you want to be dependable. And just one more thing to add to number 1, this is essentially part and parcel of our business model. Sometimes the reaction is -- this -- with this pricing is a new dynamic. Pricing has been a positive contributor to our top line for 44 out of 47 for the last quarters, and 16 of the last 17 years. Again, no guarantee for the future but we start with a business model that fundamentally supports pricing in a way that is value accretive to consumers. Second, you want to be in a position to minimize the need for pricing through productivity. We're in a better position on that regard than we've ever been. This organization has done a tremendous job, reducing costs and we'll continue to do so. We want to be in a position where you have product available at different price points to appeal to consumers for whom price is a bigger part of their personal value equation. We're in much better position there than we were in the last cycle. So again, none of that is any guarantee for the future, but all of that positions us much better than we've been historically.
Jon Moeller: One other dynamic that feeds into this is the confidence of our suppliers in our business, both in terms of our business momentum. So if they need to make investments to increase their capacity and material availability, the momentum of our business factors directly into that decision. Second and related, the increments of capacity that we can offtake to generate economics at the supplier level that make investments viable. If we were just adding to demand on the margin, it would be a very different equation. So we become a very attractive customer for our suppliers because of both the size and importantly, the momentum of our business.
Jon Moeller: I might. Just a couple of pieces of perspective. First, this is a time to step forward, not back. Second, Andre in his repaired -- prepared remarks, articulated again the three priorities and the integrated set of strategies. Nowhere in there, at least to my ears, is pulling back on investment. The third and last piece of perspective I'd offer, the productivity muscle that we've built, ad Andre was just describing the opportunities that remain there which are significant, will or should build margin over time. If we look at the last 12 years, our operating margin on an all-in basis has increased 320 basis point from 20.4% to 23.6% last year. On a constant currency basis, that's an increase of a 1020 basis points. So the game here is stay on course, continue to drive productivity to fuel investment and superiority in daily use categories where performance drives brand choice. We do all of that over time. As Andre said, that is the recipe for balanced growth, growing the topline and the bottom line. We were in an environment where there will be volatility across quarters. That's not our concern. We're concerned about the execution of the holistic strategy and the value that, that creates over time.
Jon Moeller: If I reflect just back on last fiscal year with enterprise markets grew top line of 5%, build share grew bottom line ahead of the rest of the Company at 11%. We executed -- sorry. We exited the year with only one of those 80 plus markets losing money and that was Argentina, where we have a plan to address that overtime this Fiscal year. So we're on a very good position in enterprise markets. If we look at the quarter we just completed, focus markets grew 4%, enterprise markets grew 5%. Having said all of that, part of a responsible answer has to address the volatility that exists in these markets from a geopolitical standpoint and unfortunately from a health and COVID standpoint. So it's not a straight line in all likelihood from here to there but we're much, much better positioned and I'll give all the credit to the teams on the ground and these markets who are operating in very difficult, but as you rightly indicate, promising environments.
Jon Moeller: And it might seem kind of an odd dynamic. But the more efficient and effective we can make our marketing spend be, and as Andre indicated just now, there's lots of opportunity to continue to do that, the more attractive it comes -- becomes to make those investments. So maybe what -- well, in somewhat of an odd way, efficiency breeds effectiveness, effectiveness breeds spending. And that all drives the market and the business.
Jon Moeller: I would just make one additional comment which relates to the consumer and their behavior in these categories. Again, daily use where performance drives brand choice, often providing a health, hygiene or clean home benefit. And let me just give you an example of what's possible. One of our more recent innovations in Oral Care, for example, the iO power brush premium priced product. we have -- since the introduction of that about a year ago, we've built over 2 points of share, which has come by driving the market. The market is up 14%, over that period of time we've driven over 50% of that. So what you see is a consumer who is responsive to performance-based innovation. We can utilize that responsiveness to grow markets in a constructive way, which as Andre has mentioned many times, is beneficial to our retail partners and is constructive from market dynamics standpoint. So there are many categories where through performance-based innovation, we can provide more delight through regimen solutions. We can provide more delight -- the consumer generally is responsive to performance in these categories. And consumption is expandable.
Jon Moeller: Latin America, I'll speak to that just because it's a business I've been supporting over the last period of time here, overall continues to deliver very solid growth. And that's broad based. In the last quarter, Mexico up, I think about 8%. Argentina -- sorry, Brazil up double-digits. And now, Latin America comes with its inherent challenges. And one of those currently is a -- is the health challenge that exists in many markets which you I'm sure are familiar with. But generally, consumption is strong and our business is very strong in Latin America.
