Sumeet Vohra: Thank you, Jon. I am going to focus my remarks on the mainland China. China is the biggest Hair Care market in the world with retail sales of $8 billion. P&G is the market leader in China by a distance. We're nearly three times as big as the number two player and four of the top five hair care brands are from P&G. The Hair Care market is growing mid-single-digits. P&G's portfolio of brands, strong brand equities, our technologies, favorable cost structure and innovation program puts us in a strong position to create value in China Hair Care.
Sumeet Vohra: Yeah, I agree with that observation. These organization changes and the priority from the global category have made a big difference to our business. Category dedication is helping Hair Care expertise in our sales teams and partner more effectively with our retail partners. With sufficient resources in China, decisions are being made closer to the ground and hence the quality of decisions and speed has improved. One example of speed, we finalize the packaging design for Rejoice Micro-Silicone water in mid-December and we shift in May that is within 18 weeks. These intervention are helping us deliver sequential improvement in Hair Care sales and market share.
Sumeet Vohra: Innovation in Hair Care is key to delighting consumers, keeping our brands relevant and growing the category. As you know, our recent premium price innovation such as Rejoice Water, Pantene Three Minute Miracle, Pantene Hair Energy Water and Head & Shoulders Supreme are great examples of this. These are very good products and consumers and customers are happy with them. We are also innovating and marketing in media. Our recent break the rules program on Vera Sweeney [ph] has helped us grow very nicely. Our innovation program together with the go-to-market interventions has helped grow China Hair Care business 2% in fiscal 2017 and 5% the quarter just concluded. Our market share trends are improving and we grew offline retail share in the last reported period.
Sumeet Vohra: We have a strong portfolio brands that take us to the most important needs in the category. We are bringing it in the simple products, packages and innovations to the market. We have now gone end-to-end and have sufficient resources on the ground were empower to make decisions. We have significantly increased speak to market and are now working to bring innovations from idea to market in less than six months. And we have attractive market structure. These intervention set us up as a thought leader in the industry and in a very strong position in China Hair Care.
Sumeet Vohra: And from Hair Care line what I'm seeing is that the consumer is really attracted to a lot of the premium proposition in Hair Care and they're also buying the bucket size is bigger than they tend to buy more items like shampoos, conditioners and treatments. And what we're saying is that they're also really responsive to the innovation that we are bringing. So combination of the hunger for the consumer to shop for multiple items and the innovation that we're bringing is really helping us build business e-com space in China.
Sumeet Vohra: So in terms of the percentage of business that is premium e-com tends to be significantly higher. So in fact some of the new premium brands that we have launched or the proposition that we've launched, they tend to sell a lot more on e-com and consumers tend to drive them a lot faster than we see in offline.
Matthew Price: Thank you, Jon. To execute the turnaround, we needed to bring more premium innovation and better cover the growing channels. All of the categories have built premium innovation in the last six months. Also we are strengthening our coverage of key channels including dedicated coverage of baby and cosmetic stores. Hence I am pleased report, we grew sales 8% this quarter which puts us on track to deliver mid-single digit for the fiscal year. This is in line with market growth. You asked me about key challenges. I think one is to deal with what we call here moving China speed. We believe with the end-to-end organization decision making with a GBUs having more decision making on the ground and they are scaled organization will increasingly well set up to achieve this.
Matthew Price: My policy is to amplify the innovation and brand plans that the GBUs developed and enable them to benefit from our scale. I'd like to give you some examples. Innovation, as you know China has very distinct channels such as ecommerce, cosmetics stores, hyper stores, baby stores and multiple small store formats. The SMO make sure that the plan are tailored by channel and can be executed with excellence. Media is one of the largest advertisers in China, therefore it makes perfect sense to use our corporate scale to create winning partnerships with all media companies. Sumeet has plans that have mass market TV bias and other brands that require much more targeting and are more digital. The SMO ensures he gets the best deal but the performance can be measured and we provide a menu of media options. Customer Support. At buyer level, as we've already discussed, we have category focused through the end-to-end dealing with the buy direct. But customers and us want joint business plans and strategic partnerships at corporate level that build value for both sides. The SMO leads us. Distributor management, a very large part of our business goes through distributors to small stores. Our scale enables us to have industry leading distribution. We ensure our programs of appropriate and sequence to enable each brand to maximize in-store presence and trial. It also enables us to have industry beating receivables. Logistics, China is big, we have over 1,000 ship to locations. To deliver industry leading logistics costs and customer service, we deliver on a multi category basis which is what our customers want. Our logistics operation is a cost to be used scale play again run by the SMO. Government Relations, it's critical in China maintaining and building national and provincial government relations to ensure strong support the GBUs to pursue their business. Organization, building a winning organization to the GBUs and SMO have a strong talent supply, again led by the SMO. Lastly, digital. We're building corporate digital capabilities that are critical for the GBUs to develop consumer, shopper and business insides. So the data is managed by the SMO, because this is clearly a scale play. These are just some examples of how the SMO and GBU end-to-end model work. So we're pleased to see the results coming through with 8% growth this quarter.
Matthew Price: So we are developing suppliers who gather install data digitally to provide insight for ourselves, people and track our progress but also having digitized media tracking so we can measure reach across platforms and multiple devices. We work with key digital player such as Tencent, Bitauto Weibo , Alibaba, Jingdong and the omnichannels. We are building big data analytics that enabled targeted and measurable marketing. We are using digital tools to increase insurance and complaints. All of this leads to better consumer insights but shopper insights and better business understanding to the business units.
Matthew Price: Okay. So we launched in August. We are going to share in the premium tier which we launched ichiban. And as Jon also mentioned, we grew pants share as well from being number five two years ago. So we - as I have to with the progress, we're also seeing that the ratings and reviews are relying with competition, we believe it is on track.
Matthew Price: We've seen actually our total assumption up pick picked up a little bit and we just thought our latest hyper share which shares to the first time in building total shares. So very early days but looks like the assumption is picking up and we believe from all the consumer ratings and reviews that we have a win on our hand, we also are betting big on pants where we have made great progress from number five as number one that we really drive the big growth in time both on high and mid-tier.
Jasmine Xu: Thank you, John. I lead the Chinese e-com company business which is the fastest growing channel with more than $1 billion itself. Our team has two missions, grow online penetration for each category. We have marketing and sales team dedicated for each category who report to the regional business units. At the same time, we create skilled capability as competitive advantage such as big data, ecommerce supply chain and media targeting capability. These scale capabilities actually enable each of the category to grow their brands.
Jasmine Xu: I will summarize e-com challenges in two ways, one is speed of change, innovations and changes happen at a faster pace online. The second one is really trading up, 45% of the China e-com market in our relevant categories are already in premium tiers. This challenges actually are equally opportunity for P&G. We've focused on a few things. Operating our marketing model to be more digitally driven and socially focused. We walk with e-com player to leverage big data to reach the relevant shopper where they are ready to buy. We also fully leverage the drop of order to win. More than half of our online business is premium tiers and new forms. Our fastest growing brands, our premium brands such as SK-II, power toothbrushes with infinity. We build a strong team. The local e-com team have deep insights and with the end-to-end structure that enables faster decision making. Our skilled capability creates a match competitive advantage. Co-instance we have medium problematic media capability, I know company do a lot of e-market app to make sure that we stay ahead.
Jasmine Xu: First of all Jon, our team is full of passionate Chinese Millennials and in fact 80% of my team is Millennials. From shopper standpoint, the average profile of P&G online shopper is 28 year old female, living in one of the top cities in China. Over the last two years, our online shopper profile has got younger. To delight Millennials, we're doing more authentic storytelling instead of traditional advertising. We understand Millennials prefer a more personalized experience. For examples consumers combine all of the power brush which come with their names and horoscope printed on the handle. We launch technology innovations such as virtual reality and automotive reality to invite consumer to interact with their favorite brand ambassadors.
Jasmine Xu: Yeah, we very much look forward to another successful Double 11. We were leverage dispute window to create trial on our latest and best innovations. We work with customers to accelerate kind of a growth. Our logistic network supply chain and online consultant teams are fully ready to buy provide consumers a delightful Double 11 experience and I'm also ready to buy a lot by myself.
Jasmine Xu: Sure, for Chinese e-com business we actually have more than 60% of the business in a premium tiers and new forms is driven by few factors, the first one is we certainly amplify already pretty innovations brought by the categories and to support our innovations, we also try to adopt a new business model which is much more digital focused. And also leverage the social comment to what amount to make sure that would drive authentic storytelling among the premium users. We also use big data to make sure that we understand the shopper inside out and target them at the time that where when they are willing to buy our products. So end-to-end from product innovation or the way about how we drive marketing as social with excellent online was what one of the key drivers why our premium business portion is much bigger online compared to other places maybe.
Jasmine Xu: Yeah actually e-com is very much good to skin care, the beauty care as well the high-end of the personal care including razors, power brush as a premium care brands et cetera. So it is a very much beauty and high-end product.
Jon Moeller: Thank you each for your perspective. What I've experienced in the last three days working with you in China has a ton of energy, a passionate organization that is moving much more quickly and effectively to delight an increasingly premium and increasingly digital consumer at his or her speed enabled by an end-to-end category structure, working with an SMO that's building world class platforms and capabilities. I felt in the last week the same palpable excitement I felt back in 1996 when we were just embarking on this journey and my expectations are accordingly high. Hopefully, this brief discussion has been insightful for investors. I'm going to wrap up and then we'll head to Q&A. Our results of the first quarter were in line with our expectations and keep us fully on track for the fiscal year. We continue to make progress, growing market share and more businesses and narrowing share gaps and many others. We're showing strong progress in China which as I've said is a very important market for P&G. There are sure to be speed bumps and even a few hairpin turns ahead but our new operating approach end-to-end and freedom within a framework will enable us to be more agile as we navigate through these challenges. Productivity gains will provide fuel for investment and the ability to offset negative surprises just as we saw in the last quarter and grow margin as the year progresses. Before we begin the Q&A portion of the call, I'd like to remind you that the purpose of today's call is to provide perspective on the business. At this point, we have no further comments regarding the pending certification of the proxy contest results. And with that, we are happy to take your questions.
Jon Moeller: Great. In terms of the U.S. innovation, it's generally working. As I think you know the first part of that is brought to market is pricing with product and communication to follow across the price tiers. In the - though the last six months, we have the highest volume shipment we've had in 11 years. And if we look at the most recent share period, past one month share was up 1.4 points in terms of volume which is the first share growth in two and half years. So again it's early, this is the business with a long purchase cycle and we're still bringing the balance of the program to market but generally that is operating as we expected it would. The pricing reduction as you know is averaged about 12%, so the impact on total segment organic sales is not insignificant. There was another big impact in the quarter and grooming which was the margin of Brazil. And there, there is we are going through a pricing cycle and we're experiencing the inventory dynamics that typically come with that cycle. If you take out North American and Brazil, you get the positive growth on the balance of the segment globally. And I apologize Lauren, I think you asked another part of the question but maybe someone else remind me, I forgot that, but that's essentially how the growing business are shacking up.
Jon Moeller: So we're still expecting that the majority of EPS growth for the year is driven by operating and earnings growth as I said in the prepared remarks. And we are right, where we expected to be in terms of that progression. The quarter was a little bit more challenging, as I also indicated in the prepared remarks than we would have expected going in with the run up of commodity cost and the impact of the natural disasters. Things like very expensive fright laying and shipping laying in many of the impacted geographies. Also as you know the productivity savings will build as we grow through the fiscal year and will also began annualizing the significant investment associated with the pricing reductions in July.
Jon Moeller: Sure, Kevin. So in the quarter, if we just split developed and developing markets from a market standpoint, growth was about half a point in developed market and about 5 points in developing markets. So if you look at that sequentially, it's really an aggregate continued mid-singles digit level of growth in developing where the slowdown has been undeveloped and that is primarily the U.S. And in terms of how that shapes our view the range of 2% to 3%, we as you know we're maintaining that range, I mean obviously the rate of market growth through the balance of the year will have an impact on where we end up within that range, but we're shooting as much as we can get.
Jon Moeller: We probably see this slightly differently, let me just step back, I kind of walk you through how I see it. As you know, we'd rather spend a dollar on innovation or equity every day the week before we spend money on promotion. We need to be competitive on promotion, but it's not our desired, not high on our list of priorities in terms of spend. And the reason is very simple is because there is nothing proprietary and promotion whereas we can build proprietary advantage with those innovation and equity investments. If you look at the quarter, price including - inclusive of promotion had no impact to top line growth, it was neutral. And if you over the - pricing has been neutral to positive for 28 consecutive quarters for 13 consecutive years again backing up my statement that's not typically the first card that we like to play. If I look at the U.S. P&G percentage of dollars sold on promotion was essentially flat, it was 101 index versus a year ago. It's obviously difference by category but again not indicative of a strategy that involves heavy promotion increases. What is happening and what's very confusing is that retailers particularly in the U.S. are choosing to make investments in price as they compete with each other. And that shows up in the scanner data as a promotion but it's not one that's been funded by the manufacture and that case has been funded by the retailer. And with generally category leading brands and the strategy being to drive shoppers into store on the part of the retailer, our brands often disproportionately benefit in quotes from those kinds of investments. So long winded but generally I don't see a significant changes in promotion, going forward, we would rather spend money on innovation and equity building, but we do need to be and will be competitive in the promotion arena. I hope that helps and happy to talk more about it later.
Jon Moeller: Yeah, so we're generally answering one question here, so I am going to talk what I think is probably the most one which is diapers and turn that over to Matthew Price and ask him to provide some perspective.
Jon Moeller: And from a commodity standpoint, I mentioned the increases versus are going to forecasts are primarily due to increases on Petra complex coming out of the Gulf as a result of the hurricanes.
Jon Moeller: Look, as we look at China, I wouldn't necessarily agree with the statement that SK-II drove all the growth that certainly was very growth fall at 40%. But as I mentioned earlier, Olay grew in the mid-teens, Feminine Care business grew in the mid-teens, Oral Care grew 7%, Hair Care as Sumeet mentioned grew 5%. So the breath of growth in China extends well beyond SK-II. As I mentioned six or seven categories grew sales in the quarter and we expect that to be seven of seven over the course of the fiscal year. Beauty in general is doing very well. SK-II is part of that success but it's much broader than that. Beauty on a global basis delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of organic sales growth. We're seeing good growth in the Hair Care portion of the business as well as in the Skin and Personal Care side of the business that's actually a bright point for us at the moment.
Jon Moeller: I will be happy to comment on the messages that I've heard. I obviously won't speak for others who aren't in the room. It's been a great opportunity to engage with investors both at the management level and the board level as you indicated. Clearly, what's been driven home to me is the passion that our investors have both large and small and that's a great asset and their interest in the company. And their ideas relative to, its success are also an incredible asset. I received very strong support for the plan that we've embarked on with the clear desire to see it sooner. So clear the message to me is be even more deliberate, more quick and making the changes that we've been talking about. And certainly as I've been here in China this week, I see the team doing the same. And I would say the third thing is a desire that is broadly expressed to increase the connection between the investor base, the management team and the board and make sure that we are fully benefiting from perspective that they have. So those are my three takeaways. Again I think that it's been a very useful and beneficial experience.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Jason. In terms of let me just start with the market growth. And the simple answer isn't very fulfilling which is that I really - we've been unable to put our finger on why this has been. If we look at consumption for instance from our household panel data, there really is no change in consumption level across categories with one exception which is grooming which is driven by the style preference. If we look at trade up or trade down within the market which also could have an impact on the dollar growth rate, we also see very little chance. Over the last three years, private label as one measure of this shares are essentially flat in the U.S., they are also essentially flat in Europe. There's been some uptick in the last quarter call it 30 basis points of share. It's concentrated in two categories though, it's not broad based; those two categories are tissue towel and grooming. In tissue towel, we're building share so that isn't impact in our business. We are familiar with the some of the private label launches in the grooming segment, but there's nothing there that really explains the broad category slowdown. I've heard theories none of which I can really get comfortable with that attempt to explain the slowdown, one is that post the election the Hispanic consumer has withdrawn more from the market and is concerned about, is both concerned about their future and sending more money home and as a result is spending less. But as we look across the data that we can see across cities and geography is that have higher percent of Hispanic consumers there isn't a difference in market growth in those areas versus others. The other theory that's been positive is that consumers are spending an increasing portion of their wallet on services. Healthcare, entertainment, data and mobile phone and therefore are spending less on stables, which doesn't make sense to me either because I mean I don't get it. I want a cell phones so I am not going to wash my hair, it doesn't make a lot of sense to me. So unfortunately, as I said my answer would be somewhat frustrating there, we're still searching. In terms of the retail dynamic, it's not across all categories, it's in a few categories, there is probably most pronounced in the baby care category because of the value of that shopper, the perceived value of that shopper to either Amazon, Wal-Mart, Target, Costco you name it. And what we're trying to do to prevent the outcome that you describe is to help retailers with differentiated offerings for their shoppers, so that there's less direct comparison in that therefore less need to compete on that basis. But this is obviously something that is a challenge and does affect the market numbers as I said earlier. But we're making good progress and avoiding the negative impacts of that as I mentioned price continues to be neutral as a contributor to top line.
Jon Moeller: And relative to the question on, is there reapplication potential here, I think definitely the answer is yes. There's a lot of what I've seen here and previously what Matthew was talking about earlier some of the digital capability has clear, replication potential, our experiences with marketing and moving more to a pole versus a push model is certainly has reallocation. There's a lot of exciting learning here that we will be replying globally.
Jon Moeller: Whereas for example going back to my comments, if you look at the U.S. market it tends to be over developed and products that are bulky, so diapers, paper towels, liquid detergent are tend to be overdeveloped, but it's very different by market. And our strategy is to be fully relevant in any channel that a consumer wants to shop and therefore be well positioned to when regardless of the habits within an individual market.
Jon Moeller: That's a very good question. As you know in our first productivity program, we were able to exceed and accelerate the cost savings significantly versus our going in assumption. That's going to be less easy to do this time because more the savings are coming from very capital intensive redesign of our supply chain. But still there's work we're working to do there, we had a leadership team discussion on that just this week on how we can accelerate some of the productivity savings and we'll work to do that, will update you as we have more perspective. Also I think there's a strong desire on the part of both the management team and the organization itself to continue advancing some of the changes that we've made in the organization structure and beginning to think as we actively all hear talk this week about if you will version 2.0 and what are the next steps in that in that journey. So I think there's a lot we can do when Sumeet was talking about accelerating the pace to market with innovation as a result of the new organization structure, I think that's something we also have a massive opportunity to be more deliberate about faster time to market, but also faster globalization of great ideas and smart ideas which has historically taken us some time. So we're going - and look there's nobody who wants this, nobody wants the results faster and better than us and I know the team here, so we'll be working hard on that.
Jon Moeller: Listen thank you everybody. I hope our experiment here was useful to you. If you have any feedback I'd love to get it both positive and negative. And I know I speak for the China team what I say that we really appreciate the opportunity to engage with you. So thank you very much.
