Jon Moeller: First of all, China, volume market share was essentially flat in the quarter. We did lose a little bit of ground on value share, though that continued to build sequentially, has continued to build over the past 12, 6, 3 months. So we’re reasonably comfortable about our position there. We’ve got a very strong innovation program coming in the back half of the year and expect China to continue to be a significant source of growth for us. On [influx], this is something we actually talked about at CAGNY. It’s a disruptive proprietary breakthrough in the packaging area, and when rolled out across our businesses, it should deliver about $150 million in cost savings per year and will allow us to avoid about $50 million in capital expenditures annually. It will also bring significant sustainability benefits. It could reduce resin usage by over 100 million pounds per year and eliminate energy usage by over 250 million kilowatt hours. And finally, we’re hopeful that this breakthrough will allow us to reduce our time to market for package development by up to 50%. So it is something that we’re excited about and should benefit from.
Jon Moeller: You’re absolutely right on the dynamic on foreign exchange and the divergence between the top and bottom line impact. That disparity is primarily driven by very large currency moves in countries that have a significant dollar and euro denominated cost structure for imported materials and finished product. Just for perspective, Japan and Venezuela, which both fall into that category, account for more than 40% of the FX-related profit hurt on the quarter. And you’re also right that as we’re able to localize more of the manufacturing, not only will we save a significant amount of money, but we’ll in essence be operationally hedged more on the bottom line. Timeline, we’re bringing on a number of new facilities currently, as reflected in the startup cost figures that we’ve been discussing for the past couple of quarters. I would look at that to yield benefits more in our next fiscal year.
Jon Moeller: First, on U.S. growth rate, organic sales was about 2%, and that’s also consistent with the total developed markets growth rate, which was low singles. Developed markets grew about 8%. On pricing, let me say a couple of things. First, relative to history, including the last quarter, if you look at price, inclusive of promotion, it was neutral to organic sales growth on the quarter. If you look further back, price, inclusive of promotion, has been neutral to positive for 11 consecutive quarters. It’s been neutral to positive for 9 consecutive years. We would much rather invest a dollar in innovation or equity, because those benefits are proprietary and sustainable. Promotion, price discounting, there’s nothing proprietary about it, and it’s typically not sustainable. If you look at our promotion, the percentage of sales that moved on promotion in the July-September quarter, it was down versus a year ago, not up. So that’s the past. As we look forward, it’s important that while we’d rather spend money on innovation and equity, it’s important we be competitive from a promotion standpoint. We are not going to be ones who lead promotion escalation, but we will be competitive. We do have a period coming up in the next quarter here that precedes pretty significant initiative launches for us, and it’s not atypical in that environment that we see a little bit of an increase in promotion from the competitive set trying to load consumers ahead of our initiatives. So we do expect that environment to tighten over the next three months as we head into our big initiative launch. Again, that’s not something that we’ll be leading. We’ll continue to focus on innovation and equity.
Jon Moeller: It certainly will sequentially improve, and should be positive certainly by the fourth quarter, early fourth quarter. We’ll have to see where it nets out total year. I honestly don’t think that much about that. But we do expect for gross margin progress to turn positive by the end of the year.
Jon Moeller: A large part of the quarter to quarter variability in profitability in beauty is being driven by initiative timing, and we have, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, and as you referenced, we have a strong slate of initiatives coming to market December through March in beauty. The specifics are not items that we’ve disclosed yet, and we’ll do that as we get closer to the events themselves, but there is significant innovation coming. The other thing that’s impacting quarterly variability, which is a great thing, is real progress on productivity within the beauty business. They’re working that as hard as anybody, and are frankly doing a great job.
Jon Moeller: It ultimately comes down to strong consumer segmentation and benefit alignment against those segments and the benefits that they’re seeking. And it’s more about that than it is about relative price point. And as you can imagine, we’ve been working this for some period of time, as you know, and we’ve been working very hard to ensure that the offering is very attractive to the consumer segment that we’re targeting and is less attractive to the current Tide consumer, which we believe we have achieved. And that is more the mark of success on things like Bounty Basic, Charmin Basic, Luvs versus Pampers, that consumer segment and benefit alignment with their needs that drives success.
Jon Moeller: First, relative to the $0.07 gain, what we’re asking you to do is just simply be aware of it. We’re just providing that as an awareness point. What you do with that is obviously your call. But we like people to not be surprised, and that’s simply why we’re calling it out. It will be in our core numbers in the base, and will be reported as part of our core comparison. So we’re not restating anything here. On savings, look, there’s no amount of savings that’s enough. Now, there is an amount of savings that’s too much, when it starts cutting into capabilities for growth and those kinds of things. But we’re going for everything we think is feasible and then asking ourselves is there more after that? And I’m not going to speculate on the ultimate amount of savings, but I think as you’ve seen both last year and this year, generally we’re exceeding, as opposed to underdelivering, our savings targets. Last year we had $1.2 billion in cost of goods savings. That’s about what we need to deliver the $10 billion objective this year. So far we’re at about $1.4 billion. Last year we significantly overdelivered the SG&A enrollment, and this year we’re committed to deliver our 2014 target and work to accelerate 2015 into 2014. And we really want to make this, as many of us have described before, an ongoing part of our business model, our culture, our ethos. And I think there’s a lot of possibility, to the extent that we’re able to accomplish that.
Jon Moeller: That’s what I was referring to in my prepared remarks relative to supply chain redesign in both North America and Western Europe, which is underway. It’s in process, and we’ll talk about it more as we kind of finalize our plans. But that is a significant opportunity to both reduce cost, improve cash through reduced inventory, and importantly, improve customer service, and we’re pretty excited about that that opportunity. Basically, our supply chains in both of those markets have come about over years, and through a number of acquisitions. And this is an opportunity to step back and say, you know, if we were doing this over, how would we do this? What are the right levels of aggregation in terms of number of categories that are produced at a site? What are the right locations? How do you think about distribution opportunities serving existing customers and new customers? And so pretty excited about that opportunity, and we will bring more information to you as we finalize those plans.
Jon Moeller: First of all, this is a very competitive category. It’s a category where I will readily admit we continue to have more work to do. So we’re not yet where we want to be on this business. There are pieces of it that are working very well. Our personal cleansing business was up high single-digits on the quarter, our cosmetics business is doing extremely well, our deodorants business is doing extremely well. I mentioned Pantene. In several parts of the world it’s doing well. We continue to need to make progress on North American Pantene, on Olay, and we need to make progress in our salon professional businesses. So those are kind of the strengths and the weaknesses, as it were, and we’re fully focused on maximizing the opportunity behind the strengths and addressing the opportunities.
Jon Moeller: Well, as I said several times on this call, we are in a very competitive market. Our expectation is that when we get everything working, we should be able to build a little bit of share each year. We’re never going to be in a position where 100% of our business is building share at any given point in time. That’s just not a realistic scenario in a very competitive industry that we compete in. We’ve talked about targeting kind of two-thirds to 70% of the business growing share, holding or growing share, at any point in time, and that’s the level that leads to modest share growth on an annual basis. So that’s what we’re targeting.
Jon Moeller: You’re absolutely right, in terms of the drivers of part of the gross margin pressure. There’s about 140 basis points of mix impact within that gross margin comparison. Approaching half of that is the product mix, exactly what you referenced, which is faster growth in lower gross margin businesses like fabric care and our paper businesses and slower growth in some of our higher gross margin businesses. In terms of healthcare, the real impact on the quarter was the recall on pet. The good news there is we’re back up manufacturing full speed a perfectly great product. And so that should be in the past.
Jon Moeller: The two word choices that you provided are accurate, focused and choiceful. And that’s what we’re all working to do here. Obviously you can appreciate from a competitive standpoint why I wouldn’t want to lay over many cards right here in terms of where we’ll accelerate investment or decelerate investment. But it is very much, as I said in our prepared remarks, a focus of ours, which is flowing investment to the areas, both businesses and geographies, where we believe we can create disproportionate value, and looking real hard at businesses where we’re struggling to create value and looking to see if somebody else could potentially create more value than us. We have pulled out of regions in the past. We used to be in Asia, in the tissue/towel business. We used to be in Western Europe in the tissue/towel business. And we’re now largely a North American tissue/towel business. And that was all driven by our assessment of our ability to create value in that industry, which we viewed as low potential. So these are things, both categories and geographies, that we’ll continue to look at. And as we always have done, whether it’s pharmaceuticals or Folgers or snacks, or the Western European tissue/towel business, where we determine that we can create more value on any business in a divestment context, there are two pieces of that. One is what our prognosis is going forward, the other is obviously we’re not going to exit businesses in a value dilutive manner, so we need to have somebody who’s willing to monetize some of that value they can create for our shareholders.
Jon Moeller: There are definitely areas that are stronger within Europe. I’m not telling you anything you don’t know. Northern Europe is certainly stronger than Southern Europe. Southern Europe continues to be a real struggle. And there are markets that are pockets of hope, if you will. But I want to step back on the whole Western European thing for a second. Changes in Western Europe in the consumer products category space have never been dramatic, and they continue to not be overly dramatic. You know, growth tends to oscillate between minus 1 and plus 1, and it’s a good year when it’s plus 1 and a bad year when it’s minus 1. And we’re not seeing significant departures from that aggregate picture. And so it continues to be an environment where we think we can build sales. We believe we can build profit and create value. It’s an area that we’re focused on. But we just don’t see a rebound to date.
Jon Moeller: Well, we want our products to be available wherever, whenever, and however consumers want to shop. And there is certainly a segment of consumers in some categories that want to shop online, and we’ll work to be available for them. The amount of our business that’s currently in that channel varies by category. Still, as you would expect, the vast majority of our products are sold in traditional channels. And I think the channel offers several advantages, and several disadvantages, just as our other channels do. It’s a very effective way to target consumers, both from a marketing standpoint and then conversion to purchase. So we’ll continue to look at it from that standpoint. But we really want to be present and viewed as best in class in each of the retail channels.
Jon Moeller: That’s true of our aggregate marketing expense. Promotion expense in the July-September quarter, in terms of the percentage of our sales that moved on promotion, was actually down 7% versus a year ago. If you look at the total industry, it was about flat versus a year ago. So there are certain categories, certain items, certain competitors, where there may be an escalation in promotion, but it’s not a broad characteristic of the environment, at least as we’ve seen it to date.
Jon Moeller: In terms of market growth rates, broad strokes we see 1% growth in developed markets, about 7% in developing markets, and aggregate, developing markets ranged from kind of mid-single digits to low double-digits, depending on the region. And the developed markets range anywhere from 2% market value growth in North America to about a 1% decline, consistent with what I was saying earlier, in Western Europe. Relative to the 140 basis points mix impact and how that evolves going forward, as I mentioned in my response to Javier, about half of that is geographic and about half is product. And I would hope that over time, as we get our beauty business growing at market growth rates, the product portion of that would largely dissipate. I do expect we’ll continue to have disproportionate growth in developing markets, and we’re not yet to the point in terms of economic development where those margins will be equal to the balance of the rest of the world. So we will continue to see some drag on mix from a geographic standpoint.
Jon Moeller: The category in the last three months was about flat. I think it was a 99 index. We did lose a little bit of share in the latest quarter. That was primarily driven by disproportionate growth in the disposables section of the business, where we are less well-developed. The encouraging piece of it is that Fusion continued to grow share, and that’s a good thing long term. And if you look over longer periods of time, last year for example we built share in blades and razors, and I would expect that would be more characteristic of the situation going forward.
Jon Moeller: Thanks for giving me a chance to recover there. Multipart questions, my feeble memory sometimes gets the best of me. In North America we’re holding or growing share in businesses representing between two-thirds to 70% of sales. So that continues to hold up very nicely. I actually don’t have segment level in terms of pods versus liquids versus powder shares in front of me here, but please feel free to call John or Katie or Brian during the balance of the day and they can get you that information.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. As I mentioned earlier, we’re reasonably happy with our first quarter results. In terms of its relation to our expectation, we know we still have more work to do. We’re determined to do that, and we look forward to connecting with each of you soon. Thanks a lot.
