Jon Moeller: Commodities really continued to -- the pricing on commodities continued to accelerate throughout the quarter. But I would tell you that it's more of a year ago comparison than it is a sequential increase in commodities. Commodity costs increased 6% versus the September quarter. But as we said earlier, they're up about 20% versus year ago. You're absolutely right to ask the question on how we plan to manage those increased commodity costs going forward. I mentioned continued focus on cost savings which will clearly be a part of this. We'll also look at pricing in commodity-exposed businesses where that's appropriate. The last thing I would say is as we've talked before, just on a comparative basis, we should have a much better commodity comparison in the second half than we had in the first half as this long run-up that we've been on really started in the second half of last fiscal year.
Jon Moeller: We began the fiscal year expecting global market growth rate of 3% to 4%. This assumed the developed markets grew 1% to 2%, and developing markets grew 6% to 8%. Developing markets have grown as we expected, but developed markets particularly the United States have underperformed. For the first half of fiscal year, developed markets grew only about half a percent, and we continue to expect to grow 1% to 2% above market growth rate levels due to our strong multiyear innovation program, expansion programs, which Jon and Teri talked about. For this specific quarter, in terms of value growth, North America, Western Europe and Japan were all flat. The developing markets were up about 8%. Importantly, we grew share in North America, Western Europe and Japan partly because the markets were flat but also because of our high volume growth rates. In North America, we grew share in December higher than we've grown it in four years. In Western Europe, we've had 12 consecutive months of share growth, and in Japan, we're the only company in our industry growing share and we're growing share on about 90% of our business.
Jon Moeller: We do expect similar levels of volume growth in the second half as compared to the first half, so that assumption is correct. It'll really be driven by two things. One, the continued expansion of our investment and expansion program. I talked in my comments about the number of category country, category price tier and channel entries, which is very significant in the second part of the year. So that will be a big driver of continued volume progress. And then I also mentioned – I mentioned it in the sales context, but it's relevant in the volume context that we had, because of more demand than we expected for a number of innovations, we were supply constrained, pretty significantly on a number of categories in the first half. That situation is largely behind us. So as we're able to fully leverage those innovations, we should see more growth. I'll just give you one example, on Fusion ProGlide where demand was much higher than we expected in North America, we effectively had to make significant reductions in merchandising as we went through the back of the year. And we'll essentially be, if you will, relaunching Fusion ProGlide in North America as well as expanding it across the world.
Jon Moeller: The promotion volumes, Nik, just to answer that part of the question, the promotion levels are actually reducing or narrowing sequentially. So that is not what's driving this. It's more fundamental consumer demand.
Jon Moeller: And on the macro level, as Bob indicated, we are seeing and it's early, but in January the markets are improving a little bit, particularly in North America. And we really haven't seen the impact on market growth rates yet of the pretty significant stimulus, if you will, in the context of the income tax extension that happened at the very end of this quarter.
Jon Moeller: On the tax rate, Bill, the two items that I mentioned of the three that affected our tax rate in O&D, those are the core items, will carry forward. So to the extent we continue developing disproportionately, growing disproportionately in developing markets, that will continue to have a tax benefit that is sustainable going forward. Obviously, the U.S. tax legislation is sustainable going forward. And we've given you a tax rate on the year, you can get pretty close to the quarter with the actuals and that number. Tax is an area of volatility, but I think you can get pretty close. I just want to dwell on that point for one more minute. If you look at the drivers of the organic tax rate on the quarter, I do want to reiterate the point that we really view two of those as completely sustainable going forward. So really there is, if you will, a one-time item related to successful defense of tax audits, that's $0.03 to $0.04 on the second quarter.
Jon Moeller: Just to build on that, we're actually, on an earnings per share standpoint, ahead of the glide path in terms of slightly overdelivering the first half of the year. So just to reiterate Bob's point, we're right on track in terms of what we expect to deliver, which involves a significant amount of earnings per share growth this fiscal year.
Jon Moeller: In terms of ability to pass through, we're really in a very good position in that regard. You may recall us talking historically about our desire always to link pricing when it's necessary to innovation. And with our focus on innovation and a very strong portfolio of innovation in the second half, we're actually in a pretty good place. These commodity cost increases where they’re occurring are broad-based. In other words, they're affecting not just ourselves but they're affecting private label brands. So we don't expect there to be a surprise in the context of retailer receptivity. They're going to have a need here as well to the extent these trends continue.
Jon Moeller: To the question of how much we can offset, if you look at the second quarter, we offset almost all of the commodity cost increase. We had 140 basis points of savings that offset most of the 160 basis points of commodity cost increases. And as we talked about in Analyst Day, we will continue focusing on SG&A savings as well. So it will be a combination of all of the above.
Jon Moeller: The broad market share progress that Bob talked about, that's I think symptomatic of really having our marketing program where it needs to be. So I don't expect to see significant increases going forward. And as a result, as Bob rightly described, on a comp basis, that should pick us up some earnings tailwind in the back half.
Jon Moeller: And on the lower end, as Teri had mentioned in some of her discussion, we're seeing significant growth for instance, in India, Fabric Care plus 50%. We're continuing to innovate very successfully at the low end as well. We wouldn't be generating the kind of volume growth, 10% volume growth in developing markets if we weren't being successful really across the portfolio in terms of our innovation efforts.
Jon Moeller: Just to the question of our own growth trends in developing market, those are accelerating as we bring more of our portfolio to bear. So we're very optimistic in our view for our business in developing markets.
Jon Moeller: First of all, acquiring to fill a hole implies you have a hole. And as we've been trying to describe we don't see that we have a hole. We're well on track with our plan at the present point. In terms of our general stance to acquisition, we talked probably four years ago about being a net seller. So that was a quite a while ago. We have been focused on acquisitions which allow us to realize our purposes via growth strategy. Ambi Pur is a very good example, allowed us to get from 17 countries in air care to 84 countries, serving more consumers around the world. Those are opportunities that we are open to. I continue to believe that a large acquisition, while you'd never write it off completely, is not a highly probable event. And the buyback pattern really reflects simply our pattern of cash flow across the year. And we expect, as I said in my comments, cash flow to accelerate as operating earnings growth accelerates in the back half of the year. Having said that, we've purchased $3.5 billion of shares against a target of 6% to 8%, which would lead you right to the middle of the range on a prorated basis. So we're largely again on track.
Jon Moeller: Well, first of all, as we just stated, the country price mix being one point. That leaves one point of mix across the geographies. It isn't related to differential sales growths across those geographies. That is fairly consistent across the world. There are major differences in countries that we're seeing in terms of either brand mix or size mix that drives the rest of that. As I mentioned earlier, on our premium items, we've actually been supply constrained, which has held back our ability to fully leverage those initiatives both from a top line and a bottom line standpoint. And we expect that to improve starting now. So that should be a help to price mix going forward.
Jon Moeller: And basically, the way we look at it is those things that Bob described provide the financial fuel to invest in commercializing and marketing our products. So I would not expect us as part of squaring the circle to be reducing investments in that area. We plan to continue to invest very strongly there fueled by cost savings in other areas. One other point that I could give you, Mark, to your question on the supply constraint, just trying to dimensionalize that, we think that was about 30 to 40 basis point impact on the top line in the second quarter. So that is significant. That's the difference between, in our case, a three and a four, and again it should turn into a tailwind in the second half.
Jon Moeller: Alex, this is Jon. I think that you asked a good and fair question. And I think that where we can help you and others more in the future is to build in some of the commentary you're suggesting in Teri's segment commentary. There's no reason we can't talk about market sizes and market share in that context. So thanks for raising that as an opportunity and we will follow up on it.
Jon Moeller: I would just reiterate what we've been talking about all morning. In our view, we had a very strong quarter, strong volume and market share momentum, sales growth within our guidance range albeit at the low end. Earnings per share ahead of guidance albeit with some tax help, and we continue to feel we're right on track towards delivering 4% to 6% organic sales growth on the year, 7% to 9% core earnings per share growth and 90% or better free cash flow productivity. Thanks for your time this morning.
Robert McDonald: And in terms of the evolution of the market growth through the quarter, Chris, there was a pretty significant drop off towards the end of the quarter. While it's qualitative judgment, it looks like what may have happened is that consumers, as you saw on the retail sales figures, actually spent on Christmas. And by the end of the month, there wasn't a lot left.
Robert McDonald: Maybe I'll just comment on Fusion ProGlide if I can, Jon, because if you simply look at the market share, you might get the wrong impression. Fusion ProGlide is performing really well and we're pleased with the initial results after only seven months in market. The Fusion shares in U.S. have reached 34%, which is up three points versus year ago. But regarding comparison to competitive launches, you could see where it looks like we've lost some share on Blades and Razors in the U.S. That's because of the supply constraint and because we've had to cancel merchandising that exists. But we're confident that once we put that merchandising back in place, which we're now doing, that the sales will take off. What we know from our research is that sales of U.S. Fusion ProGlide cartridges have been at the rate of more than 6x the rate of Fusion ProGlide razors, while the competitive replacement cartridges are only selling about two times the razor sales and that's a key metric for us.
Robert McDonald: Andy, we're growing market share in Fabric and Home Care. We have a number of terrific innovations in market, things like Ariel and Tide Acti-Lift, things like the line of additive products, which we've now launched in many countries around the world. So we are happy with our share growth in those markets. I think the thing that's probably affecting us more than anything else is the lack of market growth in this market because we are growing share.
Robert McDonald: I think for example, look at Western Europe and you look at the U.K. for example, which had a negative economic situation, we're still growing share in the U.K. On a large segment of our business in Japan, it's basically a story since the burst of the economic bubble, as you know Japan has had trouble creating macroeconomic growth particularly given the demographic problems they have. But we are growing share. As I said there, 90% of our business we’re growing share and some of the strongest growth rates that we've had in Japan since we entered Japan in 1973. And in North America, as I said, as Jon indicated, we think there was a slowdown in consumer spending on our products after the holidays. We're seeing that pick back up, but the good news is again we had our highest share growth in December in four years in North America. So again we think we're doing the right things, and the innovations we're marketing are selling.
Robert McDonald: On pricing, Bill, we recently announced pricing effective mid-March on Duracell in North America. We've taken foreign exchange-related price increases to protect the structural economics of our business in places such as Venezuela. And we've increased pricing in India on Tide Plus in July, and again we did that in October. In September, we increased prices on Feminine Care and diapers in India to recover changes in excise duties. We're also taking some actions in Oral Care in Western Europe. Some in Baby Care in Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa. And I've talked about India laundry and I've talked about Venezuela. So that's generally the pricing that we've taken. The part of the Duracell pricing is of course returning to the pre-value plan pack sizes on affected AA and AAA packs, and we're increasing the pricing across much of the balance of the Battery portfolio. And this, the battery announcement, affects about 70% of our business.
Robert McDonald: Well, we haven't taken yet, you're absolutely right, Joe, commodity-related pricing increases to any large extent. And obviously, it would be inappropriate for us to comment on future pricing activities. But we'll continue to stay committed to a healthy economic structure both through cost savings as a way to offset commodities, and where appropriate, we will take price increases.
Robert McDonald: As we tried to explain at a company level, but it's clearly true in Fabric and Home Care, we get into a much better comparative cost situation in the back half across the board. The commodity cost index in the second quarter is much higher than it will be in the back half of the year, again because commodities in the base period started their ramp-up in the back half. You'll recall last year that our marketing expense was significantly back half loaded. This year, it's more evenly distributed. Foreign exchange was a hurt in the first half of this year, is a help at current spot rates in the back half of next year. What you're seeing on the income statement for Fabric and Home Care in the second quarter reflects all of those dynamics but also reflects the fact that Fabric and Home Care is one of our most commodity-exposed businesses. So that commodity increase that occurred has a disproportionate impact on that segment. Typically, where we have commodity-exposed categories at the appropriate levels of commodity price increases, we would look to price to recover.
Robert McDonald: Well, Dara, when we started on this strategy back in the April, May, June quarter of 2009, we talked about the fact that we needed to grow market share profitably. And at that time, we were growing market share in about a quarter of our business. And we had suffered one of the worst quarters in a few decades in our company. And what we've been doing is following that glide path toward our guidance for this fiscal year, which is 7% to 9% core EPS growth for the fiscal year and 4% to 6% organic NOS [ph] growth. We're on that glide path. We're now growing market share or holding market share in about 60% of our business globally. And we think the strategies are working.
Robert McDonald: What I would say, Doug, is that our market share is stronger today than it even was in the last quarter. Those metrics may look otherwise. But the point that we made, which I think is significant, is for the first time in some time, we are now growing market share over the past 12-month, past nine-month, past six-month, past three-month period. And that's a very difficult thing to do, and past one-month period. And if you go across our regions, every region is growing market share over every one of those time periods. So in other words, let's take North America as an example, past three months, we're up 0.1%; past six months, we’re up 0.1%; past 12 months -- Asia, past three months, up 0.6%; past six months, up 0.6%; past 12 months up 0.4%. So as we look across the regions, the market share growth is strengthening. And as we look across our businesses by business unit, our Household Care market share is strengthening, our Health & Well-Being market share is strengthening and our Beauty market share is strengthening from what we would argue was a pretty unacceptable level over a year ago now. So we feel like the market share is growing and that it's going to continue to grow. And further evidence of that is the fact that private label shares are down versus a year ago for three straight reporting periods in the U.S. and six consecutive periods in Western Europe. And I understand the volume results of some of our competitors have not been very good.
Robert McDonald: And we'll obviously be working to develop substitute materials for those that are rising quickly. Some of them are very, very specific like lauric acid. And we know what those chemicals are, and we'll work to obviate the cost increases, while as Jon says, if we can't offset it, we'll price for it.
Robert McDonald: Jason, the marketing spend that we are seeing around the world and I think North America is similar as well, is we're seeing somewhat of a deceleration of temporary price reduction or discounting. We're also seeing around the world, as Jon mentioned earlier, our comparisons in marketing spend are going to work to our favor in the second half, and certainly that's part of the margin improvement in the second half as we come off of those higher marketing spend levels. Yet, we expect to end the year about where we've ended every other year, which is about 10% or so of sales, which of course will be a higher number than the previous year since the sales number will be higher.
Robert McDonald: I should say that our marketing effectiveness, we measure marketing ROI on marketing spend. And our marketing effectiveness is at all-time high levels. Part of the reason for that is we're doing a better job operating as one company as we talked at the Analyst Day. And when we operate as one company and take advantage of the full portfolio of brands that we have, it results in greater growth and it results in much better efficiency of our marketing spend.
Robert McDonald: Jon, well, we already talked Fusion ProGlide, which I think is a wonderful example of when you innovate at the high end, there's a lot of consumer demand. Just to reiterate, because it's a key metric, the sales of the Fusion ProGlide cartridges have been at a rate that's more than 6x the rate of ProGlide razors. That means that people are coming back and buying more cartridges because they like the shave so much. In fact, as Jon said, we've not been able to supply them all, while our competitor replacement cartridges of their new item are only selling at about 2x the razor sale. Another great example is what we're doing on Crest Clinical Sensitivity and Crest Clinical Gum Protection, both of which are premium priced. They began shipping in August and they’re off to a great start. While early, the current end-market results have doubled our share in the sensitivity space. And as opposed to a competitive product called Pro-Relief, Pro-Health is already FDA approved and therefore, it's in the U.S. now. And with this launch, we have two Sensitivity SKUs in market, both Crest Pro-Health Sensitivity Shield and Crest Clinical Sensitivity and both are doing extremely well despite the fact that they’re premium priced. Pampers Dry Max is another premium-price item. It's holding and are growing share in 13 of our top 17 markets around the world. It's now in more than 50 countries worldwide. The results in Europe had been very strong with cumulative shipments up double digits since launch since last May and value shares are up strongly versus a year ago. Diaper value shares in Western Europe, for example, are 58%, which is up two full points versus a year ago. In the U.S., Pampers shares are up one point to 31% and the vast majority of consumers who have tried Dry Max are very happy with it, with the comfort, with the dryness and with their baby using it, and it's going well. So the premium-priced innovations are doing extremely well, and they're doing well because there's a lot of demand out there when you innovate.
Robert McDonald: Bill, just to make sure I'm clear on my articulation. What I said was that the market growth rate of developed markets was not as high as we expected. In terms of developing markets, they're right on. They grew about 8% in value terms and pretty consistently, like Greater China was 8%; Central, Eastern Europe, Middle East, Africa, 6%; Latin America 8%; the ASEAN markets and Korea about 8%. So you see a real consistency there, that average is about 8%. And that is exactly what we projected at the beginning of the year. We said at the beginning of the year 7% to 8%, and it's right about there. It's really in the developed markets where we had projected higher numbers, and we had projected 3% to 4%, and we're basically seeing, well in the last quarter flat – I’m sorry, 1% to 2% is what we had projected, and what we're seeing is flat. Our expectation is that chances are that, that will pick up in the second half because we are seeing an economic recovery in these markets. But there still are some concerns out there, whether it's the fiscal and financial situation in places like Ireland, Spain or Greece and the tax situation in the U.S., which we kind of dodged a bullet in December. But we have to work with the U.S. government to get the U.S. corporate tax rate down. We now have the second highest corporate tax rate in the world. In the spring, when Japan lowers theirs, we'll have the highest. So we're working hard to help the U.S. government understand that U.S. companies, multinationals need to be competitive, lowering their corporate tax rate is one way to do it and moving to a territorial versus a worldwide system is another way to do it.
Robert McDonald: When you look at the number of opportunities that Jon talked about in his message that we're closing in the next half, it speaks to the kind of fundamentals systemic, sustainable growth we're going to create as we enter these new category country combinations around the world. And that's what we've done in the last six months. We're going to continue doing that.
Robert McDonald: With the kind of share that we're growing right now, Tim, where you're growing across all time periods, across most geographies, across most business units, the answer would have to be all of the above. Because it's taking bits of share from every competitor rather than necessarily targeting a single competitor. While at the same time, we have to say that our accelerated volume growth rate is also because we’re in many categories where there virtually is no competitor. If you think about India diapers, for example, the competitor there largely is the bottom that's not diapered at all. When you think about even hair care in China, getting the consumer to wash their hair more than once a week, there's huge opportunity out there that isn't about just share growth, and that's why the 8% growth in developing markets is so critical.
Robert McDonald: First, on the specific question on the components of mix. Mix had a two-point negative impact. Half of that or a point was country mix, the rest was split across other forms of mix. But it's largely country mix given the disproportionate growth in developing markets that we've been talking about this morning. Relative to Wal-Mart, we're growing the business very well in Wal-Mart International and Sam's. The place where we're focusing to help Wal-Mart grow more is in U.S. stores. The issue in U.S. stores for our business is not largely SKU or price or even brand portfolio driven as much as it is sheer execution. We have partnered with Wal-Mart to create Family Movie Nights, which is a great thing, where our feedback from consumers is outstanding on this. They want to have a night they can get the family together and watch a movie and not have to have the remote in their hands to change channels. But our execution of that has not been as good as we would like. There haven't been as many items in the tab as there should be. There haven't been as many displays in-store. Another example of that is Wal-Mart took the decision some years ago to remove battery centers from their stores, and they lost quite a bit of business in the battery business. We're now working with Wal-Mart to reinstitute those battery centers, and not surprisingly, they're gaining back their closure rate and their market share on batteries. So it's really about our execution with Wal-Mart, Wal-Mart's execution with us than it is about introducing a bunch of new low-priced SKUs.
Robert McDonald: Ali, the way I think of it, and I know Jon shares this, is that we should have growth plans to achieve our goals and our strategies without acquisitions. And that's why one of the things we tried to communicate during the Analyst Day, and I remember you were there sitting about the third or fourth row, is we now have detailed plans to enter 250 new category country white space opportunities, enter 750 new category country price tiers, enter 950 new category country channels by fiscal year 2015. This is not pie in the sky. This is not something we dream about. These are hard and fast plans and we put up copies of those plans during the meeting. So any acquisition we would consider has to be measured as a use of cash against those opportunities that we already have. And that's a relatively high bar because we've been so deliberate in following this strategy and staging those opportunities.
Robert McDonald: The way we look at it, Linda, is that we need to innovate in everything we do. So many of the innovations we do are category expanding. In other words, if you can get someone to wash their hair one more time a week, for example, Head & Shoulders works better to prevent dandruff and to take care of your scalp the more frequently you use it. So as we advertise Head & Shoulders around the world, the number one selling shampoo around the world, we obviously work to get people to wash their hair more frequently because they get a better end result and the product works better. So we do work in existing categories to expand them. Separately, we work to create new categories, and we said in our analyst day that we're really ramping up our efforts to do more discontinuous innovation. Bruce Brown talked about this. We’ve set up new business development units under each one of the vice chairs. And we're doing a lot of work. In fact, you may have seen the Fortune Magazine article about the $2-a-day consumer in China. We're doing a lot of work to figure out how to create new categories where categories don't exist. And I think frankly, we would all argue with you a little bit as to whether something like Crest Pro-Health or 3D White is an innovation, and I would simply point to the way the consumer votes, which is look at our market share, look at our volume results, look at our profit results in Oral Care, and that's how the consumer’s voting. And I think they’re voting it’s an innovation.
Robert McDonald: On the supply constraints, Mark, it would be true that over the time that you are supply constrained, you’re exacerbating the volume versus the potential because you're cutting featuring, you're cutting merchandising, you're cutting displays and that obviously has a cumulative impact. So if we could have, for example, have the features on Fusion ProGlide in the United States, certainly the business in December would have looked much better than it does today. Relative to cost savings, cost savings is endemic in our culture. We talked at the Analyst Day about simplifying the organization. We talked about simplifying the number of SKUs, simplifying the number of colors of plastic, operating in different ways in logistics. So simplification is big for us. The other thing that's big for us is digitization where we're doing more of our R&D using simulation and modeling. We're doing more of our demand planning using simulation and modeling. We're doing a lot more in digitizing our business from end-to-end, from molecule creation to running our plants off of the point-of-sale data of our retailers. So that's critically important to us. And then the third area of cost savings that we're working as well is to get more from the size of our company as operating as one company because there's tremendous synergy in a company this size, and we've not mined at all. And so we're working to do that. So we've got quite a strong program within the company around simplification, around savings and that's enabled by digitization, and we're going to keep after that.
Robert McDonald: Alex, we have market share by GBU and I tried to refer to that earlier that it's an improving situation across each one of the GBUs. Household Care, for example, has gone from plus 0.6% over the past 12 months to plus 0.8% over the last three months. Health & Well-Being has gone from flat to plus 0.1%, flat over the past 12 months to plus 0.1% over the last three months. Beauty and Grooming has gone from flat to positive over the past six months, plus 0.1% to about flat now but they’re impacted probably more than the other GBUs by lack of supply. We talked about Fusion ProGlide as an example. So that's becoming more and more positive particularly as I look at the numbers by country around the world. So those are the shares by business unit.
