Jon Moeller: Thanks, Bonnie. On the current year bottom line, there's just a lot of -- let's just start with fiscal year to date. So we've gone through three quarters, we're at 4.3% as I mentioned in our prepared remarks. With only one quarter to go, that's relevant. Second, there's a lot of variability still in the environment, whether that's foreign exchange, commodities, transportation, geopolitical disruption, competitive response, et cetera, and we think it is even with one quarter to go, a bit misleading to give you a view of a very narrow guidance range. We also have a high degree of variability as you've seen in the current quarter from things like tax and it's not certain at this point that we'll be able to close the land sale in Boston within the fiscal year, so that introduces variability. And last but very importantly, we've talked about and are committed to a level of investment that's needed to continue to advance our margin of superiority and we're not going to let up on that. So where does that put us overall? I think the most probable outcome is mid-single digits, consistent with what we've delivered fiscal year-to-date. We've said the fourth quarter will be a little bit better and we have that land sale gain in the fourth quarter, so maybe slightly above that. Everything goes right and that opens up numbers closer to the top end of the range. A couple of problems and we're probably closer to the bottom end of the range. That's how I view the guidance and why I think it's appropriate that we provided the guidance that we have. You raised your next question, gets really to the sustainability not just to the top line, but at the bottom line both for this year and as we go forward. And remember, in a currency neutral environment, we're talking about core earnings per share number this year that are well into the double digit range -- high double digits on a high end of the range. So the fundamental earnings power that exists behind the top line growth that we've been delivering is significant and should remain significant. And then we'll just have to see what happens to things like currencies and commodities and tariffs. In terms of sustainability of the top line, obviously we increased our guidance range or increased our guidance period to a strong 4%. We do that with confidence of sustainability of the numbers. One of the big questions we've all been wrestling with over the course of this fiscal year has been what happens to pricing and can manufacturer successfully price in this environment? I think we're gaining collectively increased confidence that that should be available to us, done the right way, coupled with innovation in a way that builds the value equation for consumers and customers and you're seeing that play through. You certainly saw that for example in Kimberly's results yesterday. The biggest measure though that we're focused on internally in terms of the sustainability of that top line is superiority and being able to deliver to that day-in, day-out across all five sectors that matter. That is highly dependent on innovation, disruptive innovation that grows categories that inflects market growth rates and if we can continue to do that and frankly expand that successful effort across each of the categories, we should be in very good shape. If we can't in categories where performance drive brand choice will have more difficulty. But our recent success, the progress in the market, even market growth itself which is marginally up versus last time we talked, give us confidence that a higher level of sales growth is deliverable and sustainable.
Jon Moeller: It's largely timing, so we expect to get close to our original communication on those savings and for example, the Tabler Station plant in West Virginia is just coming online with more categories being produced there and the startup cost and integration cost now being exceeded hopefully by savings. We remain committed to a higher level of cost-to-good sold savings, we view it as deliverable over the next couple of years. We might be a little bit lower and some years a little bit higher. In other years, we don't expect any delta from that representation to be a major driver for margin and the fact in the fourth quarter we expect a positive comparison to year ago on both gross and operating margin.
Jon Moeller: A couple of question within that. First of all, gross margin was flat versus year ago, which is a sequential improvement as we had indicated and as I said, next quarter I expect positive gross margin comparison. Overall, the flow through from sales earnings is dramatically impacted as we've talked many times by $1.4 billion of after tax of FX, commodity and transportation hits, as well as the tariffs that have been imposed. And as I indicated, our currency neutrals, just take out one of those headwinds, core earnings per share numbers are well into the double digits and as I mentioned on the call, core operating profit on a constant currency basis will be up 7%. So you just can't look past those big drivers of margin compression and remember, when we're pricing to recover those cost -- because you could say, 'Well, yes, I understand that those cost are in there, but aren't you pricing to recover them?' We're pricing to recover the cost, not to recover the margin. So we typically see margin compression. That's just a function of the math behind that until we get through the cycle of market declines that typically occur with significant pricing and then back to growth. But I'm very confident that margin expansion both gross and operating will be a part of our algorithm going forward. It has to be and we're delivered top third TSR, and we're committed to it.
Jon Moeller: Our industry is a competitive industry, across markets, across decades, and will continue to be. We have a very strong and capable competition and we've indicated that we expect a strong response to our share gains. If we do our job and continue to increase the superiority advantage and if that translates into increased or sustained market growth, we'll be just fine. If we're unable to do that, as I said earlier, we'll have some challenges. It would be very unusual in an industry that's as competitive as ours that we're going to be winning every day versus every competitor in every category, in every country. That has not been our historical experience, it's not our current experience, it won't be our future reality, but where we can win 2/3 of those encounters, we're likely to drive to proportional top and bottom line growth. The other thing that's three very positive developments in the market that are important to understand as we think about the role of competitiveness and competition, one is that again, market growth is inflecting slightly positive which is a very good thing. The second is that pricing is occurring where it needs to occur. That's a very good thing. Third, promotion levels. If you look at certainly U.S. results are down. I'm talking at a category level and they're down meaningfully. They're down 5% below a year ago in terms of percentage of volume that's being sold on promotion. And marketing spending is up. You see that pattern. In our results, you see it in other's results and that’s a fairly - at a very aggregate level, a fairly constructive set of observations or dynamics. Each day is a new day, but as we sit here today, that all looks pretty good.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Wendy. Let me just start with the Merck [ph] if you will. So, the grooming segment in the last quarter was down 1%. That's minus three in appliances and flat in the watch shave part of the business. So, not where we want to be in terms of growth, but not a disaster by any means. It also is a very different, the results are very different by geography with fairly strong results in Europe, fairly strong results in developing markets and continued market growth challenges primarily as well as some competitive challenges in the U.S. We are investing more right now behind the launch of SkinGuard, which as you know, addresses the 70% of men who feel that they have a sensitive skin and that the shaving experience provides irritation. To the extent that we can address that issue, which we feel SkinGuard does in a delightful way, we have the potential to increase usage, bring man back into the category who have left or increase the shave of frequency because it's no longer uncomfortable. And that's exactly what we're seeing right now in Europe. And I mentioned the system is part of that market and [indiscernible] fluoxetine to 10% market growth since we've introduced SkinGuard and growing slightly ahead of that. We have more work to do in the U.S. and probably do need to invest more to get sufficient awareness and trial, which we're fully prepared to do. So, that's how we're thinking about that business overall. The female part of the business continues to do very, very nicely. We just introduced kind of an exciting exclusive brand with Walmart called Joy, which is off to a great start. This was a business that we not only want to keep it, but that we like and feel we can win in long-term. 
Jon Moeller: Yes. If we look at the overall equation on an aggregate basis as relates to pricing, we're relatively optimistic. I see the volume dynamic slightly different than you may see it. We have had significant volume declines and particularly developing markets as we've made major increases places like Argentina and places like Turkey, where market size has been negatively impacted. If I look quarter-to-quarter, so when we've talked last time to our conversation today, I feel more positive about the pricing environment than I did when we talked last. And in part that's because of some moves have been made by significant competitors and you'll see that reflected in their results. I don't know, but I think what you're going to see broadly, and I'm just reflecting on the level of market growth, which has inflected a little bit, it's pretty good top line performance from the HPC industry in this quarter and there will always be a small impact on volume as we adjust prices appropriately. But again, I feel fairly comfortable about where we stand currently.  Our conversations with our retail partners are primarily based on joint value creation on market growth and our margin. The only way they make progress is through market growth. Our shared growth is not that meaningful for them. They want the market to grow and they want our items to generate an appropriate margin for them. And in that context, the pricing dynamic is actually a positive, not a negative. More importantly, we try to take pricing in very smart ways, specifically combining pricing with innovation. With the value equation we're offering consumer's increases. It doesn't decrease. And ideally, the value equation that we're offering our retail partners increases both in terms of the market growth potential and in terms of the margin and that's where we focus our conversations. 
Jon Moeller: We're very excited about the DS3 and its potential across a number of our categories from a consumer delight standpoint, from a product efficacy standpoint, from the degrees of innovation. It opens up to us in terms of how we can formulate that product and what we can include with it or put in it. But it is very early days and we are working in transactional environments with consumers today across several categories to understand how we can optimize the potential of this very exciting innovation. And that includes work to understand how it can best be positioned from a branding standpoint. So, all of that is work underway, Nik and we'll share more as we learn more and decide more. But this is just a wonderful opportunity that allow us a superior forum and multiple different categories, potentially the creation of some new jobs to do as well. So, we're very, very excited about it and thanks for asking about it. 
Jon Moeller: I'll focus on Baby since we haven't discussed that much during the call so far. Market share trends in Baby are actually improving and sequentially, past 12, past 6, past 3 months on a global basis. So, that's very encouraging. We did see a reduction in the rate of growth in China, but still growing share overall. And that's really the story on Baby with a lot of innovation to come. So, importantly, and I want to be a little bit careful here from a competitive sensitivity standpoint, but to ensure that our as much as possible, our entire portfolio offers a superior experience for consumers, again, across the pricing ladder and form offerings.
Jon Moeller: Argentina pricing, I think had about a 20 to 30 basis point, in fact, on our overall aggregate top line. So, positive but not a huge driver. As you can appreciate, Ali, sitting here right now, I don't have the ability to break down the numbers in the way that you've been asking for, but let me make a couple of comments. One is if you look at our traditional breakdown, all components are driving top line growth, volume, pricing mix. That's a much more sustainable equation as I think you'll readily appreciate than when you have only one of those or only two of those driving the top line. So that itself speaks to sustainability of the model. And within that price was two points in the quarter. Volume was a positive impact. Price was a positive impact. The second thing, you mentioned shelf space. And we spent some time this quarter intentionally talking about our go-to-market execution and it's importance in this turnaround, and in the sustainability of the top line going forward. And it's very important and we are seeing increased distribution, both in terms of accounts but also in terms of shelf space. We are seeing significant cooperation from our retail partners, again in the spirit of joint value creation and are seeing them viewing us as a source of that potentially more potently than has been the case in recent history. So we're very positive about the progress we're making with the retail trade, be that online or offline, and that speaks to the sustainability of results. I will try to get you more perspective overtime along the lines you've asked, but as I said, you can appreciate I don't have that readily available here.
Jon Moeller: Majority of those decisions are made by individual category Presidents and Group Presidents who have the clearest view to the opportunities that exists and the return that can be generated on those opportunities. And typically, only if they find themselves in a bind as related to delivering their bottom-line objectives where they come to David and I and ask for an essence of view of the corporate degrees of flexibility that would facilitate investment; that's point one. Point two, where we find smart opportunities to invest, we are going to invest. And I try to make that clear even in articulating the maintenance of our guidance range on a bottom-line for the fiscal year. We really believe that in these categories where performance drives brand choice, we need to be superior across all five vectors of superiority and we're very determined to deliver that. And that doesn't mean that we're going to do stupid things, we're very focused on return but we know that superiority delivers return in these categories, and in the categories where we've truly been able to bring that to market across the portfolio, the results have been really terrific; not just in terms of our own business but in terms of the inflection of market growth rates and the acceleration of market growth rates. So I'm not sure that gives you the granularity that you're looking for but again, the vast, vast majority of decisions where and how to invest are made by individual categories and individual markets, and they're held within that to deliver a bottom-line objective and an overall value creation objective.
Jon Moeller: On a global basis, we expect population to increase; the number of babies born each year to increase. So, again on a global basis, as this is witnessed by current market growth rates, this should be a very attractive category. The other encouraging aspect Bill is that what is growing the fastest within the Baby Care category are the pants form -- particularly, premium pants and premium Type A diapers. So I don't want to make an absolute statement or an overgeneralization, but generally, the category is mixing up, not in every case but in an aggregate. China is a clear example of that, and generally, smaller families contribute to that dynamic. The preciousness of one child versus the family I grew up in of eight children generates a very different purchase dynamic. So there is nothing that we see that causes us concern that this is a category that's going to be declining. There are certain markets that will present challenges and we need to make sure as I said earlier that we're superior across each points of the pricing ladder that people choose to enter the category in or move to. And if we do that, this should be a very, very attractive business.
Jon Moeller: Yes, it's a hard question to answer believe it or not. I realize it would seem relatively simple but nothing is in the space. You know, if you just look at etcetera payables [ph], so nothing else changes. You've seen the constant currency earnings per share growth numbers I've provided, so you see the significant leverage as we hopefully continually sustainably grow the top line that should lead to improved margins and that constant currency number which is well into double digits still assumes the commodity hit on the tariff hit, so if all of that goes away, we're in a much better place. Now the second question as you'll rightly move to is, what to -- that doesn't just affect P&G, it affects other competitors and what do they do with that savings? And do they spend that back? Do they take it to the bottom-line? How is it spent back? All of that will have an impact on what actually happens from a bottom-line standpoint in the scenario that you described. But clearly, it would be a more -- it's hard to imagine it wouldn't be a more positive scenario and we're hopeful that's the case. Having said that, as we went into last year and this is why you know, I'm kind of anchored to fairly wide ranges because I think it reflects reality, we went into last year and within months had an additional $400 million after-tax and currency impacts alone. And then we had the introduction of the tariffs as we went through the year. So, it's -- I would encourage you to think in ranges.
Jon Moeller: In terms of currency on margin, the impact; if you look at the gross margin as we said in our prepared remarks, it was flat all-in on a core basis versus year ago. Constant currency was plus 60 basis points, so you get an idea of the impact on a gross margin. On operating margin, we were 60 basis points down versus year ago, all-in core, and ex-currency we were 40 basis points up. So, again with that top line result as hopefully currency annualizes and doesn't -- in this scenario where it doesn't continue to devalue there should be significant leverage within the income statement that hasn't existed this year as we've tried to work our way through that. E-commerce; we're doing well on a geographic basis pretty broadly. There are a lot of dynamics within individual retail accounts which drives a fairly high degree of volatility within the result, but if you trend it out beyond -- you know, one quarter, we continue to make really significant progress. We still have a share opportunity, we're growing share in China but our shares at e-commerce are still lower than offline; so that continues to present an opportunity that we're closing that gap quarter-on-quarter. In the U.S. our shares are more representative on the online business of our offline position.
Jon Moeller: Well, thanks everybody. Again, I think a very strong quarter. I do believe these kind of results or a proximity of them should be sustainable going forward, and we should be able to drive more leverage to the income statement and a more benign effects on environment but very, very positive developments sequentially; so thanks. Thanks for participating.
David Taylor: Thanks, Steve. The majority of the SG&A increased, not all of it, but the majority is due to the addition of Merck to our consolidated results, and importantly, the reflection of the integration costs. So we're going to go through one-time costs to get to synergies going forward. It will also annualize inclusion of Merck in our results after two more quarters. So I don't expect this to be an ongoing negative, I expect it to be ongoing positive once we get to the full integration and deliver the synergies that we expect to deliver. There is also just for clarity within that SG&A number, a reflection of the accrual that we make for compensation and with the results we're delivering, that number is higher this year than it would have been in prior years; so that's also in there. And Jon can help you kind of tease out the relative components here in terms of magnitude. I think excluding Merck, SG&A would have been up slightly reflecting increases in investment as we've talked about across the vectors of superiority. But again, as we go forward, I would expect operating margin as soon as next quarter to hopefully be a positive comparison versus year ago. And certainly, in our construct next year we'd be anticipating the same. In terms of breaking out growth by enterprise markets and focus markets; I'm honestly not prepared to do that today, we're still going through the work of micro-organization design and rewiring the companies reporting back to them just to accommodate exactly the question that you've asked and we'll be prepared to answer that in the future. But the analog I can give you though it's not precise or completely clean; I mentioned that growth was broad-based -- in the quarter we just completed, we grew 3% in developed markets, 9% in developing markets. I expect both sets of markets focused in enterprise to be sources of growth going forward. For perspective again, if you just look at that developed market number, we grew 4% in the U.S. in the last quarter, we grew 3% in Europe, we grew mid-single digits in Japan; so those are going to be -- when you look at the absolute growth that those markets are delivering it's the majority of our growth. We want to maintain the growth upside that exists in some of the enterprise markets and we certainly want to maintain an optionality on future growth and profitability. So this isn't an either/or dynamic, we are set up differently now in those two different sets of markets to win in each. And we'll be prepared to talk more about how this is manifesting itself in terms of specific plans when we discuss our plans for next year. But generally, we're all pretty excited about the opportunities that this presents and are moving excitedly forward.
David Taylor: When you look at the quarter, we just completed from a bottom-line standpoint, operating profit, operating margin and all the way through to EPS, I think -- again, the biggest driver is FX. And as I mentioned, you'd have core operating growth on a constant currency basis of 7%. So I think it's important as we talk about what exists going forward and what doesn't to make sure that we have that in our mind's eye as well. The Merck dynamic is largely one of transition costs and I'm not quite sure how those fall by quarter over the next couple of quarters but I would expect us to continue to incur costs to integrate and transition that business. So yes, for the next two quarters until it annualizes and then it will do more than annualized; it will not only annualize, it will improve as we deliver the synergies. From -- and again, Jon can give you more detail there if you need that. From a commodity cost standpoint, we've seen slight easing and parts of the commodity exposure that we have, but not in all. I don't see the commodity environment in terms of our exposures in aggregate being dramatically different than it was when we talked last quarter; maybe a little bit better, but not necessarily a lot. And going forward, in terms of what we see, for example, in the pulp [ph] market, and we certainly don't have a crystal ball in this regard, but if we just look at the combination of demand and supply, there is no real reason to believe that that rolls over dramatically anytime soon. In terms of resins and the petro-complex [ph], your guess is as good as mine.
David Taylor: Once we get below the top and bottom lines on an individual category basis, I'm a little bit ill-equipped to give you the quality of answer that I think you deserve. So I'm going to ask you to follow-up with Jon on that. Clearly in Fabric Care, we've dialed back significantly on promotion levels which has had a big impact on profitability. In both categories we have productivity savings coming into effect, we're investing pretty heavily in the Beauty business to drive that top line and that's responding very nicely. I'm comfortable overall with the combination of top and bottom-line growth rates in both of those businesses but Jon can provide you a little bit more granularity.
