Jon Moeller: Thank you, Wendy. The strength in the U.S. is primarily behind Heads & Shoulders and Pantene both of which are doing very well. We are not doing so well on the balance of the portfolio, the smaller brands particularly Herbal Essence. We are just as we speak relaunching Herbal Essence. And I talked earlier in our prepared remarks about the naturals based focus of that launch and we're very excited about that. So part of the dynamic here has been different growth rates across the brands. But we are again relaunching Herbal Essence as we speak. Across markets we continued to do well in markets like China. Hair care has done very well in Latin America. So there's also a geographic dynamic that's driving the overall aggregate result. You mentioned non-track channels. That's a significant impact and is going to be increasingly frustrating for this community I think. If you look at the U.S. on an aggregate P&G basis, I don't have the data with me for just hair care. But if you look at all of our categories, there is about 1.4 difference or 1.4% that explains the difference between reported growth rates and something like Nielsen and our growth rates that we're reporting through our earnings release. That increase is dramatically when you go to a market like China where that delta is up to six points. So that’s also one of the drivers. And we are doing relatively well from a hair care standpoint online. I think the program. I know the program strengthens going forward. We're bringing new initiatives to market not just on Herbal Essence but on Pantene and Heads & Shoulders across geographies. So we feel reasonably good about the sustainability of the growth that we've been delivering more recently.
Jon Moeller: The answer for your first three or four questions is yes. So we did do better in the first half than we expected we would. So we're at about 2.5% through the first six months and we expect to improve that. Modestly as we go through the back of the year. So, yes it reflects progress to-date, yes, it reflects our confidence in the back half, and yes, we would expect we hope to get close to market growth rates as we exit the year. As I’ve said in our prepared remarks, we expect the fourth quarter to be stronger than the third quarter. There was always the swampy straight line but the answer broadly is yes. In terms of other things besides the non-track channel dynamic, driving differences between what you’re seeing in our reported sales numbers and the market base numbers. There are always puts and calls in different markets. For example, in China, Chinese New Year fell very early this year. And so there were some part of the normal inventory load that occurs ahead of the Chinese New Year holiday but this year occurred in December. Last year it would have occurred in January or February, I can’t remember exactly when the holiday was last year. So there are those dynamics but broadly I think you can look at the 2% on the quarter is a pretty good number representative of the general strength of the business. It might be just a tad high because of dynamics like the Chinese New Year timing and different year-to-year promotional items but there’s nothing very significant or concerning within that.
Jon Moeller: All right. I can't really – can't possibly answer all of those questions, but I'll take a shot at the big ones within that. In terms of pricing, when we look at pricing, inclusive of promotion, as a component of our top line growth that was neutral on the quarter. It's been neutral to positive for the past 24 quarters consecutively. It has been positive for the last 12 years. So as relates to the promotion part of the question or potential part of the question, as I've said many times, we will be competitive on promotion, but it is not something that we typically lead with. We would rather spend a dollar on innovation or equity when we have that opportunity. In terms of the flat pricing in the quarter and its vis-à-vis FX increases; I mentioned when I was talking about FX that there's often a significant lag between when the FX hits us and when we're able to take smart pricing. And if you think about what's happened in the FX markets over the last, call it, six quarters; most of the increase that we're talking about – we talked about $500 million of FX impact versus year ago. I mentioned that $300 million of that has occurred since we reported earnings on October. So the pricing environment that exists in the market now is reflective of a more neutral FX environment and we'll have to see what happens going forward. We are very cognizant that with a broad dollar move against most currencies that our pricing flexibility will be somewhat limited or will be less than it might otherwise have been. Nonetheless, it will continue to be part of the strategy, but they'll be a bigger component of cost reduction, mix management, sizing et cetera. As relates to margin, I think the gross – and I honestly don't have in my head the exact gross margin numbers quarter-by-quarter, I just don't think about things that way. But the general order of magnitude you've seen is representative of the strength of the productivity program. That's going to differ quarter-by-quarter depending on commodity impacts, depending on how much volume we ship. But generally I expect to see a healthy gross margin contribution as we go forward. Recall, we mentioned that our next $10 billion productivity program, the majority of that would be in cost of goods, which is part of the reason why you see a divergence between the gross margin benefit from productivity and the SG&A benefit. 20 points a quarter on SG&A, I’ll take that, make time. We obviously have more opportunity ahead of us as I said and we'll see how that progresses. At the same time we've talked about reinvesting in things like sales coverage which we are doing. And that is also reflected in the overall numbers. I think I’ll leave it there and feel free to get back to me later in the day Ali, if I missed an important part.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, Lauren. Lean innovation is in its early days in terms of both learning and implementation. It offers significant opportunity for the reasons you describe, quick learning, quick response, lower cost learning, more shots on goal. I was just in a meeting for a couple of hours yesterday afternoon with some of the leadership team on lean innovation. And some of the pilot programs we were applying in that to try to improve, again, both the cost profile, the speed to market, and the number of ideas that we’re screening. So we're very excited about the potential it holds, but it's early days.
Jon Moeller: Sure, Steve. With pride and we've talked about this a couple of times too both ensure that our demand creation efforts are sufficient and that they are sustained. One of the problems that we created in the past was a fair degree of volatility and support levels for the business. And that's why I made the remarks that I made when I was talking about the bottom line guidance in the context of FX that we're simply not going to make those choices. We're going to continue to support the business in a sustained fashion through the balance of this year, through the balance of next year. Our support levels are pretty ratable quarter-by-quarter throughout this fiscal year. I don't have all the base period numbers exactly in my head, so I'm not sure what all the index comparisons would be. But I think what you've seen is symptomatic of what you will see going forward. It's not just though the marketing and trade spending that we're viewing as investments in demand creation, it's also the investments in capability which comes in several forms. We've talked coverage which we're investing in. We've talked about category mastery, both building and hiring and from the outside, we've been doing that. We've talked about category dedication. We've talked about increasing the flexibility of our operations to respond to changes, whether there are changes in opportunities, whether they’re competitive, trade initiated or otherwise. And so all of this were hopeful has an impact on demand creation. All of us this were hopeful as market accretive in its approach. And we still have a lot to prove, we still have a lot of work to do. But so far it's progressing in the direction that we had hoped.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, Nik. I mean clearly in-store execution is another important element going back to Steve's question on sufficient demand creation, significant number of consumer choices on brand and product are made at that shelf. So having the products available, having them be presented in an understandable and compelling way, that’s all incredibly important. A couple of things here; one, we are whole supply chain transformation. You're familiar with I think the fact that we now are operating these Mexican centers in the U.S., which is designed to get us closer to consumption and are designed to reduce auto stocks. We have significantly improved auto stock levels across our customer base through that, so we’re very happy about that. And this is an initiative that is going to be rolling globally in markets is appropriate. So we expect to continue to improve that. It’s very important. We’ve also tried to get clear and clear alignment between our brand teams and our sales teams on what are the drivers of both market growth and brand growth in an in-store context. And then frame the tree programs and our execution in store against those drivers, key business drivers and be very focused and really, really, one or the two or three drivers that matter most. That we’re measuring performance against a combination of those drivers, which are different by category was that delivered in-store and gross margin or gross contribution. So there is an element of profit responsibility and profit consideration that is occurring all the way down through to sales professional in the store. And this is an area I frankly think we have a lot of upside in. There is some great work going on around the world and it’s a clear driver of our business.
Jon Moeller: Thank you. In general on an aggregate basis category growth continues to decline at a very modest level, but it is declining. Some of that is developing market dynamics associated with some of the big currency moves. The U.S. is essentially, it is very – it’s pretty stable, may be a slight uptick here or there. So the majority of the progress that has been made is really execution and very little that, in fact I would have to look at specific good numbers, but I would expect that the category growth driver of our growth as a negative in the whole equation, modest negative but a negative.
Jon Moeller: There are actually more options available to us to attract customers to our brand and more tools than there probably were five years ago, so done right. There’s no reason that the cost of acquisition of a customer should be hire today than it was five years ago. Having said that, there’s a lot more complexity in the shopping environment, in the media environment and done wrong, you can’t increase pretty significantly and efficiencies in the cost of customer acquisition. I really can’t give you a more specific answer than that Joe, but I don’t see customer acquisition cost has been significantly increased or inflated as we go forward. We can reach consumers and shoppers today and much richer, more direct ways than we ever could.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, Kevin. We talked about this both last year and this and we’ve done it. We talk about in the context of FX, which is what’s relevant again this year. We need to support our businesses in a sustainable sufficient way and we’re going to do that. The challenge of doing that and delivering and EPS number and the current environment is almost entirely FX. It is not – of course there are examples by category what promotion levels of increased or by country work promotion levels of increase, but on a broad scale basis as we look over the total business. That’s not the driver of the challenge from a profitability standpoint it is FX and commodities and I talked about $500 million of FX, $300 million of which has just come on since October and about $200 million worth of commodity costs. We’re committed to work as hard as we can to offset that making smart choices on cost and ideally continuing to push the top line as well. What we’re not going to do is reduce investment that’s working to drive growth just to deliver a near-term quarterly number. So that’s all we’re saying. And I think that that is maybe inconsistent in totality with our past. I think it’s very consistent with the last couple of years how we’ve been approaching the business. In terms of market growth, developed market growth is about 1% overall, developing is about 5%, not a significant change in either versus the prior quarter that yields about 3% global growth, there obviously significant differences by country, but that’s the aggregate look at that.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, Bill. The strategic rationale for the increase in production at diaper category is competitive response. I’ll just leave that there. In terms of Oral Care, we’re making very good progress on both our paste business, but also on our more high end brush business, the automatic power brushing. And that’s growing extremely well in markets like the U.S., but also in markets like China. In terms of the breakdown of FX, I mean you talked about 12 points going to 26 points about three quarters of that occurred since October and it’s across currencies. If I were to show you a graph today of currencies that are down and up. I’m sure you have one sitting on your desk, as it is they’re all there’s been a significant move that’s occurred. And as I said earlier it’s different by category by country. But we’re going to try to recover that yet through a combination of price increases whether relevant, size and changes, mixed cost. And there really isn't one answer. I apologize, but that gives you an aggregate feel for how that happens. It's markedly different by market by currency. And one of the big differences is a yuan or euro functional currency competitor impacted by the valuation in a specific market or not. Another variable is, what’s happening to local inflation and how our local competitors cost structure is being impacted by what’s happened. And they have a reason to price or not. Another factor is where are we, in terms of category leadership or followership are we the number one brand or we the number three brand. That has an impact. So it is a very granular gain and a very executional gain but one that we frankly despite issues within a given quarter, I’ve done generally fairly well at over the last four years offsetting the $4 billion of affects, nobody likes the $3.80 or whatever the EPS number is the people feel were stuck on. But it could've been a whole lot worse. And we’ve done I think a very good job of managing that, and Kevin, I towards managing these in more effectively from a growth standpoint on the topline as we go forward.
Jon Moeller: Sure, sure, sure. This was a fairly clean quarter for us and it's obviously not a year end quarter. So we were able to get our accounts together and fairly short order. And having an earlier call, frankly, allowed me to take advantage of scheduling an opportunities next week and it’s simplest that. In terms of the format, I just didn’t thank you while that go through the Analyst Day, March again, since that was about available for you online. And that's essentially the format we’ve used before us to walk-through productivity walk-through portfolio, walk-through topline. I thought I would just diversify a bit and make sure all of the ground was hopefully, helpfully covered for you and that's all there was for that.
Jon Moeller: I want to step back in China first and then I’ll get to your specific questions. I think it's very important that we understand that China continues to be a very attractive opportunity. This is a market that is among the highest growth rates across the world on a sustained basis and that really hasn’t changed. It’s a market that as we've talked before, premiumizing significantly customers are trading up to better performing products across categories. As we move out of the one trial policy, there’s certainly only upside that exist there, as the economy transitions from more of a manufacturing based company to – economy to a degree of a more consumption-based economy. That’s significant upside and we have a market position there and capabilities that, that allows us to take advantage and participate in all of those upsides. So China continues to be – as you know it's our second largest market both in terms of sales and profits. So it’s also a big focus area for us. I mentioned on the call that David and I were there last week. No better way to start the New Year than to go to China. And the business is responding fairly well overall. We went from minus 8% quarter’s not very long goal to the quarter we just completed plus 3%, first half was plus 2.5%. Obviously we still have some work to do, because our markets are growing depending on the category mid-singles. In terms of specific categories Oral Care, we're doing fairly well and that’s being driven primarily by power brush and by our Oral-B pastes launch a very premium dual phase product that’s doing very well. It is a limited distribution, but that distribution is going to be expanding as that has proven out. We do see continued promotion in the diaper category, but it's important to note that at the same time that that’s happening, that’s really a competitive driven dynamic. At the same time that's happening, consumers are continuing to trade up to premium tiers. And that is by far the fastest growing segment of the market. So the notion that consumers in China have become if you will price-sensitive, that’s certainly not what we're seeing. This is a competitive dynamic that reflects in some ways the size of the opportunity that reflects in some ways changes in frankly, currency rates and regulation. But it is not something I would expect categorize the category for extended periods of time. And we certainly – it’s certainly not a reflection of a desire for lower price on the part of the Chinese consumers, who is very focused on product quality and product performance. Detergents, our Ariel liquids lunch is about on a target with where we expected it to be. We do have as you mentioned very good, strong, local competition, but we also have two very good and strong brands on Tide and Ariel and continue to work to build that business.
Jon Moeller: The pricing environment in the U.S. market for detergents has become more competitive over the last quarter or two. As a result, you’ve seen market growth rates go from positive to slightly negative. And that's being driven as much by anticipation on the part of competitors as to what the new entrant is going to do. Then it is anything else. And we'll see how that plays out. We’re – in terms of how that strategy – how Henkel strategy is going to play out, it's way too early for us to know that. Our best play continues to be to strengthen our brands both from a product efficacy standpoint and a consumer delayed standpoint, which we continue to do.
Jon Moeller: Sure Bonnie. I'm limited in what I can say about future pricing directions legally. But I can talk about current status in general strategy, which I'm happy to do. The majority of our portfolio whether that’s defined by category or by a market is where we feel we need to be from a price ladder standpoint. There are clearly some categories, a couple of categories where we have opportunities. And again, I really don’t want to name categories, but I bet even I – if I wrote them on two separate piece of paper we’d find some of the same names. Those are factored into our plans that we have articulated today, we will be competitive on price. But again, we’re not going to lead with promotion as a way to grow market share. I don’t believe it’s a sustainable way to grow our market share because there’s absolutely nothing proprietary about it. It can be repeated in a nanosecond, which is matched – which is very different than either cutting edge innovation or idea inspired equity building. So there will be a mix but we will be competitive. We’re generally where we need to be but not in every category country combination.
Jon Moeller: Probably, the primary example of where we have more work to do that matters from a size standpoint is China. In aggregate, our online shares in China are below our offline shares. We’re making a lot of progress though. I mentioned $1 billion in sales in online this year not 20% of our business, that business – the online business is growing at 30%, 40%, 50% clip depending on the month of the quarter. And we are building share. Our online share is growing. It is not yet though to the same level as our offline shares. And that’s probably the biggest example of where that’s the case. And in some other markets, we’re over developed from an online standpoint. And again it differs dramatically by category. You can appreciate that categories like power brush, like our electric shaving business, some of the – certainly the diaper business are very well-developed online and some of the others a little bit less so. But if we were to get and I expect we will get China to market share equivalents online versus offline. The aggregate statement I would be making them is that our online shares are higher than our offline shares.
Jon Moeller: Everyone, whether they’re an online retailer or an offline retailer is participating in the race to drive traffic to their specific channel or chain. The biggest help we can give any retailer whether online or offline are indispensable brands that consumers need and want. That is by far the biggest driver of traffic for them. And creating offerings instead a relevant for their shopper, which may be different across channels. If we have products that are not irresistibly superior and don’t delay consumers, the notion that we’re going to drive store traffic on those items with a lower prices is a hard one to get comfortable with. So we’re really focused in our discussions with our retail partners on driving their market basket and market growth through better performing brands that ideally are indispensable to consumers. We’re also very focused with them on making our joint operations as cost efficient as possible, which gives them inherently more pricing flexibility or marketing flexibility than they would have otherwise have. And that’s a big part, certainly not all of the part, but a big part of our approach on supply chain transformation has been designed inherently with this customer enabling focus in mind and reducing their costs as well as our costs, increasing shelf presence in terms of availability, which helps both us and them. So that is by far the majority of the conversation.
Jon Moeller: I’d say a couple of things, Jason. If I step way back and look at for example strength of program, front half, back half, I talked about that previously, I don’t see a big change there. Innovation improves and increases in the back half in the U.S. We’re increasingly getting the coverage patterns that we want to have in place with the talent and deep category mastery in place across the U.S. So I don’t see anything at an aggregate level that says that U.S. sales should decelerate. It wouldn’t surprise me in a given quarter that instead of being plus two, it’s plus one – that’s kind of the range that which I am looking. There are categories in the U.S. where promotion intensity has increased significantly. And what I am not saying is that, we’re not participated into them. We need to be competitive, I’ve said that several times on this call and we will be competitive. What we won’t typically do is lead promotions spending. There are also times when certain competitors for a very good reasons, we will take a list price decline. And our most efficient response may be at time as for a period of time to increase promotion to get to the right price spread versus our competitor. So well that tactically looks like a differential increase in promotion. It’s all about getting to a net price. Again, us being responsive to what our competitors offer. So happy to talk that more with you later day Jason, that’s helpful. John and I will be around the balance of the day. Thank you for your time. And hope to see most of you here in a couple weeks at CAGNY.
