Jon Moeller: Thanks, Lauren. We obviously don't have perfect insights into pantry inventories. We know that they're higher, as you indicated, primarily in the U.S. And as you rightly pointed out in many parts of the world, there aren't homes that are large enough to accommodate significant pantry inventory build and there are no pantries. We're also seeing though very, very importantly, increased consumption in these categories, more time at home, more meals at home, higher consumption. In the U.S., as an example, cleaning and sanitizing frequency is up 30%, dishwashing frequency is up 15%, air freshening frequency up 20%; in-home paper towel usage, up 15%. So, while there has been an understandable tendency for some consumers, particularly in the U.S. to build inventory to protect themselves and their family and to minimize trips outside their home, consumption is generally following. Could there be some reduction in top-line growth rates if God-willing the situation gets better, and therefore, I need less in my pantry as protection? Yes, that could occur for some period of time but not in the mid to long term obviously. And those increased levels of consumption are accompanied in many cases by new habit formation or habit strengthening. And unfortunately, we've not been at this for 4 weeks or 8 weeks where things might -- where behavior might snap back to pre-crisis levels. We've been at this on a global basis, even in the U.S. for a year. And that does tend to form habits, which means some higher level of consumption should continue to occur post crisis. And then, while I'm on it, while it's not part of your question, remember again, from our prepared remarks that there are many categories that have suffered as a result of the dynamics we're all managing through. And those should provide an offset in a more normalized environment, the same with markets, the same with channel opening. Heightened consumer interest in health, hygiene and the clean home, what are we doing? The way I like to think about this is how can we step up and step forward to better serve consumers with these heightened needs. Some of that -- and it's all the things that you mentioned. We are innovating and bringing new products to market to better meet those needs, whether that's Microban 24 as an example; whether that's Safeguard sanitizer; whether that is for better oral health as an example, the new IO offering, which has driven a 20% year-to-year increase in our power brush sales. We're modifying packaging, so that it's clearer relative to the health hygiene, clean home benefits that our products offer. We're educating, both to your point on usage occasions and helpful tips around the home. One of our categories that's done a particularly good job on that is our home care category, which has shifted a fair amount of advertising to an educational format, which is designed again to serve consumers during this difficult period. And, our broad brand communication and messaging is generally reflective of those kinds of opportunities. Claims support, developing claims are essentially communication that we can back up with laboratory research that highlights the benefit of our products in many categories to serve these needs. For example, hygiene, that's a benefit as a result of use of some of our laundry offerings. The long answer, but it was a good question. And I want to just reiterate the point again that the question behind the question in all of this I suspect today will be are you -- what kind of shape are you going to come out of this in? And I think, we think we're going to be in great shape coming out of this. I won't predict a top-line growth rate or a bottom-line growth rate that accompanies that, but from a strategy standpoint, from a brand portfolio standpoint, from an organization execution standpoint, and as I mentioned, from the variety of impacts that COVID has had across the portfolio, both categories and geographies and channels, we feel very well-positioned to continue the momentum that we've developed.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Steve. As you rightly point out, there are a lot of moving pieces within that top-line. From a -- when you put it all together though, price contributed 1 point to the 8 points of top-line growth in the quarter. So, to the extent that everything that's happening, complex as it may be, reverses itself. That has about a 1 point impact on top line growth. Promotion levels, which you've mentioned, have returned from about the lowest point, which was about 17% of products sold on promotion, up to about 26%. So, a significant amount of that promotion return is already in the numbers. And that compares to a pre-crisis range of, call it, averagely 33%. I don't know necessarily where post crisis we're going to net out on that percent, but that gives you that math. The other thing I would point out is that some modest pricing is inherent in our innovation-based and superiority-based business model. Superiority not in terms of price points, but superiority in terms of performance. And if you look at the 1 point sales impact in the quarter we just completed, that's pretty normal. So, we look at -- if you look at the 41 out of the last 45 quarters, pricing has been neutral to a slight positive impact on the top-line, 15 out of the last 16 years. So, if we're going to define an expectation of the future based on normalization, it doesn't look a lot different than what you're seeing now. The drivers may vary and be different by category, by market. But, I think what you're seeing is generally representative of our history and to some extent, representative of the future.
Jon Moeller: The two -- potentially two different questions within there, Olivia. One is the back half; the second is the post-COVID period, which we don't assume occurs in our back half. Let me cover the second one first and then come closer into the back half. When I'm talking about being well-positioned for a post-COVID environment, I'm talking about the mid to long term. I'm talking about the strength of our brands, our strategies and our organization, coupled with what versus pre-COVID will likely be some increase in health, hygiene and clean home consumption of a consumer base that's been through a very difficult and frankly for many of us, life-altering period of time. As we come back in and look at the back half, as I said, we are not assuming the situation changes. And in fact, I've mentioned that I suspect we'll be operating very much as we have for the balance of -- at least the balance of the fiscal year. And I would view the upsides and the downsides in the back half is relatively symmetric. I would view them similar to how I viewed them, how we viewed them when we last spoke. So, that hasn't changed. What's changed is two very strong quarters now in the books, which on a fiscal year basis certainly removes some of that risk and as reflected in our guidance in presses. But, there are just so many things going on in all of our lives and in the world around us, but to assume linearity of any degree is difficult. Think about simple things like rents, like repayment of student loans, like employment, those issues were somewhat offset by stimulus and regulation, for example, in the U.S. in the first half, and it's still unclear exactly what's going to happen to many of those items in the second half. We obviously start getting to higher base periods as we get into the back half as well. And some amount of promotion will move closer off that 26%, closer to something like 30% over some period of time. We'll have to see how that plays out. So again, I think that all the steps we've taken to build momentum in our business pre-COVID have served us very well during COVID, they will continue to serve us well in the back half, and they set us up well for the long term. But, there's a ton of volatility between here and there. Now one way for me to frame that is just think as we were having this conversation last year at this time, and we were trying to prognosticate about what the next six months or the next year would look like. None of us would have had any idea. And if anything, the level of certainty has been -- is less today than it was then. But within that, there are opportunities as well as risks. Sorry for the long-winded answer. I hope that helped a little bit.
Jon Moeller: The situation, Dara, is different by category, by market. So, to generalize is difficult, and I apologize for that. But what I would tell you is in general, when your strategy is based on innovation and superiority in categories where superiority drives brand choice, you have more ability to pass on modest cost increases while improving consumer perception of value because they're delivering more performance at the same time. So, at the end of the day, we get ourselves in trouble a little bit when we look at pricing in isolation because that's not how the world works and that's not how the consumer works. That's not how our retail customers think about things either. So, a conversation with a retail customer would involve a whole host of topics with the fundamental question being, do we have a plan together that grows the retailers business and does so in a profitable way. Very rarely do we dissect the conversation to focus on a single variable. That really isn't in either of our interest. Having said all that, is there anything fundamentally different that should -- that I know today that changes materially our ability to deliver the kind of top-line and bottom-line that we have in the past? No.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Kevin. So, as we mentioned earlier and as you referenced, we did have another strong quarter. We've had a strong year-to-date outcome within e-commerce growing 50%, now above 14% of the business globally. So, you're right, it's not far from closing in on that 20% level, particularly with those kind of growth rates. Without going through all the details, you know that I've always viewed this channel and the development of this channel as being big established and preferred brand friendly, not an adverse situation but a conducive situation for growth. We need to perform in this channel against all the vectors of superiority just as we do in the others. But, when we do that, there’s no reason to expect that the outcome isn't as or more attractive than it is in some of the traditional retail channels. If you look at your question about market share and margin, on an aggregate basis today, different by category by country, but on an aggregate basis, our market share in e-commerce broadly defined, so pure-play and omni is slightly higher, not by much than our brick-and-mortar market shares. And I think that's more reflective of the demographics of the online shopper than it is anything else. Our margins are also, on aggregate, similar across the two channels. So, we were in a very nice place that we aim to be in, which is we want to be channel-agnostic, serve shoppers wherever they choose to shop and be able to do that, as you rightly point out, in a way that's neutral to accretive to share margin and return. I think we're very well-positioned, requires work every day, very volatile space. We keep our eye on the consumer and serving them with superior offerings. Again, in categories where performance drives brand choice, we should continue to do well.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Jason. As we said in our prepared remarks, on a total fiscal year basis, the commodity impact to the bottom line is neutral. So, it not one of the things that I'm actually spending a lot of time on and overly focused on relative to some other things. There has been a recent increase in some of our exposures. But, even if you look at -- if you were to take spot rates versus a year ago and annualize that as one evaluation of what the impact could be, it's modest compared to some of the significant commodity spikes that we've been through the last decade. It's also currently offset to a degree by FX. The other thing is that within the total cost pool, there are significant increases reflected in the current results and in the current margin growth for operating in the environment that we've been operating in. And if vaccinations occur broadly and we return more to normality and economies accelerate and therefore put pressure on commodity markets, I would expect that some of these other costs that we've been incurring would abate. So, much like the COVID impact on categories or markets, there are offsets that we have to consider when we look at commodities. And we need to look at the total picture as we think about pricing going forward, which we will do. But again, I mean, we could be having a very different conversation a quarter from now, but at this point, not a huge concern.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Wendy. Stepping back, our strategic objective in establishing a different approach for enterprises markets was twofold. The first and primary objective was to enable leadership and the broad resources of the Company to focus on the largest markets and most profitable markets of the Company, what we call, not surprisingly, focused markets. And our progress there has accelerated pretty dramatically. And if that's all we accomplished, that would be a major step forward. So, I just mentioned the U.S. and China both growing 12% in the quarter, both growing double digits year-to-date. I in no way want to assert causality. That would be careless. But, there's certainly nothing to indicate that increased focus in those markets has hurt us. It certainly appears to have helped us. So, that was objective one. Objective two was to ensure -- was ideally for these markets to continue to be a source of top-line growth and a more dependable source of bottom-line growth for the Company by moving management of activity closer to the market, closer to consumers actually in the market with consumers, competitors and customers. And that generally has played out well as well. So, we grew -- the enterprise markets grew top-line; they grew bottom-line last fiscal year. We got to a point at the end of the year where we had two countries within 100 enterprise markets that we're losing money, which is a huge step forward from where we've been historically. And importantly, we did that while holding or building market share. So, this wasn't a cost, if you will, to top-line growth and development relative to the market. In an ideal world, to answer your question about the future, we would continue to enable a strong emphasis of resources on focus markets and manage the enterprise markets in a way that are accretive to Company top-line, accretive to Company bottom-line. And I think in a normalized, post-COVID environment, that's possible. But, we're being very selective in where we choose to win and how we choose to do that. And again, we want to be a source of support for the major markets in the Company, both from the standpoint of enabling focus and from a standpoint of creating financial resource to do that while maintaining an option on the growth that these markets represent in the future. I'd be happy to spend more time. It's obviously a pretty full topic. But in general, we're progressing along the lines that we've set out to do.
Jon Moeller: Our relative position with our retail partners continues to strengthen. COVID has exposed some of, for example, the supply chain weaknesses that exist within the ecosystem that have been supporting those retail partners. In general, we've been a source of dependable supply. There are some clear exceptions where growth has accelerated plus 15%, plus 30%, and we don't build our manufacturing infrastructure for that kind of upside, so. But we're catching up here pretty quickly. But in general, we've been a very dependable source of supply. In general, consumers are shifting to known reputable brands. And obviously, our retail partners are consumer-centric themselves. One of the data that support that conclusion, if you look at private-label data as one example, market shares of private label in our categories are down in the U.S. for any time period you look at in the last 12 months. And we're talking significant -- relatively significant declines of up to a point which on their base is not a small number, and the same general dynamic in Europe. So, retailers are looking to serve the changing needs of their consumers, and we do -- we are well-positioned in that regard. Retailers are looking at their assortment. They're also looking at their inventory levels. And there will be pros and cons within that decision set that occur over time. But again, we're relatively well-positioned. The dynamics obviously differ by market, with some markets that are more challenged even than ours from a COVID standpoint, focused almost exclusively on supply. And again, our supply chain sets us up pretty well to serve those retailers. It's early days. We're still working through as are they, the demand and supply dynamics. But I really think our position has been strengthened as a result of the experience and the response that we've all been working on.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Rob. We view our job as focusing on E, earnings delivered in a sustainable holistic way. We view the market's job as focusing on P, and over time, strong E with a strong P, as you know. I'm sorry, I'm being fairly simplistic. In terms of share repurchase and capital return in general, if you go back to the beginning of this fiscal year, our estimated range of share repurchase was $6 billion to $8 billion, and we're now up to $10 billion. So, if you look at the midpoint of the range, 7 to 10, that's almost a 50% increase in our expectation of share repurchase for the current fiscal year. And if you look at the combination of dividend and share repurchase, that's $18 billion, 125% of all-in earnings. We have historically returned more than 100% of all-in earnings in the form of both dividends and share repurchase, I would expect us to continue on that journey. April is the timing in which we would next normally review capital allocation with our Board of Directors, including both dividend and share repurchase. But our belief here, Rob, is very simple. Excess cash is not ours; it's yours or the shareowners and will be, as it has historically been returned to them. In terms of M&A as a part of capital allocation, we've been looking at and executing what have typically been relatively small acquisitions that fill in our portfolio and the categories that we've chosen to compete in, things like Native deodorant, things like This Is L, and then as you know and as you referenced, we looked at Billie within the shave care market. Those things by their size don't, in and of themselves, make much of an impact on our capital allocation choices. So, I don't see any reason today, again this can change tomorrow as well. But as we sit here today, we're pretty committed to the course that we've been on, and I don't see anything that should cause us to run off those tracks. Your question on how I spend my time. So, we're in the middle of transitioning -- Andre and are in the middle of transition, and he'll take over the CFO responsibilities March 1st. I look forward to that, one, because he's incredibly talented, committed and energetic leader; and two, as you rightly point out, that gives me a little bit more capacity to focus on very volatile set of circumstances around the world. I will continue to have Investor Relations responsibility, as I mentioned earlier, from a function standpoint. I'll have responsibility for IT for our global business services, for our sales function, our product supply function, including engineering procurement, manufacturing and distribution. I'll have responsibility -- continue to have responsibility for our market operations around the world. And we'll continue, as you know, to have P&L responsibilities for the 100 or so enterprise markets. So, I've got plenty to do. And I look forward to, as we mentioned, a little bit of additional capacity to focus on each of those items.
Jon Moeller: A strong support for our brands as part of our model and will continue to be part of the model going forward. If you look at the quarter we just completed just in the marketing side of the equation, we increased marketing about 7% year-on-year. I think our levels of support as witnessed by both our share of progress and our top-line progress are appropriate. I would not want to dial those back by any means. But, I expect they'll pretty much move in line with sales with some efficiencies potentially available to us. And pricing versus private label, I really can't conjecture about future price developments, either on our part or their part by regulation. So, I'm going to leave that question alone for now.
Jon Moeller: To the extent that we can maintain a reasonable level of top-line growth, we should continue to be able to maintain a reasonable level of margin growth. So, those two are related. I mentioned in our prepared remarks, it's kind of the third leg of the strategy, which is productivity and continues to be a very strategic and important endeavor, which contributes to margin, focused on superiority and performance-driven categories facilitates at times margin growth. I mentioned our efforts to improve the profitability within enterprise markets. That has legs to it. So, there is a chart that I share with our leadership team in almost every meeting, which highlights the importance in terms of delivering total shareholder return in the top -- the peer group of both top line growth and margin and illustrates how it's difficult to get home without both. That will continue to be our mindset. The drivers will be different depending on the time period. We are not talking about huge increases in margin. We're talking about modest increases in margin that are correlated with our ability to grow the top line.
Jon Moeller: Both categories are benefiting from strong innovation. There's clearly a benefit within the Grooming segment related to more jobs done at home, which is benefit in the appliance side of the business. But overall, the innovation profile in that category and the Oral Care category are what are driving our top line results. I mentioned the introduction of Oral-B iO and the 20% growth in power brush, that's -- we witnessed year-to-date as a result of that introduction, which continues to be very strong. On the Grooming side of the business, whether it's our offerings for sensitive skin, whether it's our new beard care line under the King C. Gillette name, all of those are enabling us to step up, step forward, better serve consumers with all of their needs in that category, and that's reflected in the top-line results that you see.
Jon Moeller: That reference was primarily a U.S. reference, though there's some similar dynamic in Europe. And remember -- so in terms of drivers, you're absolutely right on there being some impact from the November stock up. Also remember that consumer situation has changed measurably from, call it October through to December and then January in terms of the amount of stimulus that was available, the lockdown situations in different parts of the world, the employment situation, all of which can reverse themselves fairly quickly, both from a policy standpoint and hopefully, from a human health standpoint. So, I'm not looking at any of that as a foregone conclusion either for the rest of the year or for the future. But, it's important, particularly when we have a quarter as strong as it is, to be holistic in our explanation of what's happening. So, thanks everybody, thanks for your time on what I know is a very busy day. And John and his team will be available on the balance of the day as well of course I to answer any additional questions that you have. Thanks again.
