Jon Moeller: Sure, Wendy. Let me start with China. Our plans there behind the new initiatives are largely on track. We built share during the quarter in the Premium segment of the tape form and we continue to do very well both in the premium priced tier and the mid priced tiers with the pants business. We've grown from number five player on pants to the number one player on pants which is by far the fastest growing form of the category. As you know in China, we had a large mid-tier business and that business is declining versus year ago. We've taken some actions recently to adjust the rate of that decline but we've made some specific choices in terms of putting our priority in those premium segments and in the pant segment which are growing real faster over the long-term and are more profitable. In the U.S., as we've talked before which is obviously the largest market for us in diapers along with China, there continues to be significant retail competition which is forcing prices down to consumers while that doesn't change the price that we necessarily sell products through to these retail channels it starts driving price points in the marketplace lower which affects businesses like Luvs. So Luvs has much more competition than it has historically had and that's been coupled as well by strong pricing, strong price points on the behalf of branded competitors. So we've made some changes in our Luvs pricing as well to respond to those realities. We have a pretty exciting second half in terms of innovation in Baby Care. I talked during the call about the Pampers Pure launch which we're very excited about and we're continuing to drive innovation in the Pant segment across the world. So work still to do, I think the China dynamic will remain with us for some time, we will continue to grow faster at the top end in pants. Over time, offset in mid-tier particularly with some of the actions we've taken will diminish. We hope to be growing that business by the end of the fiscal year and clearly we hope to be growing Pampers on a global basis as we complete the year.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Olivia. We've been very clear about our intention to invest in superiority across the five touch points which we talked earlier today. That's primarily going to be focused on product, package, communication, and in-store, but where we need to sharpen value equations either at the consumer at the retail level that could also be a target for investment. We intend to continue to keep the bottom-line growing and to be growing margins through productivity which will both provide the fuel for reinvestment and for margin improvement. We really, as I've talked about many, many times before don't view pricing and promotion as high on the list in terms of our options to grow the business. We'll do it when we need to do it but there's nothing proprietary in promotion, there's nothing proprietary in price. We would much rather invest in items that where we can derive proprietary benefits over long periods of time. You mentioned the price impact on the quarter, we've held or grown price inclusive of promotion for 28 consecutive quarters until the one we just completed and for 13 consecutive years. So the preponderance of the evidence in terms of our intentionality around pricing remains. Most of the impact in the quarter we just completed was Gillette which as you know, anniversaries itself in April. And then I talked as well in the answer to Wendy’s question about the pricing that we've taken on Luvs. But generally we're going to be continuing to invest in the business, driving superiority, driving sustainable competitive advantage, doing it in a responsible way, driving margin simultaneously.
Jon Moeller: Sure. So the first thing we mentioned was the pricing impact for Gillette which as you know will roll off in Q4 and that was 30 basis points of impact within the quarter. It would still be with us next quarter but then it will anniversary itself. The second thing we've talked about was 40 basis points impact of U.S. retail inventory reductions. And I obviously won't get into specific customers but in one of our large customers for example spell through another words sale of their products in P&G, P&G Brands was up 1% in the month of December sales to that customer were down 3.5%. So you see a significant contraction in inventory that's happening there and we're seeing that fairly broadly across the board. We expect that will continue into the next quarter because most of the retailer's fiscal year ends are in January. Obviously that's not a well that's I wouldn't expect that trend to disappear, it's not it's largely a one-time item and shouldn’t be affecting us at that level of magnitude going forward. So there should be some pickup there. The Algerian situation isn't a retail inventory situation, it's a government regulation situation where they have forbidden the import of finished product in our categories and most of our business in Algeria supplied through import. We expect that situation but we're obviously working many alternatives and working very productively with the authorities but we expect that to continue to be a constraint in the third quarter.
Jon Moeller: Sure, Steve. The simplest way to think about it is at the level of geographic mix. We delivered over 2% organic sales growth on the quarter. The U.S. was about 1%, slightly over 1% with the balance obviously growing faster than that and as you know our margins in the U.S. are much higher than the balance. We expect in the prior question I talked about, most of those headwinds being U.S. centric i.e. Gillette pricing and the retail inventory reductions. So we would expect absent any other changes to accelerate our growth rate in the U.S. in the back half which should mitigate may not eliminate but mitigate the margin difference. Remember historically whenever we've been in a position where the balance of the world is growing at a faster rate than the U.S., there typically is a negative some element of negative margin mix. Now we're working hard obviously from a productivity standpoint and in pricing where it's appropriate behind more superior offerings clearly doing that in China to mitigate that impact going forward. But in large part it was for the quarter geographic mix.
Jon Moeller: So first of all, let me just talk about the business in total in the U.S. in grooming, generally the intervention plan that we've put in place is working very well. We grew volume for the third straight quarter on the U.S. male shave care business, quarter we just completed volume was up 6% for the category with male shave up 8% and the volume share trends are also improving with share growing 0.6 points in the last quarter. We've just brought the new items to market and are beginning to the commercialization activities behind them; retailer uptake on those items has been encouraging, but really nothing to report from an off-take standpoint yet.
Jon Moeller: Sure. There is a lot within that. Let me go piece by piece. As it relates to the relationship between pricing and commodities, well commodity costs are increasing and they are clearly affecting both our gross margin, our bottom line as we outlined. They have not increased to the point where typically pricing can be taken and hold and held. We're still at a point where if we were to reflect the commodity costs and pricing they would result in price increases that would be relatively modest and that typically wouldn't either A be followed or B be pass-through on shelf. So that's part of the dynamic that you're seeing there and I would assume that's true for other companies though that I won't -- I won't comment on that. In general, slow market growth which we currently face also leads to more competitive behavior in terms of pricing. And that's why in many -- in many ways we've chosen to focus our portfolio where we have which is in categories where performance drives brand choice and why we're doubling down on advantage within those categories to ensure that that performance advantage is clear and noticeable to consumers. We see in many parts of the world, including the U.S., including China, significant growth still at the high end of the market and many categories more growth at the high end than in the low end. So I think you're absolutely right to point to this as a pain point kind of in the immediate present. I think our strategy is designed to find the best path to a better place which is higher category growth driven by products that deliver higher benefit for consumers and I don't see pricing as it's having gone through the sea shift that should reflect your view on the industry long-term.
Jon Moeller: We believe as you know in a balanced approach, we think it's the only way to sustainably build value in this industry over periods of time, we need to be growing our top-line both our markets and our market shares. At the same time, we need to be growing margin. These strategic initiatives and focus areas that I talked about earlier both productivity and the doubling down on competitive advantage and superiority both works in our favor in that regard going forward. So everything that we're doing as I mentioned in the prepared remarks is designed to drive both in a balanced way. We have more work to do as your question obviously points out, I mentioned for example going even much further in the area of advertising, strengthening our programs, increasing reach, but really making a serious effort to eliminate costs that just aren't serving anybody's purpose in that space. We're doing that across the income statement, across the balance sheet, but it continues to be a very, very significant focus.
Jon Moeller: We did increase advertising in the quarter to be clear, we're up about 2%, I continue to expect that we're going to be investing in both R&D and advertising, we're obviously just constructing our plans for next fiscal year. So I don't really have any specifics to share with you there. But its part and parcel of again a very focused around on daily use categories more performance solves -- drives brand choice and product solve problems. We want to be in a superior position both from a communications standpoint and from a product efficacy standpoint in each of those. And as I've indicated, I do believe that our productivity efforts give us the ability to do just that while simultaneously building margins. In terms of market share, we expect to be growing, if you just look at the guidance we've delivered call it 1.5% organic sales growth to-date to get to the 2% to 3% guidance range for the year requires acceleration in the back half. Our markets are growing about 2.5% on an average, so we would expect to get there in the back half of the year. Obviously though what you're going to see which you're painfully aware of may look something somewhat different than that not in terms of aggregate results but in the track channel numbers simply because there's so much more growth occurring in the non-tracked channels where we're building a disproportionate share. But of course we our objective is to hold and build share in all channels.
Jon Moeller: Sure. If you look at developing market category growth, it's around last quarter was around 5.5% and that's up a little bit, we saw an increase an uptick in December. We saw the same thing in developed markets. So I'm hopeful though I don't have any kind of a crystal ball here in front of me that that maybe we have seen the nadir in terms of market growth rates. With the growth of the global economy is pretty much everywhere which of course can come unhinged at any moment. That also bodes well but we're basically forecasting market growth in line with most recent history i.e. the last couple of quarters and will be beneficiaries if it comes in better than that. But I don't get too excited obviously over a move in one month i.e. the month of December but if you had to state the future on that one month, it is a slightly better picture than I've done the case previously. Obviously to the extent that disposable income increases as a result of the Tax Act for some consumers, we would hope that that plays through into higher consumption and we do think that that there's a chance we could disproportionately benefit from that given as you rightly point out that many of our products do require slightly higher outlay.
Jon Moeller: I don't think you're at all off base and again our strategy which focuses on building advantage should allow us to do exactly which you described and you see that playing out through many parts of the product portfolio. If you just look at some of the examples we talked about earlier that's Tide PODS or scent beads or dryer sheets those are all premium offerings on a price per use basis. The same is true with the item that we're dramatically changing the category growth rate within adult incontinence which is this new boutique underwear, I mean that's a clear move to further capture more value in the category. So the strategy sets us up very well to do exactly what you describe we need to do it in an intelligent way, we need to do it in a way which builds value for shareholders, the combination of price and performance and we'll continue to get out that. I mean you don't build price for 28 consecutive quarters and then walk away from it, that's not we're headed here but there will be times when again in response to other moves that have been made, we need to maintain our competitiveness in the market and we're just not going to accept significant share loss from not doing that.
Jon Moeller: First of all any Tax Act related impact is future focused, this is only effective as of January 1st and we're sitting here today talking about results through December 31. If you just think about where we've taken our guidance as a result of the tax change, we took it from 5% to 7% to 5% to 8% up so there is no change in terms of the inherent amount of reinvestment that's planned. All we've changed in our guidance number is reflects the fact that there's a lower tax rate. Our strategy has not changed in terms of how we intend to compete, how we want to be building markets not diluting markets, nothing there has changed. Broadly the competitive environment is not significantly changed. I mean for example just look at private label as a metric as to whether there's a big trade down that's occurring within the consumer set, private label last three years in Europe has been flat as a pancake. That's the largest private label market in the world, there are categories where it increases from time to time but generally we're not seeing a reason to chase lower prices as a result of private label. In North America, over those three year periods private label is up 0.2 share points, it's up in three categories currently and in two of those categories we're building share. So I do not see, I do not expect at all a change in our focus and strategy to deliver value accretive offerings which drive market growth and our market share disproportionately as part of that, all while increasing margins.
Jon Moeller: So China up, you rightly pointed out was up eight last quarter, it was up six in the quarter that we just completed and some really strong so well on track for our mid-single-digits estimate for the year. Some really strong progress in parts of the beauty business, some really strong progress in grooming, strong progress in laundry, feminine care was up double-digits, so overall very, very good. In terms of the positive mix or let me take the question a different way, do we think that SK-II growth is sustainable certainly at attractive levels? Yes. More importantly, the balance of the beauty business continues to be very healthy. I mentioned Olay growth -- or I may not but Olay grew 3% in China for the quarter. Overall global skincare growth was up every part of our beauty business was up versus year ago, hair care was up 3% as an example with all brands up with one exception which was Vidal. So very broad progress in beauty across geographies. So I think that that is sustainable, the main inflection point going forward is to address a couple of the items that that we've talked about on this call and that you've asked about which are grooming and the big help from an index standpoint there just ahead of us and to address some of the issues in baby care which we're being very proactive about.
Jon Moeller: First as it relates to ecommerce, we're building share broadly across our large markets in ecommerce and we've built share in 8 out of 10 categories in the last quarter. So that continues to grow disproportionately. I mentioned, I think in the prepared remarks for example Olay growing 80% in ecommerce in China for the quarter. More broadly as you talk about non-track channels and we've talked about some of this before, If you look at this, let's just take the U.S. as an example what's really happening from a retail standpoint or one could argue is happening from a retail standpoint is that shopping is moving to more limited assortment channels. So the club channels growing very quickly, the discounter channel, small format stores and online which we would argue is a very limited assortment shopping experience, there's obviously a broad array of assortment that's available but the amount of that assortment that's actually access and considered in a typical ecommerce shopping trip is extraordinarily low. And generally, we do well in low assortment environments, you want to feel, if you're going to carry a low assortment or if your shopper is going to expose themselves to a relatively limited assortment, you want it to be that assortment which drives your business as a retailer and that tends to be leading brands. So you see in ecommerce, a disproportionate appearance in the first and second page of a search for leading brands in many of our categories. You see in discount channels a willingness to carry branded products in some categories but typically only, only one or two brands or the market leader. So I would expect and that doesn't mean that we have any inherent right to win in those channels, we need to be very, very competitive and are focused in doing that wherever consumers want to shop. But those dynamics have tended to work in our favor and I would expect would continue going forward.
