Jon Moeller: Thanks, Teri. The perspective I provided at the beginning of the call is relevant to both our results and our outlook for the balance of the year. Starting with guidance for the June quarter. We're estimating organic sales growth in the range of 4% to 6%. We continue to expect to grow volume and sales ahead of underlying market growth rates building market share. Market growth itself remains a key source of volatility in our top and bottom line results. Our fourth quarter outlook is based on 2% to 3% constant currency global market value growth. We expect all-in sales growth of 8% to 10%. This includes a benefit from foreign exchange of approximately 4 points. Earnings per share are forecast in the range of $0.80 to $0.85, up 13% to 20% versus prior-year earnings per share of $0.71. The very strong bottom line growth is expected to be driven by a combination of solid top line growth and modest operating profit margin expansion. The bottom line comparison also benefits from high advertising investment levels in the base period. We're keeping a wide earnings per share guidance range to reflect ongoing volatility in market growth rates, from crisis affecting large markets and in commodity and energy costs.  Moving to the fiscal year. We're tightening our organic sales growth guidance to a range of 4% to 5%. This compares to underlying global market growth for the year of about 3% and reflects our expectation to grow 1 to 2 points ahead of market levels and grow market share. We expect all-in sales growth of 4% to 5%. This includes a roughly neutral impact from foreign exchange and the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures. We're also tightening the core earnings per share guidance range to $3.91 to $3.96, which equates the growth of 7% to 8% versus prior-year core earnings per share of $3.67. This compares to our previous outlook for a 7% to 9% growth and reflects the impacts of higher commodity and energy costs, market disruptions and our intention to maintain strong investment levels behind our innovation and expansion growth opportunities.  For a perspective, the disaster in Japan will affect fiscal year earnings by about $0.02 per share, with a large majority hitting the fourth quarter. Our revised energy and commodity cost outlook results in roughly a negative $1.8 billion before tax impact on fiscal year 2011. This is about $500 million worse than we predicted at this time last quarter, which equates to roughly $0.13 per share. About $0.03 of this hit in the March quarter and the balance will affect the June quarter.  As I mentioned earlier, we've announced a large number of price increases in markets around the world to help offset these cost increases. The majority of these recently announced increases will go into effect in June or July and will primarily affect fiscal year 2012.  All-in GAAP earnings per share is now expected in the range of $3.89 to $3.94. This range includes the impacts of the non-core tax benefits and legal charges from earlier in the fiscal year. As I mentioned earlier, we're now projecting a long-term underlying effective tax rate of around 26%. We expect to end this fiscal year with a core tax rate of around 24%. This is lower than the long-term rate due to the large number of favorable audit results we received during the year. Free cash flow productivity should be around 90% for the fiscal year and we continue to expect share repurchases to be within our $6 billion to $8 billion target range.  We've already received some questions on when we might provide guidance for fiscal 2012. Our plan is to provide our 2012 outlook on our next earnings call, which is scheduled for Friday, August 5.  We're currently in the midst of our detailed financial planning process for next year. While we're not in a position to provide an outlook today, our eventual target for sales and earnings per share growth will be driven by a combination of base business growth and investment choices to support our innovation and portfolio expansion plans. It will also reflect our emphasis on cost savings and productivity.  We want to assure investors that our overriding objective remains to simultaneously grow market share and operating profit to deliver the leadership levels of value creation to the owners of this company. We're confident that our growth and operating strategies are the right ones to deliver top and bottom line results that we and our shareholders expect.  Now Bob, Teri and I would be happy to take your questions.
Jon Moeller: Just to build on that, Bill. Our volume sold on promotion and the last quarter was 3% lower than a year ago.
Jon Moeller: The SG&A question, it's largely advertising, which is in support of our innovation and portfolio expansion plans. There's a small amount of that x impact in that as well. But simplistically, it's advertising. I talked at CAGNY about the fact that our operating margin, our operating earnings progress is going to be skewed towards the fourth quarter, and we talked very explicitly, I think in the Q&A session, at CAGNY about a lower tax rate. So yes, we were aware of a lower tax rate. We planned on that basis and as we said we would, adhered to our strategy despite the increasing commodity cost and spend to support our innovation programs.
Jon Moeller: And I think the notion of sacrosanct is probably right on, Lauren. I think you see a strong evidence of that in this quarter. We're going to execute our strategy. It's working. And I'm not going to worry about $0.01 below consensus on earnings per share, cut back advertising and effect the long-term health of this business. That's not what we're about.
Jon Moeller: Yes, I think John, there's one variable which has kept us in the last couple of quarters from having a very strong top line and very strong bottom line progress. And that's the commodity cost increases, which have just been significant. Obviously, as we articulated our plan, we knew there'd be volatility in commodity costs. We didn't expect this kind of run-up. I mentioned in my remarks that the amount of increase we've seen this year is triple what we expected going into the year. And it simply takes some time to get the pricing in place to offset that and bring through the cost savings that we're very focused on doing. You do see at least from our guidance standpoint very strong top and bottom line growth in the fourth quarter, and we try to acknowledge at the end of our remarks that we are very committed to delivering both of those.
Jon Moeller: Well, I'd say couple of things. One, the tax rate will continue to be lower as I talked about. So it won't be a full annualization of the benefit from this year. The question behind the question in terms of are we willing to make priority calls to be able to deliver both the top and bottom line. The definitive answer is, yes. We have many more things that we'd love to spend on that we're not, simply to try to deliver both top and bottom line growth. And I expect that will continue to be our approach going forward. And you also have to be careful about looking, as I know you know, at just one variable, which is commodity cost. We also have, on the other side of the equation, a relatively favorable foreign exchange development as well, which should enable us to deliver both top and bottom line growth and support a number of investments though not all we'd like.
Jon Moeller: And your question on Fusion ProGlide and the relaunch there, we really just began that. So we expect very good things but it's too early to quote a result.
Jon Moeller: The drag clearly diminishes going forward. As I mentioned, we are back in full supply on most of the items. There are a few we're still working on, and you can imagine from a competitive sensitivity standpoint why I'd not want to get into the specifics there. But that should be a tailwind going forward.
Jon Moeller: But overall, I think it's important just to repeat that we grew organic volume in Beauty on a global basis 6% on the quarter. So that total business is really accelerating.
Jon Moeller: Yes, I mean the SG&A number isn't significantly different than what we would have assumed. And again, I tried to be very clear about this during our dialogue at CAGNY, saying that we didn't expect to see operating margin growth or operating earnings growth in the quarter that, that would be skewed to the back half. And as I mentioned earlier, this entire dynamic is driven really by commodity costs, and we've talked about the multipronged approach both increasing productivity, increasing pricing where we need to, to offset that commodity cost increase. And I don't want to get into should have, would have, could have, but if you step back -- if we didn't have $1.8 billion in commodity cost this year, we would have a fantastic bottom line. And it's our job to deal with that. We're doing that. And doing that successfully should lead to operating earnings growth in the future.
Jon Moeller: Well, in terms of the, first, the commodities question, not everything runs through 3 months of inventory. So, for example, one of the biggest increases and one of the biggest surprises was the escalation in diesel cost quarter-to-quarter and as we went through the quarter. And that flows pretty much straight to the bottom line. And some of the increases as well are in businesses where we historically carry less inventory for instance, our Fabric and Home Care business. And those have come through to the bottom line in the quarter as well. But it's really things like diesel. And if anybody on the line can help me with how to forecast commodity costs, just give me a call, I'd be glad to talk. Advertising this year will be in line in terms of the percentage of sales, figures that Bob quoted earlier. And then in terms of what we're changing to ensure that we deliver both top and bottom line, I'll provide some commentary and I'm sure Bob will want to provide some perspective as well. But we're trying to get even more productive, as Bob mentioned, in everything we do. And that's a very intentional discussion that we have at all levels of the company, and I would argue as I mentioned in my remarks, that we're turning up the dial on that. And that will give us the ability to do what we need to do here.
Jon Moeller: Sure. About half of the mix impact is the faster growth of the business in developing markets. The other half is really product category form of mix. It's really not driven by consumer trade downs. The 70 price tiers that we're entering, category price tiers, are split between higher-priced entries and lower-priced entries. So it's not all lower-priced entries. And the best data I can give you to show you that we're not seeing a lot of trade down right now is the market share contrasts us growing market share and private label largely losing market share. That's not symptomatic of an environment on which a lot of trade down is occurring. So it's really just driven by a different combination of products and categories growing at different rates.
Jon Moeller: And if you look at Oral Care, as one category as you mentioned, we've actually taken a lot of pricing in Oral Care behind a strong innovation. So the Crest 3D White line is an example, is a premium-priced line. Bob talked earlier about pricing taking many different forms. It's not all list price increases on existing products.
Robert McDonald: Relative to the higher margin businesses, as you described them, in North America in particular, the issue in North America is the lack of market growth rate. Jon talked about the fact that the market growth rates we've seen in North America had been below our going in expectation and that actually, in the last -- in the quarter that we're reporting, the market growth rate is actually decelerated throughout the quarter. We are growing market share in North America and many of those market share increases are on the businesses that you described as higher-margined. So we're happy with the fact that we are growing market share, even though we wish that there were more market growth. For perspective, we've grown -- held or grown market share for 13 consecutive months in North America. Now having said that, within that, one business that we're working hard to improve is our Pantene business. We've talked on previous calls about Pantene North America and that our restage earlier in the fiscal year did not go as well as we wanted. We've had a few design in assortment issues that we're working to correct. And in mid-February, we launched 7 new 2-in-1 SKUs and 5 new large-sized SKUs with a new marketing campaign, which have all gotten good strong consumer support and customer support. The brand is going to continue to strengthen plans in the U.S. over the coming months and we have a breakthrough commercial innovation that will hit the market in the September quarter reinforcing Pantene's Health equity. So in terms of the U.S., I'm expecting North American Pantene, which has been the hole in the bottom of the bucket, so to speak, to improve. Relative to China, we continue to have accelerating top line growth rates in China. In fact, through the last quarter, we actually have grown our Asia business substantially. We've grown our Asia market share a 0.6 points and our top line growth in Asia has been double-digits. So we're happy with what's happening in Asia. What we need to do there is we need to get our Olay business and our Olay market share growing more strongly and we're working very hard on that as we speak. So I expect you're going to see over the next few months improvement in the North America Pantene business, improvement in the China Olay business and that will lead to better results for the company.
Robert McDonald: Relative to the volume in sales by region, Bill, let's start with North America. We grew our organic volume in North America 1%. We grew organic sales -- our organic sales were basically flat. In Western Europe, we grew organic volume 4%. Organic sales were up 4%. In Japan, we grew organic volume 8%. Organic sales were up 7%. So in the developed markets, as we consider them, we grew organic volume 3%. Organic sales were up 1%. In the developing markets in Central Europe, Middle East and Africa, we grew organic volume 3%. Organic sales were up 3%. Latin America, organic volume up 9%. Organic sales up 19%. Asia, excluding Japan, organic volume up 15%. Organic sales up 12% as I alluded to in the answer to Nick's question. China is a big part of that. So in developing markets, organic volume was up 9%. Organic sales were up 10%. Total company -- total quarter, organic volume up 5%. Organic sales up 4%, price mix minus one point. Relative to promotion spending, I'm not seeing the acceleration in promotion spending that you're describing. In fact, what I'm seeing is a deceleration and in terms of the pricing that we're seeing, we're seeing that some of the deceleration in promotion is resulting in higher pricing, higher effective pricing and market. So I'm not seeing the effect you described.
Robert McDonald: Lauren, if you look historically, our advertising spend, our media spend has been generally around 10% of our sales and I don't expect that to change. I mean, we're going to continue to invest in our brands. Now as we do that, you'll have to understand while the gross percentage will stay to be about 10%, which is what it has been 9% to 10%, the internals change quite dramatically as we move more and more to our advertising spend to digital and other forms of media, which may be more effective and more efficient. So we're actually getting a lot more for advertising spend than we ever have before, and we have a marketing mix modeling technique that tells us the ROI of each medium. And as a result, we can move money to the more effective medium. So we're getting a lot more for the money that we're spending but the amount we're spending as a percent of sales is about the same. Obviously, given the size of our company, we have a scale advantage versus our competitors who may be smaller and spend less money.
Robert McDonald: Chris, I would say that one of the reasons that Procter & Gamble is one of the most admired companies in the world for the development of leaders and that many Procter & Gamble leaders lead Fortune 500 companies around the world is because of their ability to lead during times of uncertainty and deliver balanced results both on the top and bottom line. And any leader at Procter & Gamble knows that they have to deliver top line growth and bottom line growth. And the way to square that circle is to make sure that we're constantly and consistently working to make the company more productive. That and over my 30 year career, every year, we have increased the productivity of the company 4% to 6%. So we've got to have the cost savings programs in place. We've got to do -- we've got to go after headcount. We've got to reorganize the company. We've got to do the things necessary to make sure we can deliver that bottom and top line growth. Remember our overarching objective is to be in the top third of our peer group in terms of total shareholder return. It's really that simple. So a simple focus on a single metric is obviously not sufficient for the leaders of our company.
Robert McDonald: Relative to the patent protection on Tide PODS, Joe, you can imagine it's quite strong. If you look at our dishwashing business and you see what we've been able to do with the single-unit dose in dishwashing, you look at what we've been able to do, introducing automatic dishwashing on top of the strong hand dishwashing businesses we already have. It's one of the reasons our Home Care business has been one of our fastest-growing businesses around the world and Teri reviewed those results. All of that patent protection is -- exists in the laundry form as well, not just on the chemistry and the film and how that's done, but also on the manufacturing process because many of our manufacturing processes are also patented and protected since there's intellectual property there. So I don't imagine that this is going to be able to be copied in anyway that it will become a threat. We're expecting this form to be a big success. We think it will be up to 30% or more of the volume in the United States. And importantly, even though we didn't mention it in our remarks, this is really a good thing for the environment, and it's a good thing for retailers the liquid form within the pouch, within the packet is twice as concentrated as liquid laundry detergent. So you're going to do a lot better for the environment, a lot better for retailers, a lot better for homemakers in terms of using this product.
Robert McDonald: Yes. I was at Boston yesterday and I reviewed the relaunch plan and I'm very excited about we've gotten great customer support. The inventory is back in the store as we've restarted advertising back at the launch weights, and we have some new campaign executions which you'll be seeing very soon that I think you will really like. So please continue watching.
Robert McDonald: Well, Connie, I think that what we're seeing is, at least in part, the effect of the increasing gas prices. I think what the volatility that Jon talked about month to month from January to March is in part at least affected by gas prices. I also have to say I think it's affected by consumer confidence. And as you see, for example, the S&P rating of the United States being lowered, as you hear politicians fighting with each other rather than getting after what the problems are, that affects consumer confidence. And as Larry Summers once told me, consumer confidence is the cheapest stimulus that can be bought. So we're all hopeful that we'll get back to a situation where the markets will be growing at passed rates and we're ready for that. Relative to birthrates and other things, I continue to believe the U.S. is a growthful market, and it's up to us to make it that way. We have to do that through our innovation. I think you're going to see that Tide PODS, as an example we just talked about, will return market growth to the Laundry category. I think you'll see that Fusion ProGlide will return market growth to the Blades and Razors category. And so we take responsibility for delivering market growth. Relative to birthrate, the birthrate in the United States is shifting. The minority will become the majority by 2040, 2050. And we're still counting on a growing Baby Care business.
Robert McDonald: We're pricing broadly across all region, across all brands. Basically, the pricing that we're taking is not as much as it was in the 2008 period. But nevertheless, it is still across many brands and across many categories. Our intention obviously is to take price increases to offset increasing commodity costs where we can't cost save. We've already implemented new price increases across U.S. Batteries and Blades and Razors and JFM. As Jon and Teri talked in their remarks, in earlier this month we announced to our customers that we're taking price increases across many businesses in North America, powder detergents, Bounty, Charmin, Pampers just to name a few. Taken together, we have implemented announced price increases across brands representing about 50% of our U.S. sales this calendar year. And we're also taking foreign exchange price increases, which is what we normally do to protect the fundamental financial structure of our business and such as in places like Venezuela. And we've increased prices where necessary in emerging markets. We talked, for example, about Tide Naturals and Tide Naturals in India where we increased the price 8% in the quarter that we're reporting on.
Robert McDonald: Jason, as we referred to earlier, the pricing gets executed in many different ways. Some of it is a deceleration of promotion spending and I said that we've seen some of that from our competition already. Some of it gets executed in new items. For example, if you buy a Fusion ProGlide, there's a pricing impact of that versus regular Fusion. Some of it gets executed in different sizing and pricing. We've reduced, we've condensed our powder laundry detergents. We have Tide PODS going out. So this isn't just like you walk up to the shelf and you see the same old package and suddenly the price is a little bit higher. And as a result of that, we're able to get these price increases through. We're able to get them to the shelf, and I actually don't expect them to affect merchandising very dramatically at all. The key is we've got to continue to innovate.
Robert McDonald: It's basic leadership of our company, Doug. There's a difference between our guidance on the top line and our guidance on the bottom line, and then in order to square that circle, you've got to improve the productivity and the profit margin quarter-to-quarter. And if you're an effective leader of Procter & Gamble, you'd do that. And if you're not an effective leader of Procter & Gamble, you don't do that.
Robert McDonald: Well, specifically on the Female Beauty and the Skin, Teri talked in her remarks, I have to find it but that we had to withdraw a number of products that were in the North American market because of the UV protection technology that we were using. We withdrew those products and that had a big impact on the volume for Olay for the quarter as well as for North America for the quarter as well as obviously for the Olay North America combination for the quarter. We worked very quickly to reformulate those products at a record pace, and we're in the process of getting them back into the market and to mitigate the impact of this. But that was a very big impact on the quarter.
Robert McDonald: In terms of the question on China pricing, we obviously can't talk about pricing plans that we haven't announced. And we haven't at this point announced anything in China.
Robert McDonald: I think the -- what we call our purpose-inspired growth strategy of more consumers, more parts of the world, more completely is working. I think we have evidence of that in the market share growth and in the improving profitability of the business as we've guided for the next quarter. And I think that as Jon says, every year, we make changes to our strategies. Every year we get together. We review what we've done in the past and then we make changes going forward. Certainly, the intentionality around cost savings and productivity is high and will be heightened because we've got to be able to deal with the volatility that we face in commodity costs and in lack of market growth. But I think we're on track. I think we're on track with where we want to be. Given the headwinds that we've seen, we may be delayed from the kind of profitability that we want to deliver quarter-to-quarter. We may be delayed by either the lack of market growth in developed markets, the commodity cost increases or some of the natural disasters that have occurred. But I think we're on track and we're going to continue to pursue the track that we're following and be able to have greater agility in dealing with these one-time disasters that occurred.
Robert McDonald: I apologize. I'm not operating at that level of detail but why don't you give Jon a call, following this and he can help you with that.
Robert McDonald: Well, it's -- I apologize for kind of repeating what I said before because the answer is not going to be very different. Certainly, the input costs are an impact in deciding whether or not to take pricing, whether or not you have innovation, what the consumer value impression of your current offering is, what the sizing and pricing differences might be, there are a whole number of things, Mark, that we take to look at, what the competitive situation is, a whole number of things though we take into account. But they really don't differ category by category or even country by country. I would say that it's a relatively common algorithm that gets used everywhere and in every category.
Robert McDonald: Yes, Crest Pro-Health or Oral-B Pro-Health is a price premium to the other items in the line. When we introduced Oral Care paste in Brazil, we introduced 4 different price points with Pro-Health or Pro-Santé on the top. So we take pricing in a lot of different ways.
