Jon Moeller: It is both cost savings programs. We have very strong cost savings program separate from productivity that looks in everything from lower capital costs to lower inventory carrying costs, cheaper and better formulations. It's a very robust program. And then in addition, as we are in all parts of the company, we continue to focus on productivity, increasing sales per employee really across the board. And that's something that we'll continue to focus on going forward.
Jon Moeller: On the first question, obviously, as we accelerated volume growth in developing markets this quarter, there is an impact on top line because of lower sales per unit or prices per unit. And that does translate as you rightly suggest, John, into somewhat lower penny profit on those items versus the case in developed markets. But the margin is really isn't that great, number one. And number two, as I indicated, in some markets we actually have margins that are higher than developed markets and where penny profit is equal or even better. On the top line, this is a dynamic, frankly, what that does for the better part of this decade as our developing markets have grown at a faster rate than the developed markets. It has historically been a drag from a mix standpoint between one and two points per quarter. In more robust economic environments, we've been able to offset that as the premium parts of our portfolio, particularly the Prestige business, the Professional business, the Braun business were the healthier. So going forward, it is dynamic. I think you should expect to continue. That doesn't imply though that we're going to be negatively mixing it for eternity. I would hesitate to give you a date in terms of when the negative mix would dissipate. As I indicated, we're really in the middle of our planning process and we'll have to work through that, but we'll try to provide clarity to that in the subsequent call.
Jon Moeller: Well, as we've said, the gross margins are a little bit lower in developing markets because of the lower price points. I really don't have it in front of me, Chris, the dimensionalization of the exact impact of that in the gross margin for the quarter. If you want you can follow up post the call, we'd be happy to provide perspective on that. But as we've been saying all along, while there will be elements of our activity system be it more value-tier entries, expansion into developing countries and accelerated growth on those markets, that will have a margin impact. We expect to be able to continue to hold our bill margins [Audio Gap]
Jon Moeller: And I would just add that China actually makes the point, vertically tier portfolios delivering higher margins. I mentioned earlier that at some developing markets, we have margins that are higher than developed markets. China is one of those markets. It's one of our most developing market where we have a good representation across price tiers. Just one more point than that, if you look at China itself, one of our best developed portfolios in terms of tearing is the Hair Care portfolio. And there again, we have higher margins on that business than we have on some of our other businesses where the tiers aren't as well-developed. So I think it's a very good example of exactly the point that we think is relevant.
Jon Moeller: First question, the $0.08 is the back half number. It splits fairly equally across the two quarters. In terms of whether we're doing business of the official rate versus the parallel rate, we are translating at the official rate, which is you know now this is much higher than it was. But we are regularly converting bolivars to dollars to support fairly large dollar-denominated purchase needs, such that we don't typically buildup a big balance in bolivars. And, obviously, that transaction, some of it is occurring at the DV [ph] (1:08:16) rates, but a lot of it is occurring at the unofficial rate and gets reported as such in our financial results. So while technically we're reporting at the official rate, in practical terms, there's not a lot of difference between what we're reporting and what would be the parallel rate. I gave up forecasting FX in general long ago, and I gave up for forecasting anything about Venezuela much before that. So I don't have a good outlook for next year. But in general, as we're able to take pricing, which we're doing now in the market to offset the foreign exchange impacts, it should actually be a positive development year-on-year from an earnings per share standpoint.
Jon Moeller: I would just add one point, and then I will get to your question about the guidance for next year. But our innovation program that we've been talking about, and I think you've gotten a sense for, is very robust and is multi-year in nature. And we're very focused on continuing to drive that innovation program in support of our purpose and our strategy. So I don't see any reason that we wouldn't continue advertising holistically as Bob described at strong levels. Relative to the question of whether our earnings per share will be within the range that was described at CAGNY, obviously, it would be irresponsible for me to comment specifically I'm now at this point. I just reiterate two points we made during the call. One that our core earnings per share guidance for this year is now at 4% to 6%, and I described an intention or a desire to deliver better than that next fiscal year.
Jon Moeller: Yes, I just have one comment. I mean, as I look at our quarter, I kind of wish every quarter was like this. Organic sales growth two points ahead of the market. Core earnings per share up 10%. Record cash quarter, if that's not working, I'm not quite sure what is.
Jon Moeller: As I discussed in the fourth quarter, the gross margin benefit that we've been receiving will subside in the fourth quarter. The commodity cost comparison gets less favorable. And that's built in to the guidance that we've provided. And I really apologize, but I really don't want to comment at this point of next year's plans until we have next year's plans.
Jon Moeller: And on the map, what Bob was referring to as market share, what I would referencing is net sales. Organic sales was up 4%, markets were up about 2.5%, but the point of that is a share. And a point is base period dynamics.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, everybody. We're obviously available at the balance of the day to answer any follow-up questions.
Robert McDonald: Lauren, I would also add -- this is Bob. I would also add that our scale efforts are also having an impact of delivering the results with greater productivity. For example, we mentioned March was a record month for our volume shipments. That month was supported by our Olympic advertising, our Thanks, Mom campaign, the first time in the history of Procter & Gamble Co. we've advertised the company in the United States and tied it to our brands. And that's a more productive approach using our scale.
Robert McDonald: Well, Bill, this is Bob. Let me talk first about our share. Share reports are available from March of course, but we're confident that we grew global value share up about 1% above a year ago. All regions have improved sequentially versus quarter two, and all regions, but our Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa should be flat or growing share. Our Household Care business inclusive of Fabric and Home Care and Baby and Family Care is the strongest. Female Beauty and Male Grooming is mixed in share with Grooming up and Beauty slightly down. And Health Care is down slightly, driven largely by Prilosec. Snacks and Pet loss the most value share during the quarter. Share growth will continue in the fourth quarter, driven by our strong innovation program, and obviously, a lower base period comparison. In terms of A&P spending, as you know, Bill, we don't provide specific figures on A&P basis, but I would expect as we release our annual results that the A&P spending as a percentage of sales will be up versus a year, ago and that is behind market increases to support the innovation program as we read and point out. We're looking at impressions being up over 20% versus a year ago. And given the back-half loaded nature of our innovation program, particularly the strength in the fourth quarter, you should assume that, that number is even stronger in the fourth quarter.
Robert McDonald: Bill, if I can just add to what Jon said, because I think it's important that we focus more on the effectiveness of the A&P spending not just the spending itself, it's if you have seen our Secrets of the Mountain movie that we have produced and aired in conjunction with Wal-Mart, it won, it was the number one show for the whole night. 93% of moms liked the movie, 88% thought it was an excellent quantity, 74% rated the commercials favorably. 26% increased the favorability of the brands that were advertised on that show. And in total, the purchase intent for our brands indexed 270%. Research from the Association of National Advertisers indicates that only 23% of moms are happy with the family-oriented programming currently available on television. As the world's largest advertiser, we have a responsibility and an obligation to improve the quality of that programming. And as I showed by these numbers, it's in our best interest to do that because it makes our advertising more effective. So try not to just focus on the spending, but also focus on the quality of the advertising and the context in which it's aired.
Robert McDonald: Wendy, this is Bob. As we've talked, our growth strategies is to touch and improve more consumer lives in more parts of the world more completely. That requires us to build our portfolios vertically in terms of price tiers and consumer benefits. Horizontally, in terms of the number of categories in every country, and horizontally in terms of adjacent categories. When you're in China, you saw that we're only in more than a dozen categories in China, whereas in the U.S. we're in more than two dozen categories. The per capita spending on P&G products in China is only $3 per head per year. Here in the United States, it's over $100. We have a very discreet, very concrete plans to fill out those product categories and to get all categories in all countries over a period of time, metering those investments to make sure we deliver at the top of our peer group in terms of total shareholder return. So every country building blocks, we talk about it, we work on it all the time and we want to satisfy every consumers needs. With the purpose like ours of touching and improving lives, there's no reason we should stop trying to get every consumer in the world, as long as we can continue to deliver the shareholder returns that we need to deliver to be in the top of our peer group.
Robert McDonald: Andrew we are happy with the pricing we've taken. As Jon said, the price impact was about one point this quarter. A year ago, we priced up averagely 5% across the entire company across all categories. And we're doing what we have to do pricewise to stay price competitive. Having said that, that's not the focus of our efforts. The focus of our efforts are to touch and improve lives with our innovation program, and generally many of our innovations, as Jon, talked about, are premium priced like Gillette provide. And some are lower priced like Tide Naturals in India. So were just doing what we have to do the one Q2 in the consumer value equation and we are attempting to do that through innovation through the strongest innovation program that we've had in my 30-year career.
Robert McDonald: Sure, Nik. I understand that the it appears that some of our competitors' organic sales growth rates in Beauty are rebounding faster than ours. And I want to address that. We're seeing increased interest in our Beauty Care segment. Most of the growth rate differential for this year's March quarter is really explained by weaker base periods for our key competitors. The two-year stacked growth rate is equal to the key competitors. In other words, if you take the two-year rate for Procter & Gamble versus the competition, they're roughly, roughly the same. We're also being impacted by the strategic decision to rationalize our Professional Hair Salon portfolio. And you kind of mentioned that, which should enable bigger and more global innovation. An example of this rationalization is the divestiture of Johnson products to Rustic Canyon at the end of March. And the divestiture of Lowanda [ph] (1:06:24) to SAG Holding at the end of May. We've got several large initiatives shipping in the June quarter, including the restage of our Pantene lineup. Remember, Jon talked about our Pantene North America results being depressed by de-stocking in preparation for the relaunch of Pantene, the biggest relaunch since we launched the brand in North America. And we're also introducing things like Gucci for Men in the June quarter, all of that we expect will lead to accelerated growth.
Robert McDonald: Ed, relative to Frédéric Fekkai, we're happy with the launch that we've done. We've upgraded the Fekkai product in salons, and it's doing well. And we've taken the classic product into retail in somewhat exclusive distribution or more exclusive distribution. And we're happy with its results as well. So it's off to a good start. It's selling for the pricing we sold it in for, so we're happy with the results so far albeit early days. Relative to channel shift, I would say that we are seeing some channel shift to some discounters at the low end, but we're also seeing channel shift at the high end where people our returning to what you would consider to be a higher-priced stores or a parallel is starting to sell more where higher-priced items, more discretionary items are starting to sell more. So there appears to be just as we were describing the need for a full portfolio. There appears to be consumer shifting depending upon what end of the economic spectrum they're in and how they've been affected by the recession. Some of the channel shift we're actually trying to create, Olay Professional selling in a grocery store at about $40, $45 provides better skin effect than a $300 priced item in a department store. And that also is shifting channels. Pantene in the U.S. we had a campaign talked about Pantene being more efficacious than the salon brand that you would get in the salon, and that obviously shifted some channel as well. Yes, a channel shift is happening. Some of it is impacted by us. But some were also impacted by the economic impact that the individual consumers felt.
Robert McDonald: Remember, our goal is to build market share profitably, and we are now doing that. So by our standards, this was a good quarter, and we're going to continue following the same strategies.
Robert McDonald: Alice, it's Bob. Developing markets were up mid to high singles and developed markets were up roughly a point in terms of value. North America, Western Europe in terms of value were up about one point. Japan was down about a point, that gives you developed up about a point. Developing was up about seven points in terms of value and it was a pretty tight shot group with some markets up about four and others up as much as 12 in value. So we said the market value growth for the quarter was roughly 2.5 points.
Robert McDonald: We did say that, Bill. And while we did include more cells in the pack, that was a reaction to some pricing we faced in the marketplace. And there was no intention to make that a permanent package. Nevertheless, the dynamic that has changed in the marketplace most recently is some of our retail partners have chosen to de prioritize the Battery category about a year ago. And we now have work because retail partners to help them understand how much sales they've lost. And they have decided to put new priority on the Battery category. And some of that new priority is what you're seeing part in the volume growth this quarter. I suspect that will continue, particularly as we approach the holiday season. I think Batteries will continue to be a very important category for our retail partners. And we will continue to work to grow our market share.
Robert McDonald: Well, in the Health Care it's strategically important to us. We do want to grow our business particularly in OTC or consumer-directed Health Care. We're still in the midst of divesting or disintegrating our RX business. So while we've announced it, that's not over. we're are still in that process. We're also in the process of building the Health Care brands we have already and taking advantage of their equities. And I'm encouraged by some of the work going on there. We still do suffer from the Prilosec entries that the competitive entries versus Prilosec, obviously, and that have a big impact on our numbers. And last, we are working to expand our Health Care portfolio, but I don't want to disclose what we're doing because that's competitively sensitive.
