Andre Schulten: Sure, morning, Lauren. Yeah, so as you said, in the data at this point, we continue to see favorable price elasticities relative to historic elasticities we've observed. Elasticities are better by about 20% to 30% versus what historical data would have indicated. That's good. But looking forward, we certainly have our eyes wide open and watch for any change in terms of consumer behavior. And as we say, we prepare on multiple fronts. I think the first level of protection here is the portfolio we've chosen to play in. We've moved out of discretionary categories into categories that are daily use, health- and hygiene-focused, where performance truly drive brand choice. That allows us to continue to invest in superiority, which we are doing consistently. Even though we see cost pressures, we continue to invest in superiority in every category and every proposition. That is probably the best protection. And consumers are rewarding us with continued trade-in and continuous trade up, which you see in the share numbers to date. The superiority also allows us to translate product superiority, for example, into value superiority more directly for the consumers. So that's the second intervention I would describe. So we are more proactively turning true product superiority into value claims that we put on tech, use in our advertising. One example is the Ariel cold -- Ariel and Tide cold water wash that I have mentioned in the prepared remarks. There are other innovations like the ADW, the automatic dishwasher myth buster, stating that even with eight dishes, it's more efficient to use the dishwasher than cleaning the dishes under running water, the latest easy squeeze innovation on Dawn that allows the consumer to use every last drop without any compromise on performance. So those are examples that we're turning into value plays to have consumers understand more easily the value that is coming by using P&G propositions. We have intentionally built price levels in every brand and across brands to ensure that we have offerings for consumers. If they feel they are budget constrained, they can trade within the P&G brand offerings. So on diapers, we have multiple offerings, starting with Pampers Pure at about $0.40 a diaper, Swaddlers at $0.35 a diaper, Baby Dry at $0.30 and Luvs at $0.20. These price ladders exist in all categories and offer the consumer a choice within the P&G portfolio. We are also, which is part of our pricing execution, protecting key price points, key value price points for each offering. So consumers can choose different cash outlays as they shop based on their available cash at the moment of shopping. The last element, we intentionally built distribution across all channels and invested in all channels. And that includes channels that consumers that are more budget constrained would migrate to like hard discounters in Europe, like the dollar channel in the U.S., for example. So building distribution across those channels to be able to serve the consumer where they want to shop is the last element I would call out. So, all of those leave us in a better position than we've ever been to deal with the potential consumer that is more budget constrained. To-date, we're not seeing that come through.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Thanks. Morning, Bryan. You're right. Over the past three quarters, you see pricing and productivity continue to increase a bigger portion of the commodity, foreign exchange and T&W gross margin impact. In quarter one, this covered 37%. In quarter two, we covered, I believe, 43%, and now we're at 53%. So you see a bigger portion being covered over time– [via] (ph) those effects. We will continue to drive all three levers to recover the dollar impact of commodity cost increases, foreign exchange and T&W. Productivity will continue to play a significant role. We have a lot of runway left on productivity. And as the supply situation stabilizes here over time, we have more line time and more resources available to reinvest in cost of goods savings. And that will allow us to strengthen our productivity muscle here sequentially, hopefully, over the next few quarters. We will continue to drive innovation. We have prioritized innovation in our resource and line time allocation to ensure that we can continue to offer superior value to our consumers, which also enables us to take pricing and see these relatively benign elasticities at this point in time. So you continue to see us invest in innovation. With innovation, we will try to take pricing at a very granular level by market, by brand. A lot of the price increases that we have announced are yet to flow through. So you will see an incremental contribution to the top line and to gross margin recovery over the future. The other price increase is already announced, and we will have to carefully evaluate more opportunities to take pricing. It will take time to recover the full dollar impact. And as we said before, it's more important to us to support the business model, support innovation, support superiority, execute pricing in the right way and recover gross margin and cost impact over time versus rushing to do this faster. So, you should expect sequential progress. I won't give you a specific timeline. We will continue to use all three, productivity, innovation and pricing.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Thanks, Dara. Good morning. Look, China, the lockdowns had two impacts in China for us. One, on the supply side, we have two plants in the Shanghai area and the contract manufacturer. Those obviously were shut down for now an extended period of time. So we had to activate our business continuity plans to offset as much of that production impact as we could. And we're certainly seeing a significant impact in terms of consumer demand. About 25%, I think, was the Wall Street estimates of consumers are somehow impacted by lockdown. That is impacting our consumers' ability to reach stores, grocery stores, department stores. Even online shopping is significantly constrained due to the inability to deliver. So we certainly see a significant impact from lockdowns. Latest read of market size in our categories over the past three months through March was flat in terms of value in China. With the continued lockdown and the difficulties in the market, we would expect April to be flat to negative. In terms of category detail, Beauty is significantly exposed to China. As you know, a bigger part of Beauty is -- of the Beauty business is in China. SK-II continues to be under pressure due to the market effect and channel effects in China. So that dynamic has not changed. The longer-term story on China based on historical results, which has been extremely strong over the past three, four years, as you know, we've grown high singles, low doubles in China. We believe the market continues to be a very attractive market for us. We expect categories to return to mid-single, high singles growth. We have a very strong organization, a very strong supply chain, a very strong R&D organization in China. So we remain confident, and we will continue to invest to capture the growth in the future.
Andre Schulten: Okay. Thanks, Robert. So in terms of pricing run rate for the quarter, on average, we have a five point contribution to top line. As we said, pricing will continue to increase as more of the price increases flow through. So I would say exiting the quarter, I would see about a 6% run rate to top line from pricing contribution. So you will see more of the pricing that has been announced, and that will flow through in April for the flow through in quarter four. Pricing elasticities remain favorable. And within the portfolio that we offer to consumers, we broadly see a trade up into higher price propositions that offer better value and better product performance. So – and that explains the mix effect that you see in gross margin, where we see higher unit sales items being chosen with higher penny profit, but slightly lower gross margin. So consumers are trading into single unit dose detergents instead of liquid detergent. Consumers are trading into body lotions instead of Baby Dry in diapers. So we see consumers trading up even within our portfolio into higher-performing product propositions. The relevancy of – or the relevance of product performance in our categories, we believe, is the reason why consumers are not trading down. We've had an extensive period of trial during the early COVID phases, where consumers have traded into P&G. They've experienced the superior performance of our propositions. They've seen the relative value that we provide. Even though the cash outlay might be higher, they see the higher efficacy of the product and the benefit that they gain from it. And we've seen repeat rates reaffirming that. We believe that a good portion of the resiliency of our demand is driven by the superiority of the product and packaging, clear communication of the benefits basis, clear communication of the value, good retail execution and carefully crafted price increases that allow consumers to choose the cash outlay they feel ready to afford and to choose the brand and brand proposition that they are looking for. So I'll leave it at that.
Andre Schulten: Morning, Kevin. Thank you. So category growth rates are holding up well. Fiscal year-to-date, global category growth in the categories we compete in is 5%. We expect that to continue at around 5%. Category growth in focus markets is 5%. Category growth in enterprise markets is 7%. So it's a strong 5% on a global level. It's fairly consistent. Enterprise markets have been growing past three, six and 12 at 7%. Focus markets have gone between 4% and 5% over the past three, six and 12 months. So if anything, in the most recent reading, we've seen strengthening of category growth. We're also pleased with the fact that we see P&G leading and disproportionately contributing to category growth in most of the markets we're competing in, via innovation and via leading innovation and thereby driving category growth and participating in that category growth via share growth. So overall, we feel good about the level of category growth. We're seeing slight acceleration across the periods P&G contributing via our strategy of driving market growth, via superiority investment and innovation. And that certainly is benefiting our growth and is in line with our growth model we want to drive because the only way to sustainably grow at these level's by driving market growth and then participating in that growth via shared growth.
Andre Schulten: Okay. In terms of priority, our priority remains a reasonable recovery time on the dollar impact of commodities, foreign exchange and T&W headwinds across all categories. We will do this in a way that provides value to the consumer, provides a superior proposition to the consumer by combining it with innovation. There is no time line for us that forces us to recover gross margin over a certain period of time. We want to return to margin expansion, and we will. Our balanced growth model requires us to drive top line, bottom line but also reasonable margin expansion. So there is continued commitment to return to that point, but we will do it in a way that provides the right value to the consumer in every brand in every market at any given point in time, so we can serve consumers in the best way possible and maintain business momentum. To your second question on foreign exchange rate pricing, across markets, foreign exchange rate pricing is a reality we're dealing with every day, we've been dealing with for years. Nothing different to report in terms of elasticities, it's being executed in some markets, more pronounced. You've seen us taking significant price increases, for example, in Turkey, significant price increases in Argentina. So those are being executed. The organizations know very well how to do those, and they are baked in our forecast and guidance.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. Good morning, Nik, look, we're not seeing it. We've seen consumers trade into P&G brands and trade up within the P&G brand portfolio throughout the pandemic. Every quarter this fiscal year, we've seen consumers continue to trade up within the P&G brand portfolio into higher premium propositions across most categories. That's the mix effect you've seen on the gross margin and the positive mix effect on sales. So we continue to see consumers stay within the P&G portfolio and many consumers actually trading up within the P&G portfolio as they see the benefit of those higher premium propositions. As we've said before, we don't take that for granted. We don't assume that what we're seeing to date is necessarily an indication of what will happen in the future. We are very well aware that consumers might end up looking at budget constraints. Where we see, for example, private label losses reducing, we continue to see P&G growth. So even private label coming back so far is not impacting P&G's ability to grow within those markets or within those market category combinations. Our best defense to serve the consumer in a more budget constrained environment, other point we've talked through from the portfolio focus that we're operating to superiority to value plays, cash outlay choices, price ladder choices, distribution across our channels. So I come back to those elements that we control. That will serve us well, I believe, even for consumers that are more budget constrained and looking for choices.
Andre Schulten: All right. Thanks, Chris. PHC had a fabulous quarter, as we point out. Part of that certainly is the stronger cold, cough and flu season. It's 57% stronger in our estimation than last year's season, which was abnormally low driven by the mask mandates and everything else going on, a slightly stronger season than average by about 4%. But importantly, North America Vicks, for example, was able to outpace that season growth, plus 123% growth versus the season, which drove about 1.9 share points over the period. So within respiratory, season recovery is certainly a big point, but mix growing ahead of the season recovery and building share. The growth is also broader than just respiratory. Digestive organic sales are up mid-teens, and fleet is up nearly 30%. So the breadth of the portfolio is performing even beyond just the season recovery. So we continue to be very pleased with the results of the PHC portfolio and certainly see significant future runway there. On quarter four, sales guidance, the only thing I would say is as we mentioned before, we do not assume the favorable price elasticities to hold. In our forecasting, we assume price elasticity is to return to normal levels that we've seen historically. That's the only thing I'll let you know. And the rest, I think, is fairly clear.
Andre Schulten: General comment over time, Kaumil. We're not forecasting gross margin or gross margin guidance here, too many moving pieces. But over time, we remain committed to building gross margin as part of the balanced growth model.
Andre Schulten: Yes. Thanks, Mark. We're very confident in the Beauty portfolio. If you look at the performance of this portfolio over the past five years, it's been just outstanding, right? The core portfolio has grown sales more than $3 billion over the past five years, profits more than $1 billion, significant shareholder value creation and 26 quarters of uninterrupted growth. So the core portfolio has been performing extremely well. And as you say, there are a number of headwinds that we see as temporary. China and the dynamics in China certainly being one of those significant dynamics, which is impacting the broader Hair Care and Skin Care portfolio, but also the broader impact on SK-II as it comes to the travel retail shutdown during the COVID period and the impact of China on the SK-II consumption with department stores being closed down and even some of the online business being hampered. So there are a number of temporary effects that we see. We -- you have seen us announce a few portfolio additions, acquisitions over the past months that are focused on the premium and super premium segments in the category. We believe that's a growth opportunity beyond the core portfolio in specialty channels. So we've proven that strategy with previous acquisitions like First Aid Beauty. And so we want to build out the portfolio in the premium and super premium segment in addition to restrengthening the core. So there's certainly work to do to address the opportunities in China on the core business, rebuild strength and momentum on SK-II and further help our business to serve premium and super premium consumers and specialty channels in the US and outside the US. But we're very confident in the core focused portfolio and some targeted additions via acquisition that we tucked in, which set us up for future growth in the Beauty category.
Andre Schulten: Yes, I can start Peter, and then maybe Jon wants to add a few points here. But overall consumption is holding up. As I mentioned, market growth, 5% of focus markets, 7% in enterprise markets. That's certainly an indication that overall consumption in all categories is holding up well. There are some natural -- not natural, but logical switches. So when we think about, for example, our Grooming business, the Appliances business has experienced significant growth during the pandemic as more and more jobs that were done in salons and barbershops moved in-house. So folks -- people bought these appliances, experienced the fact that they can do the job themselves, and they continue to do so. But once that need is satisfied, appliances sees a decline versus that peak in terms of incremental job growth and incremental overall growth. At the same time, there's a natural hedge within the Grooming portfolio. So blades and razors were under pressure, as more people work from home and stayed at home. With reopening, that part of the category resumed growth. So there's a hedge component within Grooming, for example. Within anything that is health and hygiene related, I think consumers continue to put more emphasis on jobs to be done. They spend more time at home. So we continue to see our categories to benefit from both effects. Paper towel consumption continues to be increased by more than 10%. We'll see where bath tissue ends up once supply is unconstrained, but more time at home certainly would speak to more in-home consumption versus away-from-home consumption. The only part where we saw a little bit of a decline was anything that has to do with household -- surface disinfection, surface cleaning. That's a relatively smaller part of our portfolio. But as consumers get more used to the right balance there, we saw a little bit of a decline. But overall, all categories still benefiting from more time at home and higher focus on health and hygiene and certainly Beauty and Personal Care-related categories benefiting from reopening.
Andre Schulten: Yeah. Thanks, Andrea. So Baby Care share is improving significantly in Europe and in North America driven by major innovation that was launched in the market, both in Europe and in North America. We will continue to build on that share momentum. We will continue to drive superiority via incremental innovation, investment in brand communication, go-to-market execution. We've also been able to enter some new parts and grow some new segments within the Baby Care category. When you think about launches, for example, in North America, that's a category that has been relatively quiet, it serves children between 5 and 12 with all the night bed-wetting issues. And reentering that category with a creative and relevant proposition allowed us to grow the category mid-teens and at the same time, build an 8% -- 8% to 9% share position within the category. We continue to build share in pants. Pants is a trade-up category in Europe and an opportunity in North America that allows us to grow our position as well. So broad innovation in terms of true product innovation, but also new jobs to be done and communication. Fem Care, we are seeing big success in both adult incontinence, but also in the most premium propositions in Fem Care. The biggest growth, for example, in Fem Care pads in North America is driven by Infinity, our most premium proposition, which is a unique proposition from P&G form based pad, delivering superior comfort and absorbency. Again, same formula, significant – significantly innovating in relevant ways for the consumer, investment in communication, retail execution allows us to drive overall market growth and share growth. On cold and flu, I don't have much more to add, Andrea, versus what we said before. We are growing ahead of the segment in terms of respiratory with strong innovation in Vicks. And we are growing the balance of the portfolio in terms of absolute sales growth and share growth, be it sleep or digestive. So overall, we feel there's significant runway left on our PHC portfolio, and it's playing out in the market.
Andre Schulten: I'll start, and I'm sure Jon has a few points to add here. But generally, discussions with retailers work better if your business comes from a position of strength. Consumers are looking for your propositions. Velocity at shelf is strong. You have innovation programs that are credible and tangible and meaningful for consumers. You have in-store programs that are meaningful for retailers and consumers. You have an ability to communicate and support the advertising, both in digital as well as in mass advertising. And all of those things hold true as we entered this commodity inflation cycle. P&G came from a relatively strong position in terms of superiority. We continue to invest in innovation. Products on shelf, we're doing well. And that sets up a good discussion with retailers about future growth potential, the need for pricing, which is very clear, given the inflation cycle and the reality that it's broad-based within multiple industries. No guarantee that, that will continue. It will also -- it will always be, as we said before, a very careful balance for us between productivity, innovation and pricing.
Andre Schulten: All right. I think that concludes the call. Thank you for spending time with us today. John Chevalier and I will be available all day if you have any other questions, so please feel free to call. You know where to find us. Have a wonderful rest of the day.
Jon Moeller: Hey, Robert, this is Jon. Just a couple of other pieces of perspective on this, and of course, it's a rapidly evolving situation, and this could change tomorrow. But if you look for data points to support Andre's comments on consumer resilience, you obviously see them within the internals of our income statement as you mentioned. Also, if you look at private label shares as a proxy for trade down, they remain below a year ago in the US for the past three, six and 12 months. They remain below a year ago in Europe for the past three, six and 12 months. And if you look at market shares across channels, Andre mentioned earlier that we're -- we've worked to improve our distribution in channels where consumers with more of a budget challenge are inclined to shop. Our share growth in those channels, entirely consistent with his points, are some of our highest share growth across retail banners. So in the dollar channel, for example, significant share growth. Again, we'll have to monitor this very closely. Things can change tomorrow. But as we sit here today, it looks like the moves we've made to focus the portfolio in daily use categories where performance drives brand choice and deliver on the performance aspect across the vectors of superiority and be very granular in our pricing executions is holding up.
Jon Moeller: Yes. Market growth is something that doesn't happen to us. We need to positively impact it ourselves, which is exactly what Andre just said. And that's what we're trying to do through our strategy. I would also say, Kevin, that if you look at the last quarter, there are several negatives within the quarter from a top line standpoint, several challenges that we've been working against. We've talked about China, our second-largest market, down mid singles. We've talked about the unfortunate situation in Russia and the Ukraine. One thing we haven't talked about, except indirectly, is that we're still racing to catch up with demand in our largest market, the U.S. But we're not fully supplying the market's demand. And all of those, hopefully, over time or some of them at least offer even additional upside as they reverse themselves.
Jon Moeller: No, I think you've covered it. And Olivia, first of all, it’s great to hear your voice again. And obviously, we can't provide any more granularity than Andre already has in terms of where price -- future price increases would occur. That's not something that's legally permissible.
Jon Moeller: So just one other point, Wendy. You asked – the question that you asked is the question that we get asked by the organization every day, which is which of these matters most, essentially top line and continued share progression or bottom line and earnings recovery. And the answer always is both. It's Andre's balanced point. We need to do both or we get out of balance, and the wheels come off. So we need to continue, and we'll continue to invest in top line momentum as we recover the commodity costs through combination of pricing, productivity, et cetera. So that's – it's both.
Jon Moeller: There are a lot of mileage benefits in some of the higher-priced products that we need to proactively communicate, as Andre mentioned earlier. That -- the assumption that just because something is higher priced, it costs me more per job is not a valid assumption, and we have to help people understand that.
Jon Moeller: Yeah. Our retail partners are also competitors in most cases, with their own label offerings. And because the increases and costs are so significant, they need to be able, in most cases, obviously, entirely at their discretion, but they need to be generally able to raise pricing on their own brands. And when that's true, that becomes less of an issue, not a non-issue, but less of an issue for us. And I think the biggest change that's occurred over the last several years in our dialogue has been a more deliberate and overfocus on our part on market growth and on being -- and a commitment to be a disproportionate contributor to market growth. At the end of the day, a retail partner doesn't care what our share is. What they care about is what their sales are and are they growing or not. And we need to be a source of that growth. And when we do that dependably and reliably, as Andre said, it changes the nature of the conversation. And that becomes the focus of the conversation as opposed to other things. We have an opportunity in better serving our retail partners with supply as we've talked about several times, and we're working to address that. That's important in terms of continuing to serve them effectively. But that contribution to market growth sustainably and dependently changes world.
