Jon R. Moeller: That's a lot of questions, Olivia. I'll try here. First of all, innovation is the antidote to slow market growth, and so it is definitely something that we continue to focus on and invest in, and we want that to be guided by this notion of irresistibly superior products and packages, because we know that when we do that, we can affect the rate of market growth. I gave you the examples earlier of PODS and Downy Unstopables, which clearly do that, and that market growth is so important, as I described, explained in the U.S. laundry example. It, historically, has accounted for the majority of the company's growth. So we are very focused on maintaining our innovation leadership. If you look at the most recent IRI Pacesetters report, we had five out of the top innovations as measured by revenue in the last year, and that's a focus that will not go away. In terms of affordability, that's important, very important. There are multiple dimensions to that, including package size. I mentioned part of superior execution is ensuring we have the right package sizes in the right stores and channels, but one of the main endpoints there is affordability for consumers. Affordability, though, also is affected by efficacy and how well a product meets the need for which a consumer purchases that product. And that has to continue to be a significant part of our focus as well. Generally, we found when we can create superior value, holistically-defined, so combination of the experience, how well the product meets my need, the price of the product, how easy it is to find and use, that price isn't a barrier. That doesn't mean that we don't need to be sharp on our price points. We do, and you've seen us take several moves over the last year to get sharper on price points, but we're going to continue to be driven primarily by the concept of value and value superiority. You asked about spending on sales. We've talked for a couple years now of that being one of the reinvestments that we want to make, and there are two or three elements to that reinvestment. One is ensuring we have sufficient coverage across an increasing number of channels and formats. The second, and very, very important, is ensuring that we have, where it's economically possible, dedicated sales resources with experience and mastery in a category, serving a category on an end-to-end basis aligned with the profit owner of that category. And then the third is the capability to allow us to really step up our in-store execution. As I mentioned, both execution in-store but also the monitoring of that execution on a real-time basis to ensure that we get it right as frequently as possible. So hopefully that gets at the gist of your question.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Dara. Your question on motivation for change is, simply put, winning. Clearly, the current environment makes that an even bigger challenge so that also informs the choices here, but the motivation is, very simply put, winning. We view the changes that we've talked about today, some of which, for instance, productivity we've talked about before, but we've tried to give you a better sense of the kinds of things we're going after to give you more confidence that that is something that's well within our capability to deliver. But these other things we're talking about, while relatively simple conceptually, are significant interventions. They're not significant interventions in that they disrupt organizations, but they're very significant in improving our execution, the delight that a consumer experiences with our product and package. We just have to get even better at that more consistently across markets, across categories, across brands. And again, as I've mentioned, when we do that successfully, all of our history tells us that we can affect the market growth rate as opposed to become a victim of that market growth rate. And you can see it very clearly across the portfolio where we have achieved this much new higher standard. It's working exactly as I described in most cases, and generally where we haven't, it's not. We're just in a very tough environment, and parity doesn't cut it in that environment. As Olivia mentioned, certainly parity at a higher price doesn't cut it. In terms of what's around the corner, what we're talking about here today is significant, both in terms of the investment, the effort, but more importantly, the result that we think it'll have on the business. And really what you should view this as is taking this new 10 category portfolio, better positioned from a profitability standpoint for growth, and now executing and driving that growth while continuing to increase profitability.
Jon R. Moeller: No, good questions, Kevin. Thank you. In terms of the mix dynamic within that segment, that is largely geographic mix which gets to your second question. The sales outside of the U.S. were basically flat for the quarter, and I'll come back to that, so all the reduction is being driven by the U.S. and as you know, those are our most profitable cases and higher price cases. So that's simply what's going on there. In terms of the non-U.S. markets, and your point about them historically offering us growth is exactly accurate. Really what's happening is that we're annualizing a significant launch on the ProShield product in Europe, so Europe was down 5% with that in the base, but that's largely a base period dynamic. The way I would view Grooming broadly is pretty solid outside the U.S. Very strong progress on the female side of the business with Venus. We have a U.S. dynamic that's driven both by societal trends and by increased competition, which we're addressing very explicitly as you know. We've talked about that before. That's something that did not affect the results in the quarter, so that's still to come. But even before that, we're seeing, to your question on the Shave Club and other competitive dynamics, if you look at U.S. shave care volume shares, over the past 12 months, we're down 3.6 points. Over the past three months we're down 0.8 points. For the past month, we're up 0.7 points. And so part of that is annualizing a difficult period. I readily acknowledge that. But there's underlying progress that we're starting to see in terms of the share from a volume basis, and again, that's before the price reductions and the other interventions hit the marketplace. So again, very simply it's appropriately an area of focus, good business outside the U.S. Venus is going gangbusters. We've got a U.S. issue which we put plans in the market that have not yet taken place fully to address that.
Jon R. Moeller: Yeah, so from a U.S. standpoint, total company, sales were down one point, and so the balance was up two to three points.
Jon R. Moeller: Especially in developed markets. Developed markets are flat, developing markets were up three points in the quarter.
Jon R. Moeller: So overall share is still a small decrease, about 0.3 points over the past three months. If you split that across developed and developing, we're largely holding share in developed. We're flat versus year ago over the past three-month period. Most of the decline is in developing where we're down 0.6 share points. The majority of that is in China as we've talked, and is primarily driven by the Baby category where we've lost significant share because we don't have a competitive product, much less an irresistibly superior product in the premium, taped segment of the market. We have an entry that we're very excited about that will launch in August in that segment in China that's being sold into the trade currently. The testing on that product against some of the metrics that I described earlier is very encouraging so we're hopeful to be able to address that. The other major area of share loss we've already talked about this morning which is U.S. Grooming. So there's a market dynamic, and there's a share dynamic. And again, we've talked there about the steps we've taken to address that. Now sorry for mixing questions here, but getting back a little bit to Kevin's question as well, that is going to have a negative impact on top line growth in our margins in the near term, but it should improve our volume share position and allow us to both increase consumption, or at least remove a barrier for consumption, and be more competitive, allowing us to restart the cycle of growth on both the top and bottom lines. If you look at top-50 category country combinations as another measure of share progress, we held or improved our share position in 36 out of those 50 markets, sorry, our share trends in 36 out of those 50 markets. So we continue to make progress, but we're not yet where we want to be. Two big items: Baby Care China, U.S. Grooming, we're on it.
Jon R. Moeller: Thank you, Bonnie. First, an important point. Irresistibly superior does not connote more expensive. It may in some cases. In other cases, it may not. And remember, we talked about superior execution as well, part of which is superior value equation holistically defined. If you talk about the retail universe broadly defined, what's driving most of their behavior is a search for their own organic growth, and foot traffic is an important part of that growth. Frankly, irresistibly superior offerings drive that traffic, and our retail partners look for us to play that role in their portfolios. It drives typically market basket, which is also something that's very important to them. So you're absolutely right to refer to the transforming retail trade landscape as something that we need to manage with, and frankly, I think there's no better tool available to us than exactly what we described. If we can bring to the market indispensable brands and products at a superior value equation and provide an in-store experience that provides value and delight to the shopper wherever she chooses to shop, we're going to win and our retail partners are going to win. And if we don't do that, it's hard to see that the outcome will be positive.
Jon R. Moeller: Great questions. To your second question first, we need to be day in and day out driven by the consumer, and what they want and prioritize. So the notion of irresistible superiority does not move for a nanosecond away from that focus. And remember, we talked about superior value equation as part of the dynamic and look at the move that we're making in the U.S. razor category. So I'm very concerned here that there's a misperception that a bar of irresistible superiority in products and packaging denotes higher prices or that we could get driven by a slogan and not by the consumer because that's not what we're all about here. And there's another aspect to irresistible superiority which is across the pricing ladder. So we want – take razor as the perfect example. Ultimately we want an irresistibly superior disposable razor that he or she believes is being offered to them with a superior value. We need an irresistibly superior product and package in the three-bladed systems segment of the market. We need the same thing at the high end of the market. So it's a very granular approach across, if you will, segments of consumers within an individual category who we're choosing to serve and each of those consumer groups that we're choosing to serve, we need to be relevant for and have that superior product. What is the number of categories that will respond to this? Remember, as we constructed the new company and the portfolio that we're going forward with, one of the screens, and it was a very intentional screen, is what drives purchase decision in that category? And we want to be in categories that are consumed on a daily basis and where purchase choice is driven by the ability of a product to meet a very specific need and where addressing that need is very noticeable and obvious to a consumer. And if you think across the product categories that we're in, if you're purchasing a laundry detergent, a baby diaper, feminine protection, anti-dandruff shampoo, deodorant, that's not an experiment for you. That needs to work. You're buying it for a reason. And if we can offer you a product that meets your needs in a superior way to other offerings, our categories tend to be very responsive to that. On the packaging piece, the increase in the amount of business that's done through e-commerce does not decrease the need for superior packaging. In fact, in some ways it increases it. There are product integrity challenges that are created by the e-commerce logistics channel that we need to address. And that's the Air Assist packaging I was talking about. That's one of the things that it's designed to address. There's also kind of a new moment of truth, if you think about it, in an e-commerce purchase. There's the first moment of truth which is on the site. There's the second moment of truth when you open that brown box and what's inside of it and how is that packaged. And that can be a delighter or that can be a detractor and we want that to be a delighter. And then of course there continues to be the next moment of truth which is the use of that product and it needs to perform in an irresistibly superior way. So also, 95% of the business that continues to be in bricks and mortars retail stores, that packaging is very important in terms of informing brand choice, educating, communicating with consumers, attracting her to the shelf. So I don't see packaging as being an area that should receive less attention going forward. If anything, it should receive more.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Joe. Clearly there are dynamics around a major price change in a category, in a market, both as it relates to our brands but also as it relates to competitive behavior that a change to the dynamics within the window that perceives that period of time. I would have difficulty quantifying that for you, but there was certainly some impact associated with both order patterns and competitive behavior. The – sorry, I'm now forgetting – oh, slower market growth. The honest answer to your question, Joe, is I don't know. We think that the reduction in retail inventory levels was driven primarily by the consumer pattern that I describe in the U.S. that occurred in January and February, and we have seen a rebuild of some of those inventory levels as the consumer came back a little bit more strongly in March. April frankly is slowing a little bit. I don't know what that means. And you know, you have to realize we're talking about pretty small changes on the margins. They have a big impact on our results in any one quarter, but it's hard to look at that and understand therefore what the future looks like. There's nothing systemic that makes intellectual sense which would indicate why inventories should contract dramatically. Both retailers and ourselves still have significant out-of-stock opportunities to address. The last thing a retailer wants is a customer, once they've finally attracted her or him to their store, to not find the product that they want to buy. So I don't see anything systemic. I think this is more month-to-month volatility, management of cash positions as you rightly pointed out around quarter-ends. I expect that volatility to continue but I don't see a systemic trend one way or the other.
Jon R. Moeller: First of all, relative to the guidance, there's a range for a reason. And I won't project where within that range we'll necessarily be. Time will tell. But I did mention in our prepared remarks that year to date, we were at the low end of that range. So I wouldn't necessarily assume a dramatic acceleration of the order of magnitude that you cite would occur in the fourth quarter. Having said that we certainly don't expect, given current market growth – it's all going to come down to market growth, quite frankly. And that's going to be the biggest driver in the difference between the fourth quarter and the third quarter. We progressed on shares in the third quarter but the markets were down. If we continue progressing on shares and markets continue to be soft, it'll be a soft quarter. If we continue progressing on shares and the markets pick up, it'll be a better quarter.
Jon R. Moeller: Good question, Steve. Let's step back a little bit. What we talked about doing this year was improving incrementally both the top and the bottom line, driving productivity to facilitate reinvestment, and we're right on track with those objectives. We're on track to deliver our going-in plan on the top line, our going-in plan on the bottom line. Going forward as I mentioned, we're still constructing the details of the plan for next year, but we would expect to improve again on both the top line and the bottom line. So sequential progress continuing to increase the number of category country combinations where we are winning. We've also talked very clearly about the need and our commitment to balanced top line and bottom line growth. And there's not a scenario here that we're anticipating that would violate that expectation, so the productivity facilitates the reinvestment. It also allows us to continue to increase the contribution from our bottom line. And in terms of the question of cost of competing, to the extent that we can continue to stay ahead of competition, where we are offering a benefit that the consumer prefers at a price that she sees as a significant value, there's no reason why these investments shouldn't pay off. But it's also why establishing this higher benchmark for how well these products need to perform and how effective the package needs to be against each of its objectives and how well we need to communicate those benefits, it's appropriate to do at this time.
Jon R. Moeller: Well, I think you effectively have that through the segment data and the data that we provide you on the website. But each of the segments grew in the quarter with the exception of Grooming which we've talked a lot about, appropriately. So the growth is pretty broad-based. Our best performing businesses from a top line standpoint right now are ...
Jon R. Moeller: Much prefer talk about our growth. Just kidding. I'll tell you what. I'm going to have John get back to you on that, okay? I don't have that sitting right here in front of me.
Jon R. Moeller: We're making significant interventions in both Beauty and Baby currently. Beauty, our largest hair care and conditioner innovations in quite a while, were introduced into the marketplace in the U.S., for example, in the January-March quarter, so that's what you see being reflected there. Also investments in Olay. On Baby, we're making big investments both in improving product superiority, for instance, in China, as I talked about, but also participating and leading the rapid growth in the pants segment of the market, where we are now market leaders, and that's paying off extremely well. In terms of exact investments by category, that's what we're going to have to determine as we go through our planning process for next year, but let me remind you again, we are committed to a balanced approach to grow this business, growth on the top line, and growth on the bottom line with strong cash performance, and there's not a scenario that we would anticipate that would differ from that expectation.
Jon R. Moeller: That's a very interesting question. First, let me just comment on the progress on e-commerce. I mentioned earlier, organic sales grew 30% online in the quarter. It's now 5% of our business, maybe it's about a $3 billion business. It's primarily focused, but not exclusively, in the U.S., China, and in Northeast Asia, particularly Korea. China is about a $1 billion business online currently. I would expect that'll be 20% to even as high as 30% of our business within the next 12 to 18 months, so that's moving very quickly. Korea, it's 40% of the business today. The U.S. development in e-commerce is very different by category, with some of the bulkier and heavier products appealing to people online, so they're not having to fill up their shopping carts with those items, baby diapers, as an example, but also items were more specialized attention. Skin care, for example, is seen as a benefit. In terms of the broad statement on preference for development of this channel versus other channels, we want to be in a position to be agnostic. We want to serve consumers in a superior and delightful way wherever they choose to shop. There has been a lot of talk though about kind of the other side of your question, which is what happens to big brands, businesses like P&G in an e-commerce context, and is that good or bad? And we actually believe that it's good, that we can be very effective in an e-commerce world, and our market shares currently bear that out. Our online shares, on an aggregate basis globally, about equal to our offline shares, and as I said, the growth rates, not just from a growth standpoint but also from a share growth standpoint, are currently higher online than they are offline. There are two kind of discussions that occur relative to the online environment, and people who prognosticate the demise of big brands in that environment refer to lower barriers to entry, and they refer to what I'll call the land of endless assortment. And clearly, there are lower barriers to entry, which is a threat to our business but is also something we can benefit from if we're proactive about it just as well as anybody else can. From an assortment standpoint, if you actually look at shopping behavior, a typical shopper exposes themselves to a lower, smaller assortment online than they do offline. When they go to the store, they're exposed to what's ever there. Very few shoppers click through to the third or fourth page of a search, and what typically shows up on the first page of a search are the more popular offerings, the larger offerings. And then there are tools, whether it's subscription or other tools that allow us to increase the loyalty of those consumers to our brands. So there are many aspects of that environment, sorry for being so long-winded, that we see as real advantages and that we can exploit. But we also like our odds in brick-and-mortar environments, which continue to comprise 95% of purchases of our products.
Jon R. Moeller: Beauty care has been continually improving. I think this is our sixth quarter in a row of organic sales growth. We have some very strong brands within that. Certainly SK-II is one of them. Head & Shoulders is another one. Pantene, on a global basis, has been doing very well. Some of our personal care businesses have been doing well. So I don't want to give you the impression that it's – we're very happy with the progress on SK-II, but it's not carrying the show in its entirety. We still have opportunities in Beauty, as well, in the hair care line, some of the smaller brands. We just relaunched and re-staged Herbal Essence which is doing extremely well. That grew 6% in the quarter versus a year ago. But we still have work to do on Aussie and Rejoice as an example and within skin care, we're still making progress on Olay. But six quarters of growth we'll take, and we have very strong plans going forward.
Jon R. Moeller: Great question. Growth rates, not a significant change this past quarter versus recent quarters but continued strong. I'm really glad you asked the question on the supply chain redesign because it definitely enables us to improve our ability to serve the consumer in an e-commerce environment and to better serve both e-commerce retailers and bricks-and-mortar retailers. There are several aspects of this. One is getting the manufacturing facilities themselves and the distribution centers in the right places in the markets relative to population centers that allow us to bring products to consumers, whether it's in a e-commerce fulfillment environment or a bricks and mortar environment in a very efficient fast, and very efficient low-cost way. And the way that we were set up before with factories kind of all over the place, the design being simply an artifact of history, we were not set up well to do that, and that was one of the motivations that caused us to move to this new model. There are significant opportunities, and I mentioned actually I think perhaps in the last call, within that supply chain redesign to improve our ability again to serve e-commerce consumers but also bricks-and-mortars consumers. And the whole idea of being able to get kind of our lighthouse if you will, that's being able to produce eaches, so single packages in rotation. So as they're ordered, at the same cost that we're producing large batches of product today. And we have a lot of pretty exciting progress in that area with robotics and other things. We still have a lot of work to do, but that's where we want to be from a customer service standpoint and a consumer delight standpoint ultimately in the supply chain vision.
Jon R. Moeller: No, don't be sorry. That's a good question. First of all, where we drive market growth, we almost inevitably build share. This is not walking away from share, and we've talked about the importance several times on this call about market share. What I'm trying to say is if that's all we do, if we gain a small amount of share of a market that's stable or declining, that's a small victory. A large victory is driving market growth and capturing a disproportionate amount of that growth, and there's huge value creation in that. So these are not separate concepts. They augment each other. And the sustainability of growth that occurs when we're driving market growth is much, much higher than if all of the growth is simply coming from somebody else. Because they have their economic realities, they have their investor realities, and the response to that is very predictable. So for example, when we went into the adult incontinence category, we had a very, very clear objective, which by the way is not just important for us. It's important for our retail partners. Imagine the presentation that occurs when you walk into a customer and say I've got this great idea. We think it's going to build two share points. Why do they care? They typically don't. What they care about is does this grow their business in total? So that when we launched into the adult incontinence business, we had a very clear objective that we communicated with our retail partners, that our job was to grow that category. And we basically doubled the growth rates in both the U.S. and Western Europe as a part of that launch and are doing very well. We've obviously, as a part of that, built our share from zero to meaningful share. So again, those concepts are not divorced. On the whole question of premium and consumer choice and preference, I would say a couple things there. First, we want to be irresistibly superior at all relevant price segments of the market, not just in the premium price segment. What that allows us to do, if we do it well, is offer products – razors is a good example, disposable products – at a slight premium to other disposable offerings, re-bladed systems, high-end systems. Each of those offerings, because that consumer segment defines itself, we want to be superior in. But that does not lead to a notion that we're going to focus entirely on premiumization of the business. We're going to focus on superiority. Relative to price sensitivity, there are very different things happening in different markets around the world and very different consumer behavior across segments. China is premiumizing rapidly. Our biggest problem in China is that we're not premium enough. And that's, for instance, what the Baby Care launch is designed to address in the Baby Care category. That's what the Oral-B toothbrush launch was designed to do and it's working very well. So this notion that the categories have become commoditized and that there's only one shopper and all she cares about is price, doesn't care about product benefit. It's just not true as we look at our business, both on a U.S. basis and on a global basis. In many parts of the world including the U.S, our fastest-growing offerings are some of the premium offerings. Now, I don't want that to be mistaken as that's where we're going to premiumize business. That's not the point. But where that consumer exists and wants to purchase, we need to be available and relevant. I mentioned the growth of the bead segment. Strong double digits. That's a premium price offering. Tide PODS and Gain Flings!, those are premium priced offerings. And again, I'm not referencing those to suggest that that's entirely what we we're focused on, but where there's a consumer that wants that, and I mentioned earlier, we want to keep the consumer very much entirely within our focus, we're going to serve that consumer. And I just don't see the environment that's being described. I see aspects of it and certain consumer segments for which price is a more important part of their value equation and we need to serve that consumer. But there are many different behaviors that are occurring across the world.
Jon R. Moeller: So as I mentioned to somebody earlier, I don't really know the answer here, Bill. What we saw, and that I do know, was significant decline in category growth rates, I'm talk about the U.S. now, in January and more significant in February with a rebound in March. And April is, by all indications, relatively soft. And I don't know what all the drivers are of that. And we're just going to have to see as we go forward. And as I said, that's going to have an impact, hopefully a positive one, but it will have an impact on our results both this year and next.
Jon R. Moeller: Thanks, Jason. And thank you for reminding me of Ali's first question. I kind of got lost in the bigger question. Most of that benefit related to the gain on the sale of an office facility, and so that's what drove that. There were also some other impacts, but that's the most significant one. In terms of the question on mix, and the last question on savings flowing through to the bottom line, the mix impact in the quarter, the easiest way to contextualize that is that that is almost entirely driven by two things. One is the change in the growth rate in the U.S. which is our most profitable business. So we had a business that was down in the U.S. When that happens, just because of the relative profitability of the U.S. business, we're going to have a negative mix impact. That's not our plan going forward, so as that reverses itself, that mix impact should largely disappear. The second piece of that mix impact, think about it through a different lens, through a product lens, our U.S. grooming business is a very profitable business. And so when that is down, from a top line standpoint, that also creates a negative mix impact. We have the plans in place to address that. So I don't expect, course, I don't have a crystal ball, I don't know what relative growth rates of categories and markets are going to be for the next five years. But nothing that's happened in this quarter changes my view in terms of what the likely long-term result is, which, as we've talked about before, is balanced top and bottom line growth. I've told you that we can't get to where we want to get without – we can't get there entirely through the top line, we can't get there entirely through the bottom line, we need both. And margin expansion is a part of that. The amount of savings that ultimately come through, we'll be working that as we formulate our plans next year, but the productivity purpose is twofold. It's to support the investment in all the activities that we talked about today that drive the top line, and it's to provide opportunity to grow margin.
Jon R. Moeller: So thank you very much for spending time with us today. I realize we went through quite a bit. I'm very happy to take time with you later today or over the balance of the week to answer any questions you have, or to go into more detail. Thanks a lot.
