Bob McDonald: As Jon tried to indicate in his remarks about our innovation program, we feel sorry that we had to cut them short, we had to try to summarize. Our innovation program is happening all over the world. We’re spending behind the innovation program to get the awareness and trial objectives we need to grow market share profitably. There really is not an unevenness in our spending country to country or innovation to innovation. It’s spending behind the innovation program, it’s spending behind the core business and the whole idea is to grow market share profitably.
Bob McDonald: I would say we’ve just started. As you know, we’ve turned our purpose, touching and improving lives into a strategy. Touching and improving more lives, more parts of the world more completely. Jon gave you some examples of how we’ve been expanding the portfolio vertically, horizontally, and into adjacencies in his remarks. We’ve really just started.  Remember we’ve been in China since 1988, we’re only in about 14 categories, and we lead all of them but one. The spending per capita in China is only $3.00 a year on Procter & Gamble products. That compares to the United States where we’re in over 25 categories and the per capita spending here is $100. We’ve got a long way to go but we started to journey. Getting the portfolio right is strategic and we’re working to do that so we can touch and improve more lives.  Not surprisingly there is a direct correlation between the number of categories we’re in, in each country, the market share we have in each country, the profit margin we have in each country, and how many lives we’re touching and improving, and importantly the growth rate in each country. Getting the portfolio right is strategic and that’s our focus.
Bob McDonald: I would also add that any business that we have that is not growing market share profitably we are impatient to get that share growth. Jon mentioned that we expect on a company average basis we’ll see share growth in the March quarter but as we talked we have to make some interventions to get that share growth. We talked about the intervention we’ve made on batteries, that’s an example of an intervention we’ve made to get share growth. Our innovations and the marketing behind those innovations coupled with some of these interventions we’re hoping to get the majority of the portfolio to share growth by March. We’re on our way there, we’re on track.
Bob McDonald: Jon talked about cash and a lot of the outstanding cash discipline we have has been around our management of inventories both our internal inventories as well as external inventories with our retail customers. As a result of that, our shipments and consumption match up pretty dog gone closely and we watch it weekly, daily but we review it on a company wide basis with the Vice Chairman weekly. It’s running pretty much one to one.
Bob McDonald: In our prepared remarks Jon said that shares naturally lag shipments. The shares we’re talking about are shares that are a few months old. We also obviously look at scanner data as well as off take from our distributors. That’s what gives us confidence in saying that we are making progress in growing market share around the world profitably. That market share growth is generally coming from places where we are innovating, where we have the right consumer value, where we are doing a good job marketing, getting the trial and awareness that we need of our business both core business as well as new innovations. As we look out, remember we said that the innovation program is getting stronger in the second half. That’s one of the things that gives us confidence. Also as Jon said that we don’t see a large amount of pervasive pricing activity in the second half. That’s what gives us confidence to see that that trend in share growth will continue.
Bob McDonald: If you go to a country like India, for example, where our baby care growth has been very strong, we have mothers with arguably lower disposable income then those of us in the United States choosing to buy disposable diapers rather than having their babies not have any diaper at all or use cloth because they know that that disposable diaper will help their babies sleep through the night which will aid their development and obviously be better for the mother as well. I think this idea that this economy is causing everyone to trade down is a little bit overly general and too broadly applied. Innovation and improving lives is really what is critical for us on a consumer by consumer basis.
Bob McDonald: Our shares in the pharmacy channel are roughly 20% in Brazil. As Jon said, we’re now expanding into other channels as of January.
Bob McDonald: As we look forward, obviously there is uncertainty as to what the underlying market growth will be. As we’ve said, we have the strongest innovation program we’ve had over the last 30 years or so. We have a very clear strategy of getting our portfolio right all over the world. We want to continue to make the investments necessary to get that portfolio expanded around the world. We are cognizant that we have to do that in a responsible way and deliver the profit necessary, that’s why we’re talking about growing share profitably.
Bob McDonald: On the European matter the legal reserve, we and other companies have previously reported, we’ve reported for the last three years in our annual report that there’ve been a number of ongoing anti-trust inquiries in Europe. The reserve relates to potential liabilities resulting from those inquiries. As Jon said during his prepared remarks, this reserve relates to a couple of countries in Europe but there are a number of ongoing inquiries being conducted by competition authorities in Europe. These could result in additional liabilities.  It’s too early for us to reasonably estimate the total amount of fines to which the company will be subject as a result of these various competition law issue. Again, it’s an industry issue, many companies are involved, these are one time in nature and they won’t impact our investment in the business.
Bob McDonald: Our Q2 organic sales growth was due to the underlying marketing growth of about 3%, again I’m rounding these off to integers. Inventory rebuild about 2%, share growth as we said not where we want it to be about 0%. About 3% market growth, about 2% inventory rebuild. The organic volume growth was strong in every region and that’s what drove organic sales to the high end of our guidance range. As I said, even with retailer inventories contributing about two points we’re watching those inventories and working with retailers all over the world. As you know, de-stocking as retailers do actually benefit the Procter & Gamble company because we create market leading brands. The leading brands are usually the ones that end up being on the shelf and end up selling more.
Bob McDonald: Basically we gained market share, again this is through November, remember these numbers lag our shipments quite substantially. We gained share in places like Latin America. Our share was basically flat in places like Western Europe, Asia. We lost a little bit of share in North America. The biggest change was really in Central/Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa where the economies plummeted quite precipitously last year. As a result we had to take substantial pricing and as we take that substantial pricing our competitors typically do not follow us immediately. That’s where we lost the largest amount of share over the last three months through that November period.
Bob McDonald: We don’t expect it to impact the Wella business. In fact, we introduced a new more advanced Fekkai for the professional channel before we took the classic Fekkai into retail. Just like we have Eukanuba in pet specialty stores and we have Iams in grocery stores. Our principal as a company is to have our products for sales wherever the consumer wants to shop, whether that’s online, whether that’s in the specialty store, or whether that’s in a professional salon.  We’re going to continue to do that but we also recognize we have a responsibility to work with retailers and consumers to differentiate those offerings based upon the consumers who shop in those specific channels. You can still get and can still use a professional Fekkai in department stores and in salons but you will also be able to buy the classic Fekkai in your normal retail outlets, they are different.
Bob McDonald: As you can imagine I’ve met with most of the major retailers recently. I think it’s a very encouraging environment. The industry is moving to something we call new ways of working together. It’s supported by people like Mike Duke at Wal-Mart, people like Lars Olofsson at Carrefour, Sir Terry Leahy at Tesco and all of our other partners around the world. Which for the first time retailers and manufacturers are going to work together focused on delighting the consumer. Previously there was a lot of antagonistic behavior between retailers and manufacturers so I’m actually encouraged that the new consumer goods forum which I’m obviously part of, I helped sponsor the operational excellence group, is focused on new ways of working together where retailers and manufacturers can work together to help reduce costs, provide better value, and delight consumers who shop in retail stores.
Jon Moeller: One area is clearly the more discretionary categories. Teri talked in her remarks about the fragrance business, salon hair care and Braun. We are seeing sequential improvement in the market size reductions for those categories but clearly those are areas that we’re not growing at the rates we expect to longer term.
Jon Moeller: Our general objective, as you know is to grow our business one to two points ahead of market growth, which obviously is consistent with an objective of building market share. We’re looking at currently projecting market growth of 2% to 3% for the fiscal year which is an improvement versus the last time we’ve all been together when we were thinking it was about 1% to 2%. If you look at that 2% to 3% on the year compared to sales growth on an organic basis of 3% to 5% I think that gives you the breakdown that you’re looking for.
Jon Moeller: As you can imagine this is a very fluid situation. We’re constantly managing, as you know, our value metrics versus competitive offerings. We respond to those on a real time basis. I don’t want to get overly granular on a number. The directionality of our commentary both on the 10% of the portfolio and the 1% of sales I think still hold. In no geography are we leading price declines. We’re responding to gaps that we see and we’ll continue to do that. I don’t think you should expect broad based pricing activity.
Jon Moeller: As we’ve talked before, while there has been some dynamic of trade down, I mentioned clearly the market size impact on discretionary categories, we’ve continued to fare well in the premium portions of the market. Teri mentioned in her remarks our progress on Olay Pro-X, the Fusion business up four share points in the last quarter clearly isn’t indicative of a consumer who’s willing to spend for value driven by performance. There are other examples. Its not one size fits all.
Jon Moeller: In general, obviously I don’t want to comment on pricing strategies in this kind of a setting. We’ll continue to watch this. Any move that we make will obviously be weighed with consumer value in mind and be made on a comparative basis relative to how other competition is responding. It’s clearly something we’re watching given the commodity cost increases that you appropriately mentioned. Beyond that I think it would be inappropriate for me to comment specifically. 
Jon Moeller: I wish we had a crystal ball that allowed us to predict things like 100% de-valuations but we don’t. The $0.05 to $0.10 is incremental to what we were expecting previously.
Jon Moeller: I would add one point, the point of momentum. Volume we were down two points in JS and in this quarter, depending on how you want to look at is, whether it’s 5% or 3% its significant progress versus the prior quarter growth rate. Going forward we talked about growing the business sequentially we’re guiding to 4% to 6% organic sales growth with volume ahead of that slightly in the third quarter. There may be some inventory impacts as you sight but the general trend is continued very positive.
Jon Moeller: In terms of market growth, we’re seeing stronger market growth in developing markets then developed markets, obviously not back to the levels that it was. China is growing again. The markets that were most severely impacted by the economic crisis namely Eastern Europe and the Middle East have bounced back the sharpest. Markets like Latin America and India which really weren’t affected by the crisis continue to grow.  We’re seeing growth in developing markets at healthy rates albeit below historical levels. We’re seeing modest growth in developed markets from a market standpoint. Our business split really in terms of volume growth is about four points of growth in developed and about six points in developing.
