Jon Moeller: Thanks, Teri. Our guidance for organic sales and earnings per share growth for the fiscal year is unchanged. Our outlook for organic sales growth remains at 4% to 6%. Where we land within this range were driven by two factors: underlying market growth rates and our ability to grow ahead of market rates. Based on the strength of our innovation and marketing plans and our share progress to date, we believe we can continue to grow one to two percentage points ahead of market growth. Regarding market growth, our organic sales guidance assumes global markets growth 3% to 4% for the fiscal year. This is predicated on developing market growth of 6% to 8% and developed market growth of 1% to 2%. We saw 6% to 8% growth in developing markets in the first quarter, the developed markets were at the low end of the range, up only 1%. We're updating our guidance for all-in sales growth to 3% to 5%. This range is one point higher than prior guidance. We now estimate that foreign exchange will reduce sales by 1% to 2%, and we expect the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures will be a neutral to one point addition to all-in sales growth. On the bottom line, we're maintaining our earnings per share guidance range of $3.91 to $4.01, which equals growth of 7% to 9% versus prior year core earnings per share of $3.67. While we've seen some modest improvement in foreign exchange since the beginning of our fiscal year, we're also seeing, as we often do, an offset in increase in commodity costs. We encourage you to consider these countervailing forces as you update your projections for the year just as we do when we provide our guidance. Also, as we've said on a number of occasions, we provide the guidance range versus a single point estimate for a reason. We won't change foreign exchange or commodities or back off on investments simply to deliver a top of the range number or an external estimate. Our actions will continue to be guided by the desire to advance our strategy and by our overwriting objective of creating long-term value for our shareholders. As far as share repurchase is concerned, we continue to outlook a range of $6 billion to $8 billion for the year. Moving to the December quarter, we're estimating organic sales growth in the range of 3% to 5%. We expect all-in sales growth of 2% to 4%. Within this, we expect foreign exchange to reduce sales by about 2% and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures to be a one point addition to sales growth. On the bottom line, earnings per share is estimated in the range of $1.05 to $1.11. This compares to a very strong base period in which core earnings per share was $1.10, up 22% versus the prior year. The base period included very strong gross margin that was aided by favorable commodity cost and marketing spending that was back half weighted due to initiative launched schedules. In this year's December quarter, we're seeing commodity cost increases and we're fully invested behind our innovation and portfolio expansion plans. I mentioned these dynamics because it's important for our shareholders to understand that core earnings per share growth guidance are down 5% to up 1% should not be interpreted as an absence of savings or a significant step up in spending. To the contrary, the earnings per share growth rate is mainly a function of the dynamics in the base period. In closing, as I said earlier, we're very pleased with the start of our fiscal year. Organic volume was up 7% with broad-based growth across our biggest geographies and brands. Organic sales were up 4%, in line with our expectations, and price mix improved sequentially by a point. Market share continued to increase on a global basis, and we held our grew share in the large majority of our top countries and brands. Earnings per share was above our expectations and we continue to fully fund our innovation of marketing programs with our good progress on cost savings. While we still have more work to do, the solid start of the year is evidenced that our purpose-inspired growth strategy is working. We're touching on improving lives of more consumers and more parts of the world more completely with the continuation of innovations from last fiscal year and a full pipeline of new innovations and geographic expansions. We're better integrating our plans across categories and geographies to operate more fully as one company and were simplifying our operations, reducing cost while increasing our productivity, efficiency and agility. Now Bob, Teri and I will be happy to take your questions.
Jon Moeller: First, let me comment on the overall levels of savings. The 150 basis points of savings is a cost of goods number. As you know, our savings program is comprehensive across our various spend areas. We also had about 60 basis points of savings in SG&A. So in total, over 200 basis points of savings. That level of savings should be sustainable in the near to mid-term because of our intentionality of focus in those areas. And in terms of our desire to what are we going to use those savings for, we'll continue to use them to successfully execute our strategy, expanding the geographic portfolio, expanding the product portfolio and investing behind that, while delivering the earnings per share growth rates that we've talked about both this fiscal year and on an ongoing basis.
Jon Moeller: Yes, we will be pricing in two areas, one where we have a currency devaluation pressure. We've been executing that relatively successfully. The other is behind our premium innovations, whether that's Fusion ProGlide, has that expands globally? Crest 3D White, has that expands globally? But if you just take a look at the math, if you will, if you take our unit sales rates in the first quarter or actual rate that we delivered, and you bring those out across the balance of the quarter and index them to prior year unit sales growth rates, you'll see that on the math alone, we pick up three points of growth in price mix, and that's why we continue to be very confident that the price mix gap will narrow. As I mentioned, most of our price reductions will be annualized by the second quarter, so you should begin to see the full benefit of this pickup in Q3.
Jon Moeller: I can really only contextualize it in the context of our activity and what we're doing. And as we said many times, while we are fielding promotions to generate trial on our new brand initiatives, promotion is not a significant part of our overall strategy. If you look at the percentage of volume that's moving on promotion in the JAS quarter compared to a year ago in more categories than not, that number is down. So again, I just don't see that being a big part of either our historical strategy or our going forward strategy. Nik, as we've said repeatedly, our program about touching, improving more lives, more parts or more completely is supported by the best innovation program we can remember in decades. And if you look across our results, you can see that, that innovation program, as well as the strategy of moving more categories in the more geographies and filling out our portfolios up and down is working. And commercial spending is not a very good antidote to a strong innovation program.
Jon Moeller: As we talk about -- first of all, we structure our plans to deliver in the long term and we're currently managing an annual plan, and as we talk about profitable share growth, it's in the context of that annual plan. The base period dynamics have a very dramatic effect, as we said when we first provided guidance for this year and as we've continued to say in this call. So as we measure our sales in terms of delivering profitable market share growth, it's really in the context of being on track for the full fiscal year plan, which is earnings per share growth, as you know, of 7% to 9%. And if people want to pick on unit profitability this quarter, that's fine. I just hope they're prepared to celebrate on the third and fourth quarters.
Jon Moeller: And in terms of your Fragrance question, Lauren, our data would indicate that the past three months market growth rate for the five big markets we track is about flat versus a year ago. The U.S. and Spain continued to contract a 99 and 96 index, respectively, with Germany, Italy and France showing modest growth. Our share on those markets is roughly flat. My guess is that if other companies are portraying a more positive outlook, it may have to do with their geographic footprint and be in more exposed in Fragrance, for instance, than we are to Asia and Latin America.
Jon Moeller: Well, first relative to commodities, we have much easier comps on those in the back half. You mentioned we have, and you're absolutely right, that we have much easier comps on marketing. And I mentioned the math on the price mix dynamic, which will also improve. I also think that there is -- it's a little bit dangerous to take current volumes and assume that that's on a unit basis, the best we can do. On many of our new initiatives, we're actually supply constrained at the moment. And so that's another thing as we relive those constraints and as we expand those portfolios globally, we think this as continued upside on volume.
Jon Moeller: Relative to SG&A, there are two impacts that are affecting the percent and loss comparison that you reference, Andrew. The first are the overhead savings, which we continue to be again very intentional and focused on. The other is, as I mentioned in my remarks, is a transaction impact from a foreign exchange related primarily to Venezuela where we had a hurt in the base period as we translated bolivars to dollars and attempt to manage our balance sheet exposures down ahead of the devaluation. So both of those that are going on within SG&A. And I want to avoid, frankly, talking about any specifics on future pricing or how we're thinking about covering commodities. What I will say is what we've said for a long time, and that is when it's important to take pricing, we endeavor to couple that with innovation, and would expect to continue to do that.
Jon Moeller: Our promotion strategies are particular to our brands, so there won't be any difference developing versus developed. In fact, because of the nature of price promotions where it's retailer country competitive specific, it really is discreet to brand category country combination.
Jon Moeller: And then I just would add to that, much like in the broader innovation program where we're leveraging prior launches and we're globalizing those launches, which we're doing in Oral Care as Bob described were also bringing the whole lot of new innovation, which hasn't yet affected those market shares. Crest Clinical, the sensitivity lineup and a number of other very important innovation still coming.
Jon Moeller: Let me answer the last question first. We've talked about $400 million of restructuring roughly in 2011. That compares to about $495 million the prior year, $700 million the year before that. The reason that those numbers were higher in prior years was largely because we were dealing with the stranded overhead issue that you described.
Jon Moeller: Well, we don't -- I'm not going to get to provide answer to specific margin guidance. What I will tell you is that if you look at the base period dynamics on commodities, this was a harder comp than the prior quarter. Next quarter will be even a harder comp, but then it should begin to reverse itself. The other thing that's important to understand within, you mentioned, the gross margin progress last quarter versus small decrease this quarter. As I mentioned in my remarks, the big part of that has to do with mix as well, with our Household Care business growing volume at 10%, that's a much more lower gross margin business. The rest of our business growing volume of 5%. So that's also driving that mix. Having said that, looking at on all-in basis, our Household Care business is a very profitable business. So from an operating margin standpoint, that's not something that gets us too concerned.
Jon Moeller: The rough impact of the Venezuela item is about $300 million hurt in the base period that isn't in the current quarter in terms of corporate.
Jon Moeller: Your quarterly expectations are accurate. We would expect for the full fiscal year would be up a little bit but significantly ahead in the first three quarters, and then as you said, down in the last quarter. Number of consumer impressions both through our direct spend. And as Bob described, as our advertising campaign gets picked up more broadly, we expect the number of consumer impressions to continue to be meaningfully ahead of year ago.
Jon Moeller: The housekeeping question, we'll continue to have that year-to-year help that you're seeing in the corporate line this quarter through next quarter. But then obviously, once we get to the annualization of the devaluation, that stops. But what accelerates then are the business segment margin and that impact will more than offset the impact that you're seeing in corporate that will go away. And why do we continue to have confidence in that and what will break the correlation that you've seen thus far? I mean, first of all, the behavior is different. So we've talked about how in the last three quarters, we've initiated more price increases than decreases. I talked about how percent volume moving on promotion and North America was decreasing versus a year ago. And then, you get into the math again on the base period with a more favorable year-to-year commodity comparison in the back half and a more favorable -- significantly more favorable SG&A comparison behind the advertising comp. But also realized that as this goes on, we're continuing to go back to some -- and Bob said, we're continuing to simplify, we're continuing to reduce cost and that momentum builds as the year goes on as well.
Jon Moeller: I think one of the things that's compelling about this quarter or even the last six months is no matter how you cut the share, it's up. So in other words, past six months, North America is up, Western Europe's up, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East, Africa is up, Latin America is up, Asia is up. Past three months, same thing, North America is up, Western Europe is up by higher amounts. Meaning, the market share growth is accelerating. So when you see that kind of pervasiveness of share growth, you know that your innovation program is working, you know  your go-to-market program is working, and that gives us confidence that we can hold those shares and grow them further in the future.
Jon Moeller: For the current year, we expect capital spending to be in about the neighborhood of 4% of sales consistent with what's it been historically. We do have an ambitious capacity program that we've embarked on. We've been doing this for sometime. We've become much more efficient in terms of that program, the capital cost per unit, if you will, but the cost of capacity has come down almost by half over the last five years. But we'll do what we need to do to make sure that we're able to serve consumers all around the world that may result in some increase in spending in certain years. But generally, we should be pretty close to where we've been historically.
Jon Moeller: Before we sign off, we just like to remind everyone that we'll be hosting our 2010 Analyst Meeting here in Cincinnati on December 15 and 16. If you haven't already received the electronic invitation and would like to attend, please give John or the IR team a call. Thanks for your time this morning. Have a great day.
Robert McDonald: Let me start first, Lauren, with Pantene. The Pantene initial sales throughout the United States are mixed. In the first month of the launch, which is May, Pantene grew value share in the U.S. and in all key retailers. Both distribution and merchandising support were strong with about six straight weeks of record display levels. More recently though, shares were slightly down versus a year ago over the past three months, down about a point or 94 index versus a year ago as we've seen heavy competitive promotional activity following our introductory merchandising period. We've identified all the key opportunities to get Pantene growing more strongly and they're obviously working to improve awareness, trial and feature levels. And we will get it going.
Robert McDonald: It is a tremendous momentum in the business right now, Wendy. We try to suggest that the fact that our organic volume growth is stronger than its been in five years, and that we're growing market share in roughly 60% of our category in country combinations around the world. And we laid out for you the innovation program, most of which launched in the April to June quarter and we're in the process of expanding that throughout the world, because most of it launched in the United States. And then on top of that innovation program, we even have newer innovations like Guard in India and others, so you have this layering of volume growth and innovation that I think bodes well for the year and bodes well for continued market share growth.
Robert McDonald: And you've been working really hard on developing a cost savings program that continues to produce over sustainable period of time. We've talked before that we want to make this $80 billion company that's growing operate like a $10 billion company. We've been intentional about reducing the hierarchy, we've reduced the number of levels from the lowest in the company to the CEO from seven to five. Our 2010 enrollment decreased by about 5,000 versus the prior year to about 127,000 through a combination of productivity improvements and divestitures. And we've improved sales per employee by about 4% in 2010. We've talked about the fact that we're digitizing the company from end to end. In an example we cited is the Pampers Dry Max, the new Pampers diaper, a lot of the R&D work that was done in that diaper was done virtually using modeling and simulation rather than bench scale prototyping. We've moved to more global standard systems. We've cost saved our logistics operation. I could go on and on, and I think we'll have time to do that in the December Analyst Meeting, but this is a pervasive program that is having an impact and will continue to have an impact.
Robert McDonald: I was just at Wal-Mart a couple weeks ago with Bill Simon. And Bill and I and Doug McMillon and others walked stores together. And we're very supportive of the changes that Bill is trying to make in U.S. stores. Our growth in international has been strong, and where we'd like to see greater growth is in U.S. stores, and we're working hard to help Bill put merchandise items back into action alley to put new items up at the front end, to get better conspicuousness of those promotion items throughout the store red and having everything colored blue and yellow. So we're working real closely with Bill, with Doug, with Mike Duke in order to help Wal-Mart get U.S. sales growing. Relative to channel shift, we are seeing some channel shift. Again, it depends upon the category and it depends upon the item, it depends upon the retailer. But I would say that the dollar channel is obviously growing faster than other channels right now. Although as Jon said in his remarks, private label share is flat to down around the world. So that's probably why you're seeing some abatement in promotion spending. And of course, from our company standpoint, we prefer to see lower to no levels of promotion spending because we would like the consumer to see the very best price they can every single day, and we believe that extreme high lows of promotion spending sometimes erode loyalty to a given brand. But having said that, we hope the retailer execute their strategy and they're in charge of pricing, not us.
Robert McDonald: I don't want to give away competitive information, but I can tell you about how we're doing. For example, in Brazil and Mexico and some of the markets, the expansion of Oral-B paste in Brazil is very encouraging. Shipment share results are ahead of objective. While national paste share is about three and a half points, it's significantly higher in the outlets where we compete with multiple retailers in double digits. If you look at the outlets where we compete, our value shares are closer to 8%. We're only in about 30% ECV right now and we're obviously still expanding that in Brazil. Recent share is over 23% in drugstores which is our original test market. So shares are growing sequentially period-to-period and trial and repeat rates are also trending above target. Where we launched Crest and Oral-B Pro-Health in Mexico, it continues to deliver ahead of expectations. The national value share is 11.5%, which is up about three and a half points versus year ago. In modern retail, the value shares at 13.4%, up almost five points and P&G continues to be the manual brush leader in Mexico with shares over 47%. In Benelux, after 19 months, we launched in February of 2009 Oral-B Pro-Health is well ahead of target, past three month value share averaging 11.3%, up over three points from the previous three months; in Belgium, it's at 13.1%, up two points; Netherlands at 9.4%, up one point. Crest Pro-Health launch in China, we launched in August of 2009 continues to deliver outstanding results. Volume is indexing at 129 and sales is indexing at 132 versus a pretty challenging goal. Even more promising trial and repeat continued outperform expectation as well as outperform key competition. In addition, we got solid plans in place to continue to leverage Pro-Health in China and to maintain the strong momentum. In Germany, Blend-a-Med paste momentum continues, led by the launch of 3D White this summer. Total Blend-a-Med value share continues to grow reaching 11% in September, that's up 0.6 points versus year ago. In Poland, we launched Blend-a-Med Pro-Expert in April of 2010. This launch enabled us to further extend our leadership in Poland, leading to an all-time high value share of 27.8%. Both Russia and Turkey launched Pro-Expert nationally in July. Shipments were in line with expectation. We don't have share data yet because share in those markets is very limited. And you didn't ask this question specifically, but Crest 3D White is off to a great start in the U.S. with strong retailers support. After six months in market, 3D White paste has already achieved the 5.8% share in track channels which is more than 5x ahead of Colgate's launch of ProClinical over the same time frame. 3D White contributed to Crest market leading value share which is up 1.4 points to 38.6% in the United States over the past three months. 3D White Rinse and 3D White Pulsar brush are priced at a premium to Pro-Health Rinse and base Pulsar, respectively. So that's a little bit of a tour of the Oral Care world without disclosing future plans.
Robert McDonald: We obviously keep track of that very closely. One of the things that our purpose inspired growth strategy has done is allowed us to focus the organization and what really matters. When you talk about touching and improving lives of more consumers in more parts of the world more completely, it's very discreet, it's very granular and it focuses everyone in the organization on expanding categories in the countries, expanding vertical portfolios and expanding into adjacencies which we may have hereto for not addressed. That focus results in a tremendous simplification. And in fact, we have an effort going on within the company to simplify. We're cutting the number of SKUs, we're changing our business planning process. And so far, as you can see from the results, it looks pretty good. Also, every year, the Procter & Gamble company runs a employee opinion trend survey. We've done it now for the last eight years or so. And the survey this year was a record in all measures. We had record response rates. We surveyed more than 110,000 employees worldwide, that's out of 127,000. The overall aggregate scores increased for the second consecutive year and they are the highest we've experienced over the past five years. The survey content is comprehensive and robust. We measured 20 categories including employee pride in company and evaluation of meaningful work, feedback on employees personal well-being. And the biggest increase from 2009 was seen in confidence in building unit leadership. And a large number of employees feel that there is a clear and inspiring vision for the future. So I think the program is working. And I think employees are telling us it's working and that's what gives us confidence in the future.
Robert McDonald: Our marketing spend is becoming more and more effective. Marc Pritchard, our Global Brand Building Officer and his organization, our marketing organization, largely is getting stronger and stronger at getting the higher ROI out of our effort. A lot of it is inspired by our purpose. If you think, for example, of our Old Spice brand, Old Spice defines their purpose is to help guys navigate the season of manhood. And we think about guys lies in a larger context than just consuming body wash and deodorants, and this is the power of purpose. And when you think about our advertising, smell like a man with the former football player as in Mustafa, you see how we've taken an idea, an insight. We turned it into superior product. We turned it into a big idea. We turned it in the consumer engagement and we turned it into a movement. The insight is the guy want to smell like a man, and deep down, all guys are scared that they don't smell like man. And so what this ad talks about is now you have a product where that insecurity goes away and you can smell like a man, man. And that's why he says, look at your man and I look back at me and I look at your man, and it's such an effective advertising campaign that we're getting impressions that we didn't pay for. There are nearly 200 videos that have been shot over the last few days by people, different people, Ellen DeGeneres, Alyssa Milano, there's a Twitter campaign that's created because people are starting to ask the Old Spice guy questions. There's YouTube 20 million times. So what we've done is we've created a movement, and that movement has really a high ROI because they're not paying for all these impressions. I was in Washington D.C. not so many weeks ago to meet with the President and I opened up the Washington Post, I think it was, there is a cartoon of President Obama riding a horse backwards asking if he smelled like a man-man. It had something to do with Republicans and Democrats. But anyway, when people parity your add, you know that you're getting the high ROI and that's what we're trying to do on all of our brands.
Robert McDonald: The way I look at an economic recovery from a recession is that it's always uneven. You have a couple of months where things look good, you have a month where things drop backwards. My expectation is the global economy will continue to improve, that we will continue to see the kind of growth we've seen in developing markets. We said this quarter, market value growth where we compete was plus eight points, and I think we'll also see improvement in developed markets. But I think the improvement in developed markets will be slower, and in a kind of one to two points that we forecast is the kind that we'll see. Certainly, over the last four to six weeks, there's been negative news in the U.S. economy but that's not unexpected because as I said, recoveries are always uneven. The risk moving forward are what happens with the state of government intervention around the world as it pertains to free trade, as it pertains to taxing and changing of tax structure of multinational companies, and we're obviously trying to influence where governments around the world come out on those issues.
Robert McDonald: Talking about Blades in the U.S., Caroline, the Fusion ProGlide is doing extremely well in the market. Through September, Fusion's past three months all out value share, Blades and Razors was 35%, up 5.5 points versus a year ago, while the Schick sheer blades and razors was flat versus a year ago at 16.8%. The sale of replacement cartridges is probably the best indicator of consumer preference in repeat. And sale of P&G's Fusion ProGlide cartridges have been at the rate of more than 3x the rate of the ProGlide Razors, while Schick's replacement cartridges are only selling at about one time the Hydro razor sales. The ProGlide launch is tracking significantly ahead of our awareness trial in repeat goals. In August, ProGlide achieved 76% brand awareness and this is a full 10 points ahead of our forecast and 11 points ahead of the original Fusion launch. So it's going very well.
Robert McDonald: I think what we see, Linda, is the response that generally we expect, which is the initial reaction of most companies who are challenged by a competitive innovation is to initially price down. And then, as they face the reality of lower profitability, they tend to price back up. And what we're trying to do is innovate and grow market share profitably. And I think the quarter's results suggest we're doing that. But we haven't seen anything extraordinary that we didn't expect.
Robert McDonald: But even though the total spend will be up, the percent of sales will be roughly the same as it's been historically.
Robert McDonald: Well, we measure market share granularly, Mark. I mean, we look at market share by SKUs so that we know if an innovation is working. We look at it on a brand basis, we look at it on the category basis and then of course, we roll it up company-wide. The same is true, we look at it by retailer, we look at it by country, we roll up the geographies. For us, success is market share growth. Now when I say that, we hold our sales to a high standard in the sense that a 0.1 increase or 0.2 increase is basically flat for us. And we force ourselves to make sure that there's statistical significance in the kinds of differences that we look at. So before we do any kind of celebration, it's got to be a statistically significant difference at a high confidence interval, and we look at it obviously on a sequential basis which helps us understand this is a real trend or is it not. And to the point of the question of sustainability, on what share level do you have to get to be sustainable, in general, our approach for years has been and we'll continue to be trying to be the number one or two player in the market. And generally, when you achieve that position, it's sustainable.
Robert McDonald: As Jon said, our cost per unit in capacity has gone down by about half over the last decade and we're continuing to make strong efforts to improve the productivity of our capital spending. For example, this is a great example of operating as one company. When you build a new factory, about 50% of the cost is the infrastructure of the factory and about 50% are the operating lines. And because we're a multi-business unit company, that 50% of the cost and infrastructure gets spread over many more business units as we locate more and more business units in our new factories. So that reduces the capital requirement. As we've said earlier, we got about 19 new factories under construction right now. About five are starting up and about five are on the drawing board. And we expect to continue that kind of pace of capital spending and construction in order to touch and improve more lives in more parts of the world more completely.
