Andre Schulten: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Joining David and me on the call today are Jon Moeller, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer; and John Chevalier, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. I'll start with an overview of company results for fiscal 2021 and fourth quarter and David will add perspective on our immediate priorities and strategic focus areas. We'll close with guidance for fiscal 2022. And then take your questions. Fiscal 2021 was another very strong year. Our focus on superiority and strong investment in the business, funded with strong productivity improvements and cost savings drove market growth, and it turns strong sales share earnings and cash results leading to balance growth and value creation. Organic sales for the fiscal year grew more than 6%, up more than 12% on a two-year stack. Growth was broad-based across business units with each our 10 product categories growing or holding organic sales. Home Care up high teens, Oral Care up double digits, Skin and Personal Care up high single digits, Grooming, Fabric Care, Feminine Care, Hair Care and Personal Health Care, organic sales each up mid-single digits, Family Care grew low singles, Baby Care was in line with prior year. We delivered strong results in our two largest and most profitable markets annualizing strong base periods. Organic sales were up 8% in the U.S. and 12% in greater China for the fiscal year. Focus markets grew 7% for the year. Enterprise markets were up 5% despite significant market growth impacts from the pandemic. E-commerce sales were up 35% for the year at over $10 billion in sales representing 14% of company total. Global aggregate market share increased 50 basis points, 33 of our top 50 category country combinations held or grew share for the fiscal year. All outlet value share in the U.S. improved through the year growing from 33% over the past 12 months, to 33.5% for the past six months, to 34% over the past quarter. One of the highest absolute value shares in the last 20 years. Consumers are increasingly choosing P&G brands. We translated the strong top-line growth into strong earnings and cash results. Core earnings per share grew 11% for the year. Currency neutral core EPS was also up 11%. Within this core gross margin expanded 20 basis points, up 60 basis points excluding currency impacts. Core operating margin grew 80 basis points up 130 points, excluding currency impacts. Productivity improvements helped operating margin by 250 basis points, enabling strong – reinvestment in marketing programs. Advertising was a 10.8% of sales, an increase of more than 40 basis points. Adjusted free cashflow productivity was 107%. We increased our dividend by 10% and returned $19 billion of value to share owners, $8 billion in dividends and $11 billion in share repurchase. Moving on to the April, June quarter, organic sales grew 4%, volume, pricing and mix, each contributed more than one point to topline growth. Growth rates by market reflected the volatility and shipments and the base period. Organic sales were down 1% in the U.S. However, this is still 18% growth on a two-year stack. Recall that in the April, June quarter last year, organic sales were up 19% in the U.S. 13 points above track channel sales as we work to restock depleted trade inventories. Organic sales in greater China were up 5% also comping a strong base period, on a two-year stack, Greater China up 19%. Focus markets were up 2%, enterprise markets were up 14% in the quarter. Strong market share trends with aggregate global value share up 70 basis points. All the share in the U.S. increased 260 basis points for the quarter to 34.1%.  On the bottom line, core earnings per share were $1.13, down 3% versus prior year, down 4% on a currency neutral basis, mainly due to gross margin pressure from higher input cost as we had anticipated. Core gross margin decreased 260 basis points, currency neutral core gross margin also down 260 points. This includes 220 basis points impact from higher commodity and freight costs, nearly 400 million in just this quarter. We also saw a sharp headwind from mix of 210 basis points, mainly geographic mix impacts. Recall that in our fourth quarter last year, the U.S. and China accounted for more than 100% of organic sales growth. In this year’s fourth quarter Enterprise Markets lead the growth. Core operating margin decreased 230 basis points. Currency neutral core operating margin declined 210 basis points. Productivity improvements were 320 basis point helped to the quarter. Adjusted free cash flow in the quarter was 117%. In summary, we exceeded each of our growth targets for the year. Organic sales growth, core EPS growth, free chase productivity, and cash returned to shareholders. Our team has operated with excellent discipline in a challenging and volatile environment. And with that, I'll pass it back to David.
Andre Schulten: As David said, we will undoubtedly experience more volatility as we move through the crisis. Our quarterly results will be heavily influenced by top-line volatility embedded in base period results, along with the realities of current year cost pressures and continued effects of the global pandemic. Input costs have risen sharply. Current spot prices for materials such as resins, chemicals and other ingredients are up anywhere from 30% to 200% versus April 2020. Most of the material cost increases occurred in this calendar year and will disproportionately affect the first half of fiscal 2022. Based on current spot prices, we estimate a $1.8 billion after-tax commodity cost headwind in fiscal 2022. Freight costs have also increased substantially due to several factors affecting the supply of drivers and the demand for drivers and trucks and diesel fuel prices are up 35% so far in the calendar. We currently expect freight and transportation costs to be an incremental $100 million after-tax headwind in fiscal 2022. We will offset a portion of these higher costs with price increases, but there is a lag between the time when costs begin to rise and when pricing is implemented to provide an offset. As discussed last quarter, our Baby Care, Feminine Care and Adult Incontinence businesses have announced increases in the U.S. that will go into effect in mid-September. Earlier this year, we executed a significant product upgrade on our Japan liquid Ariel detergent, coupled with a 35% price increase. In U.S. Fabric Care, we recently announced that this price increase on Tide Simply, Cheer, and Era liquid detergents, effective in September. In U.S. Home Care, we’ve announced double-digit price increases across all product forms of the Swiffer brand. These increases are effective mid-September. We have announced price increases in many Central Eastern European markets to offset a portion of recent currency impacts. In Latin America, we’ve taken a cumulative high-single-digit price increase across our business over the past 12 months. We are analyzing input costs and foreign exchange rate impacts on other categories and markets and we are assessing the need for additional pricing moves. When opportunities allow, we will close couple of price increases with new product innovations, adding value for consumers along the way. We believe this is a temporary bottom-line rough patch to grow through, not a reason to reduce investment in the business and not a reason to redesign a strategy that has been working well before and during the COVID crisis. Our guidance ranges for fiscal 2022 incorporate these dynamics. We expect organic sales growth in the range of 2% to 4%. The high end of this range assumes global markets continue growing at about 3% or so and P&G continues to grow above market level. The low end of this range assumes deterioration in global markets to 2% or lower with P&G growth at or above underlying markets. This range also reflects the strong organic sales growth, more than 8%, that we delivered in the first half of fiscal 2021. Given this base period dynamic, we expect organic sales growth to be stronger in the back half of fiscal 2022 versus the front half. On the bottom-line, we expect core earnings per share growth in the range of 3% to 6%. This outlook includes headwinds of approximately $1.9 billion from – after-tax from commodity cost of freight, as I mentioned earlier, with a modest offset, overall, of $100 million after-tax from foreign exchange rate benefits. The combined impact of materials, freight and FX is approximately a $0.70 per share headwind to EPS or a 12%-point headwind to EPS growth in fiscal 2022. Considering the costs challenge is weighted heavily towards the front half of the year. Our earnings growth is expected to be much stronger in the back half of fiscal 2022. We are targeting adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% starting the year. We expect to pay over $8 billion in dividends and to repurchase between $7 billion and $9 billion of common stock; combined, a plan to return $15 billion to $17 billion of cash to shareowners this fiscal year. This outlook is based on current market growth rate estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates. Significant currency weakness, commodity cost increases, additional geopolitical disruption, major production stoppages or store closures are not anticipated within this guidance range. Now back to David for closing comments.
Andre Schulten: Look, I think we've increased our ad spending year-over-year in fiscal 2021 versus 2020 by $850 million. And as David said, superior communication is a core element of our superiority framework and we've not reached the point of diminishing return on those investments. So, we'll continue to invest at around that level in percent of sales. We also do believe that there is significant productivity improvements still within the media spend. When you think about shift into digital media improved targeting capability with first party audiences or third-party audiences and ability to sharpen our focus, even on TV audiences with our own data. So there continues to be a significant leverage in terms of direct media spend efficiencies that we can create to improve quantity of reach and quality of reach. In the indirect space, we also striving to continue to improve production costs agency structures. So you'll see us continue to work in that direction mostly to reinvest in superiority and superior communication.
Andre Schulten: What I'd say, maybe I think our portfolio positions us well. There were many categories that did not benefit from COVID tailwinds in our portfolio. When you think about adult incontinence, deodorants, shave care, some of the tooth whitening that we see coming back, Personal Health Care had a very low cough-cold season with everyone wearing masks and our professional business certainly that serves hotels and restaurants did not do well. So as mobility increases, those businesses pick up and we see that as a positive going forward obviously. Geographically, many of the markets we operate in specifically the enterprise markets never did see a benefit in terms of consumption from COVID as consumers and retailers were impacted by the crisis. So hopefully as these markets work through the pandemic, that will also provide a tailwind from a geographic standpoint.
Andre Schulten: What I would say is similar to what David mentioned, I think productivity is going to be a core driver of the offsets that we will continue to focus on. The commodity pressures that we're seeing as you have heard broad based in the industry and therefore the same pressures exist in the market around the world. In terms of pricing, we've mentioned that we've taken and announced pricing in Central and Eastern European markets. We've announced pricing in the U.S., which you referenced, and we've also have taken pricing and cumulatively high single digits in Latin America over the past 12 months. We will continue to evaluate pricing opportunities around the world. And we are encouraged, I think by our ability to execute pricing in the markets where we have announced. But I cannot comment on any additional pricing that we might or might not take again, that is within the discretion of the sector leaders. And we'll come out as we see fit.
Andre Schulten: So, I think, as David explained and Jon explained we are very pleased with the categories we’re operating in. I think they all offer continued growth opportunity. If you think about either growing the market via innovation with the examples that David mentioned earlier, if you think about trading consumers up into premium propositions will have superior profitability in terms of penny profit for us. If you, for example, liquid fabric enhancers, household penetration in the U.S. is only 37% and only 52% of those households use fabric enhancer with every load. So, there's tons of runway. When you think about beats [ph], those numbers are even lower. Those propositions accretive to all portfolio, are accretive to all margins and we’ll continue to focus on those. And they provide a good source for future growth, both top and bottom line. Productivity is another key lever that still has enormous runway across the balance sheet and across the P&L. Our supply chain continues to have significant opportunity in terms of synchronization. But also, every innovation that we bring basically creates a new cost S curve that we can then optimize from. We talked about media and advertising spend as a significant source of future profitability, growth and productivity. And I would add, go-to-market specifically in terms of go-to-market logistics, but also go-to-market spend as a source So, we feel confident in our ability to deliver, even with cost headwinds, which is reflected in our guidance for next year. And we do believe there's enough leavers in the portfolio from trade up, to usage expansion, to be able to continue to do so.
David Taylor: Thanks, Andre. Our business exhibited strong momentum well before the COVID crisis. We strengthened our position further during the crisis, and we believe P&G is well-positioned to grow through and beyond the crisis. We will manage what is likely to be a volatile near term, consistent with the strategy we’ve outlined many times and against the immediate priorities of ensuring employee health and safety, maximizing availability of our products to serve cleaning health and hygiene needs and helping society overcome the COVID challenges that still exists in many parts of the world. We’ll continue to step forward toward our opportunities, not back. We remain committed to our strategies and fully invest in our business. We remain committed to driving productivity improvements to fund investment and to maintain balanced top and bottom-line growth over the long term. We’re doing this in our interest, in society’s interest and in the interest of our long-term shareowners. Now, we’d be happy to take your questions.
David Taylor: Yes, very good. So, U.S. quarter four growth was a minus 1%. If you look on the two-year stack basis, that's 18%. Last year's quarter four was 19% growth and the strong growth in last year's quarter was mainly driven about 13 points, I believe by restocking retail inventories after strong consumption. So, in comparison, minus one on a 19% base. The U.S. consumption I think we believe at this point in time, we'll return to normal levels. Most importantly, we see our shares at record levels in the U.S. Our brands are continuing to strive. We're gaining share across categories. Our retail partnerships are strong and we have very strong innovation programs hitting in the U.S. So, we remain confident, but I think you're rightfully cautious in terms of base period effects, especially in the first half. On the China side, we expect the market to continue to grow mid singles. Our mantra is to grow ahead of that. And I would tell you the same thing I told you for the U.S. We feel good about the strength of our brands. In China, we feel good about our go-to-market capabilities, and we'll continue to invest in innovation and supporting those innovations in the market. Same comment considering base period is going to be prudent for China and the entire focus markets environment.
David Taylor: A couple of comments about the consumer changes that we think are endearing, and then certainly Andre and Jon can jump in with some comments as well. We do believe that the health cleaning and hygiene brands will continue to play an increased role. There's some statistics that I saw a while back that pre-pandemic about 5% of people work from home, and then post-pandemic estimated 20. I don't know what the number will be, but certainly there's a significant number of people that will be in home more than they were pre-pandemic. That bodes well for us. I believe the strength of our brands and actually the shift toward trusted brands will likely last a good while we've had meaningful, increased household penetration on some of our brands as there was a stock-up and then people got exposed to the superior performance. I think that will have a lingering, positive impact. So, you've got both more people at home, not take the U.S. especially, more occasions at home. You've got a shift toward trusted brands and the role that health plan and hygiene place will anniversary some tough comps, but the health of the brands and the share of momentum. And to me, it gives me a lot of confidence going forward. The U.S. and Europe, I call it our biggest focus markets are having some of the strongest share progress they've had in every one of those categories. And absolute share is higher than they were pre-pandemic with the exception of family care that had a supply issue for the first part and just couldn't supply because the increased demand and their growing share in the fourth quarter. So, we've got good momentum, consumers continue to vote for trusted superior performing brands. And that I think those consumer habit changes will likely last.
David Taylor: Sure. Happy to. First, it has been a challenging category for several years. And as we were very open several years ago, it would take time because the technical changes we need to make to deliver product superiority. And we continue to make those changes, but I'm actually very encouraged by the progress they've made. Our focus markets grew top line and profits last year. All-in profits increased global Baby Care made progress. Our North America business especially was plus 3%. The highest has been in six years. We're leading the category growth. We actually have strong share growth now in North America, most recent period, it's up a point or more. Our superiority metric, which is really important, back several years ago, it was 25%, which is unacceptable. It's up to 60% rising and we'll continue to be investing to again, delight consumers. But with North America doing better. Europe returned to growth for the first time in six years. You're right. It's been challenging, both the birth rate, but returned to growth, expanded the margins, we addressed some of the challenges we had in our enterprise markets. Jon and his team did a great job there working to make sure we had structurally profitable businesses and adjusting the business model and supply systems where need be. So, you look across those. And then this shift toward fast growth segments. Our wipes business was up 10%. Our pants business was up 12%. We doubled our bed wetter segment growth to 12% behind the successful Ninjamas launched. So, there's a number of things going well. We still have much work to do. And we understand that. Baby Care does take time, but this was the best year we've had in six years and the trends are positive. We're now playing in fast-growing segments and the product superiority is getting better each year. So, I become more optimistic on Baby Care each year. I think the leader and their team are doing a really nice job recognizing that this is a mid to long-term game and they're continuing to make the right investments.
David Taylor: Yes, I'll give comment now and I'll turn it to Jon. First, there are many opportunities, but it starts right here in the U.S. It's our largest market. We have – we declared several years ago, the U.S. is a growth market. We don't have any markets that aren't growth markets. It's our job to create the innovation that drives the growth. And I think it's best illustrated by the U.S. We are averaging 1% to 2% and we've moved to mid singles. And certainly, the last two years, we've been in high singles and it has driven by the innovation and the communication, just the superiority strategy being brought to health and executed in a very good way. We have had some bolt-on acquisitions that you're well aware of. There've been some categories that we've been open about. We added the Merck international business to our health care, and that's done very well. And you've seen the growth recently in our healthcare business. That remains an interesting segment. You've seen some bolt-on acquisitions in the beauty care business. Again, that remains an interesting business as well. And each of the sector leaders has the opportunity to evaluate whether they see bolt-on acquisitions or acquisitions that would be helpful. The core though is most important, driving the core and the focus markets, and then continuing to have smart growth and value creations in the enterprise markets is working. And I believe that's the right strategy. I'll turn it to Jon to offer any comments about how he's thinking about the future. But we've worked together on these and been aligned that it starts with delivering the core and seeing market growth is a key responsibility of each category.
David Taylor: Some of you have heard me talk about this before, but there is a chart that I share with our leadership team whenever we're together. That highlights the importance of growth on both the topline and margin, and delivering top third, total shareholder return. We need to do both to dependably deliver a top third shareholder return over reasonable periods of time. So that will continue to be the focus and the emphasis. Having said that, margin as a metric, has many issues associated with it. The first being, I can't put margin in a bank, I can't return margin to share owners. What matters most is what Andre referred to, which is penny profit and overall profit and profitability. And we've got to make sure that we keep our eyes firmly on that as we work to grow the topline.
David Taylor: Let me start with a couple of those. There are quite a few questions there. So, you have to help me if we don't answer each one. First, you mentioned a Beauty business and specifically SK-II. I'm very pleased if I just take SK-II as an example, you would have expected it to get hit very, very hard because of travel retail, virtually stopping in Asia. And it's certainly a huge channel. But the team pivoted amazingly well and was able to actually grow the business last year, the business was up double digits up 13%. So, SK-II is actually healthy and continues to run nicely because the consumption that did not happen in travel retail happened in the home market. And then there was the duty-free area in Heinemann province, they did a really nice job, making sure that the brand was both available and had the innovation and communication to win. So, SK-II is healthy, and I expect – I don't know when travel retail will resume, you can take your guess, it looks like it's going to be a while. But the good news is at the strong growth that we're seeing already, we're not dependent on that. It could be a help if and when it opens up anytime soon. More broadly the Skin and Personal Care business had a strong year last year as to the overall beauty business. So, again I feel very good about the business. How strong it grows next year will be dependent again on many of the factors that we've already mentioned. While there's meaningful cost headwinds, the innovation that both Hair Care, Skin and Personal Care has launched and will be launching I feel very good about. So, both businesses had strong years on the top and bottom line, and I feel good about those. Baby Care, I made a number of comments earlier, so I'm not sure what else would be helpful. Yes, we are very committed to the category. The innovation coming, and will continue to come. We are on the multi-year innovation program. Certainly, part of it has hit the market and you see that improvement in percent superiority from 25% to 60%. We will continue to work to move that up significantly. And we also recognize that for many consumers in the mini markets, the premiumization is critically important in these high growth areas. And that allows us to offset some of the challenges that you're well aware of on the birthright. And still grow the category, and grow share, and create value. And Baby Care did create value this year. It's a very strong year, strong improvement. So, all these businesses to me have meaningful upside. And especially the Beauty business has very good momentum and Baby Care is accelerating. So, I feel good about both.
David Taylor: It's actually very balanced volume and pricing. But let me take one and then we can give the specific numbers. First, on Grooming, Grooming had a very strong year. They grew mid-single digits on the top and double digit on the bottom. Importantly, they grew share almost every segment across whether it was male shaved, female shave, appliance, all of those making very good progress, which contributed to the strong growth. And as you rightfully said, as people return to working outside the home, I think that will benefit the category. And what the team has done, which I think is very strong and very important going for the future, we're no longer a wet shave business. We're truly a Grooming business, with growth in wet shave, dry shave, which we call appliances. We're also growing in many of the new areas, like IPL, the intense pulsed light area, all of those to me, give me confidence and these new segments as well. We have innovation come on King C. Gillette, which helps people with facial hair. So, it's a broader portfolio, innovation across all those different forms and segments. And it's leading to mid singles top and double-digit bottom. So that's the strongest year we've had in many, many years in Grooming. And the reason is strong, should continue because it's innovation-driven, consumer-driven.
David Taylor: I won't speculate too much on the relative out performance. What I can say is the strength of just what you said, the brands are strong and the measures we use, which I think are really important, our superiority metrics are relative to the best competitor in each brand, in each country. So, it pushes us to maintain and try to extend the advantage we have. Now we have full respect for our competitors. And you're right we have very strong growth in both North America, Europe, and Latin America. And in those markets that we'll see what happens next year. But if this share of growth has been now sustained in North America for three years and in Europe for three years. So, the focus markets are performing very well. And as John mentioned, we have very strong progress in the enterprise markets. We are mid singles with double digit growth in a very, very difficult environment. So that gives me confidence. We're at least well positioned. But the other thing is very real, you have to earn it every day. And so, our teams understand that our competitors are refocusing and those that lost share will come back with their innovations and investments. And it's our job to go earn it. But it's very clear that's what they're accountable to deliver. And based on the last three years, I've got confidence that we’ll continue.
David Taylor: So, I just offer a couple of thoughts. First, thank you for the kind words. The organization deserves a ton of credit and the total leadership team. But I appreciate your comments on me and very much agreeing to comments on John. In terms of trade promotion, certainly it's in our best interest to bring to our retail partners programs that build their business and build their margin. I do believe, as you said, that that can best be done by innovation and market growing plans. And there's walls they play with us and making sort of things like the shelf, but a virtual or physical shelf is arranged in a way that creates market growth and helps consumers find the brands that they're most apt to use. We worked with retail partners around the world. And the ones we've partnered with best success is they grow the market, grows, the margin grows and that we helped them do it, we get rewarded. So, we will continue with that certainly objective. Certainly, our eyes are wide open. I expect from a very low base, we will see an increase in trade spending. Do I believe it to go all the way back to what it was before? I think many retailers are very interested in finding smart ways and they have the same pressures that we do with the commodity costs, they need as well as we to find ways to create value. So, I'm hopeful that we'll see some thoughtful change in promotion strategy that is more value creating for the market.
David Taylor: So, I'll let Andre comments on the hedging question just a second. The way I think about the retailers’ approach to their business, I don't really think about it through an inventory lens so much as I think about it through a desire to maintain dependability of supply. And those manufacturers that can offer that assurance are often being rewarded with increased shelf space and increased focus on the part of our retail partners. There's a small amount of inventory bill, but that's not really the focus. The focus is on how do we ensure supply and maintain the satisfaction of our shoppers. And that's a very fertile place for us to apply. With regard to hedging Andre.
Jon Moeller: And relative to the question on strategic changes as we go forward, we will always be responsive to consumers and customers whose needs will continue to evolve over time. I don't foresee that leading to any major change in the strategies that the team has been executing with excellence. But again, we will continue to be very attentive to and responsive to consumer and customer needs.
Jon Moeller: Kevin, I really like, when you've heard me talk about this before each of the categories that we've decided to play in, as we've focused on strengthened our portfolio. And I firmly believe that they all have opportunity to grow and to create value. And you're seeing that, and the results that Andre described, for example, there's very broad progress that's occurring across those businesses. Similarly, from a geographic standpoint, what people would view as mature markets have significant growth potential that exists within them. You've seen the results in the U.S. If you look at category development outside of the U.S., on average is 20% of U.S. levels. So, there's significant opportunity across geographies to continue to develop these categories to grow markets and increased consumption. And historically, while we probably felt that way for the focus markets, we were a little bit concerned about what kind of future the enterprise markets held for us. But the team there has made significant progress in the last couple of years in dramatically increasing the structural profitability of those businesses. So, they are investment grade, and we can take advantage of the population on income growth that will occur in those markets and do so in a very profitable value accretive way. We exited last year with one country well over 100 countries and the enterprise markets losing any money. So, the majority are contributing positively to the company's topline and bottom line. So, I don't want to in any way backhand the question. But I really do believe that we have opportunities for growth and value creation in each of our categories and broadly across the global geography. And then it becomes executing the strategy that we've all talked about a number of times, and that as Andre mentioned, we will continue to double down on stepping forward, not back.
Jon Moeller: And Andrea, to answer your question on the commodity exposure and freight exposure, we are forecasting a spot. So, we assume spot prices will sustain throughout the year. So, we don't expect an easing of these commodity pressures within the guidance that we've given.
Jon Moeller: And on SK-II, what David said is certainly right. Growth is very strong 13% as David mentioned for the fiscal year, but 35% for quarter four. The pricing taken was mid-single. So, by far there is a significant volume component to it as the team shifted consumption into high non, which is a big part of the offset to travel retail reduction. So again, growth on SK-II is both volume and price mix driven.
Jon Moeller: And just a reminder, excuse me. How you gain, share how we gained, share is very important in the answer to this question. And Dave has talked many times in our discussion this morning as is Andre about our intent to be a disproportionate driver of market growth. The math that falls out of that create share growth. But the notion that we're taking business from competitors, and it's only a matter of time and that that's not how we look at things. Our job is to be constantly expanding the pie, constantly expanding the number of households that we serve. And if we do that well, there's no reason that growth shouldn't be sustainable.
Jon Moeller: Yes. And then to add a few numbers to David's statements quarter four in the U.S. we saw trade promotions, volumes sold on deals back to 27%, which was in line with quarter three, but it's still below pre-pandemic levels, which was around 33%. So, we're certainly getting back to a more normalized level in quarter four.
