Andre Schulten: Thank you, Jon, and good morning, everyone. As Jon said, the March quarter was another period of good top line, bottom line and market share growth, along with strong cash generation and strong cash returns to shareowners. Organic sales were up 4% for the quarter, volume in line with year ago, 2 points of pricing, 2 points of positive mix. Organic sales growth was mixed across regions. Overall focus markets grew 5%, with strong growth in our two largest markets: U.S. organic sales, up 7%; and Greater China sales were up 22%. European focus markets were down 2%, largely due to the impact of lockdowns in the region. Japan was down 5%. Enterprise markets were up 1% and were also mixed within the region. Latin America, up 8%; Asia, Middle East, Africa, in line with year ago quarter; and European enterprise markets were down 4%. We delivered strong organic sales growth in most categories: Home Care, up high-teens; Oral Care, Hair Care and Skin and Personal Care, up high singles; Family Care and Grooming, up mid-singles; Fabric Care, up low singles. Feminine Care organic sales were down low singles, mainly due to market softness in Europe, but share trends remained strong in the region and on a global basis. Baby Care was down mid singles, mainly due to market softness in Europe and heightened competitive activity in China. Importantly, Baby Care all outlet value share in the U.S. is up 130 basis points over the past one month and 80 basis points over the past three months. Personal Health Care organic sales were down mid singles, driven by a very weak cold flu season on top of difficult comparisons in the base period. U.S. sales in the respiratory category were down more than 40% in this March quarter versus last year. Despite the weak category trends, Vicks’ share was up for the quarter. E-commerce sales were up at about 50% fiscal year-to-date with no notes for change in shopping trends in the quarter. E-comm sales represent 14% of our global sales, aggregate market share growth of 40 basis points this quarter. Turning to earnings. Core earnings per share were $1.26, up 8%, currency neutral core EPS also up 8%. Core margin was up 30 basis points, up 80 basis points, excluding currency impacts. Core operating margin was in line with prior year, up 30 basis points, excluding currency impacts. We generated $4.1 billion in operating cash flow with free cash flow productivity at 106%. We returned $5 billion in cash to shareholders, $2 billion in dividends and $3 billion in share repurchase. Last week, we announced a 10% increase in our dividend, reflecting strong results and confidence in our future. This is the 65th consecutive annual dividend increase and 131st consecutive year in which P&G has paid a dividend. So, three quarters into the year, organic sales up 7%, with global value share growing, core EPS, up 14%; ex-FX, up 16%. Adjusted free cash flow productivity over 100%, $14 billion of cash returned to shareowners, which is 120% of all-in earnings. Back to you, Jon.
Andre Schulten: So, with three strong quarters behind us and having raised guidance twice across all key metrics we are maintaining our outlook for organic sales growth and core EPS growth for the fiscal year. We are increasing our outlook for adjusted free cash flow productivity and cash returns to shareowners. We continue to expect organic sales growth in the range of 5% to 6% for the fiscal year. This outlook reflects continued volatility from both base period and current year dynamics, including a challenging fourth quarter base period in the U.S. and in Greater China and continued soft market conditions in Europe and in enterprise markets. Our core earnings per share guidance remains in the range of 8% to 10%. This bottom line outlook includes headwinds of approximately $150 million after-tax of foreign exchange and now more than $200 million after-tax of higher freight costs. Commodities are now forecast to be a headwind of approximately $125 million after tax. This is a $400 million swing to the negative since our initial guidance for the year with much of this impact affecting our fiscal fourth quarter. As we stand today, our internal estimates for organic sales growth are above the midpoint of the fiscal year guidance range. On the bottom line, we are trending towards the midpoint of the core EPS range. We are again raising our target for adjusted free cash flow productivity from 90% starting the year to now over 100%. We expect to pay over $8 billion in dividends and are further increasing our outlook for share repurchase from up to $10 billion to approximately $11 billion. Combined, we plan to return about $19 billion of cash to shareowners this fiscal year. This outlook is based on current market growth rate estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates, significant currency weakness, commodity cost increases, additional geopolitical disruptions, major production stoppages or additional store closures are not anticipated within this guidance range. The commodity cost challenges we faced this year will obviously be larger next fiscal year. We will offset a portion of this impact with price increases. Our Baby Care, Feminine Care and adult incontinence businesses have announced price increases in the United States that will go into effect in mid-September. The exact timing and amount of increases vary by brand and sub-brand in the range of mid to high single-digits. As opportunities allow, we will close a couple of price increases with new product innovations, adding value for consumers. We are analyzing raw material and foreign exchange impacts in other categories and markets and we are assessing the need for additional pricing moves. Back to Jon for closing comments.
Andre Schulten: Yes. As you mentioned, I think quarter 3 was significantly impacted due to retailer inventory build in the early phases of the pandemic and Europe focus markets and in the U.S. We expect that to normalize over the next few quarters. Most importantly, the team is really focusing on building irresistible superiority across all vectors in baby, every form and every price tier. And where we do that successfully, we see the results turning. You have heard us talk about U.S. value share being up 130 basis points plus 1. In Europe, where we have also invested in superiority, France, Germany, Spain, Russia, are all up in terms of value share significantly in excess of a point. So, bringing innovation at the same time as we price is the ideal scenario, which we are pushing in the U. S. Now slower growth rates and commodity pressures will continue to be headwinds. So, we need to acknowledge that. So productivity will also be a continued element of that toolbox we have to use to drive growth. But as we focus on superiority, drive market value, we have a business model that works as illustrated in the U. S. and Europe.
Andre Schulten: Yes. So to answer your question, our – we are growing mid-singles, so call it 3% to 4% on top-line. We have started to see some modest benefit to sales leverage. It really starts to gain traction above 4% growth rate across the income statement, and that’s what we have seen, I think in the most recent quarters. So, that’s a sweet spot where we want to be. Mid-singles growth allows for sustained margin expansion, which is our growth model that we are going after.
Andre Schulten: Yes. I think overall, I think you are reading it the right way. On the top-line, we see ourselves above the midpoint of the guidance range. On the EPS side, the main drivers, I would call out that will impact the balance of the fiscal year are macro factors. When you think about commodities, we had a 1% EPS headwind in quarter 3. But now we have included $125 million after-tax headwinds for commodities in the guidance. That will largely hit in quarter 4. Foreign exchange rate continues to be a headwind $150 million after tax, which is up $50 million versus what we have talked in our quarter 2 call. And then transportation would be the last element I would mention, at about $200 million after-tax included in the current guidance. Rates continue to be up. Drivers and rigs continue to be in short supply. Sea freight continues to be at a premium. So, we continue to see that pressure mounting and also impacting quarter two.
Andre Schulten: Well, the only other point I would make is I think the strength of our brands is a big effort when you come to e-comm. It ensures that we can be on the landing page in the search top results. I think the strength of our brands also plays to when you think about click and collect, our availability in terms of shells and therefore not being increase up for another Brent when we are out of stock, I think is a big advantage. So our logistics capability, I think, can create value in conjunction with retailers in the supply chain that is driven by e-com. So I think there are many areas of strength that we can apply to make sure we’re competitive in that environment.
Andre Schulten: Alright. So from a gross margin perspective, you will have seen, we have about a negative 40 basis points from mix. We’re actually being helped by the strong growth that we see in the U.S. and China from a region mix perspective. But you see negative segment mix impact in the quarter mainly driven by faster growth in Home Care and in Appliances and personal healthcare being down on the quarter. I want to call out that negative 40 basis points is not necessarily a negative structurally. Many of our premium propositions in the market come with significantly higher unit sales and unit profit, though with slightly dilutive gross margin mix impact, when you think about, for example, 50% premium on a unit sales basis, 20% higher penny profit, but minus 6% on a margin perspective. So, the same is true for Pampers Pure. When you think about fem care radiant variants, so premiumization, to some degree, carries a margin impact, but we much prefer the penny profit over the margin as we follow that strategy.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Andre. Our business exhibited strong momentum as I said earlier well before the COVID crisis. We have strengthened our position further during the crisis and we believe P&G is well positioned to serve to heighten needs and new behaviors of consumers and our retail and distributor partners post-crisis. We will manage what could be a volatile short to mid-term, consistent with the strategy we have outlined many times and again, this morning and against the immediate priorities of ensuring employee health and safety, maximizing availability of our products to serve cleaning, health and hygiene needs and helping society overcome the challenges of this crisis. We are stepping forward, not back. We are doubling down to serve our consumers and our communities. We are doing this in our interest, in the society’s interest and in the interest of our long-term shareowners. We look forward to talking with you through the quarter and look forward to having David join us on the year end call in July, when we will provide our initial outlook for fiscal ‘22. With that, we will be happy to take questions.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Dara. First, in comparison to prior cycles, this is one of the bigger increases in commodity costs that we’ve seen over the period of time that I have been involved with this, which is a fairly long period of time. That’s not all bad. When commodities move significantly and obviously they affect everyone, including both manufacturer brands and own label retail brands, the industry has pushed to price. When they move modestly, it can be much more difficult in that regard. We are also blessed to have very strong innovation in market and coming to market, which provides an opportunity to price in a value-accretive manner. We define value holistically. And we will be looking – our overall objective is to cover cost increases. It’s important – and I want to emphasize that, because I didn’t say cover or restore margin. It’s covering cost increases, which is inherently a little bit margin-dilutive, but we think that strikes the right balance, particularly when we can combine that pricing with innovation and increased perception of value across the portfolio. If we do that well, we should continue to grow markets, and we have talked about the math of growing markets. We do that disproportionately, which is certainly our intention. We will not lose share. We will, in effect, well, necessarily build share. All of that is easy to talk about. All of that is hard to execute. And it’s done at a very detailed level by brand, by market. And so it will play out differently across the world. The last very important point on this topic I want to make, if we go back to large commodity cost increase cycles in the past, this company had not yet fully embedded productivity into its mindset and activity system, and that will be a significant part of this endeavor going forward as well. And we feel good about opportunities to continue to increase productivity to help us manage this situation.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, Wendy. Many of these markets do indeed represent significant challenges, and I think it’s important we talk about that a little bit. So, that’s why I appreciate the question. The health situation in markets like India, Brazil, Turkey is worse than it’s ever been. The number of new cases, the number of hospitalizations, the number of deaths, unfortunately, was higher in the last week and over the weekend than has ever been the case. These markets do not have the healthcare infrastructure nor the financial means to provide subsidies to their citizenry. And as a result, when this happens, employment is affected. Consumption is affected. GDP is down significantly in some of these markets. No better time to help and to serve our consumers at a time of real need. We need to do that in a profitable way. And frankly, we, knock on wood, have never been more profitable in enterprise markets than we are as we sit here conversing today. So, the operational discipline that’s required is significant. We will have to make choices, but I fully expect, to the main point of your question, that these will be markets that will continue to offer top and bottom line growth opportunities for our company.
Jon Moeller: Steve, let me briefly address family, and then I am going to ask Andre to comment on Baby Care since U.S. Baby Care was the business that he led most recently. He is still very close to what’s happening there. We are pricing in the three categories that you mentioned because that’s where the commodity costs are – the increases are the more significant. It’s really that simple. From a Family Care standpoint, demand continues to be strong. We grew Family Care 5% in the quarter that we just completed. That’s even despite some reduction in household pantry inventory. But the usage at home continues to be above pre-COVID levels, and we are managing the balance between home inventory, store inventory and our own production very, very carefully. But the price increases for the near-term are going to be focused, as you rightly mentioned, in baby, family and adult incontinence, the largest of those is baby. I will ask Andre to comment on that.
Jon Moeller: Let me make just a few overarching comments, Lauren, and then have Andre talk about the income statement – leverage and the top-line growth leverage that you asked about. And the first overarching comment I want to make is we are literally just beginning to put together plans for ‘22. So, I apologize, but we really don’t have anything terribly intelligent or cohesive to talk about that. I do not expect, however, our priorities to change. I do not expect our strategy to change. I do not expect our business model to change. But the specifics of that are early in their development, and we look forward to talking to you about that, along with David, in July. I will turn it over to Andre just to talk about the income statement leverage.
Jon Moeller: Of course, that’s all in the context of for example, relatively constant commodity costs and no significant impacts from currency, etcetera. Our current outlook for market growth, and again, this changes on a daily, weekly, monthly basis, would be between 3% and 4%, likely rounding to 4%. Our objective is to grow ahead of that by disproportionately contributing to market growth. So, that would put us in the margin square that Andre outlined, again, prior to big impacts from other commodities or currency.
Jon Moeller: We will also continue to the point of your question on a couple of – previously, to maintain a very healthy investment profile to continue to hold and build our margin of superiority. And we will also continue, obviously, with our strong productivity program, which we will fund by effort. And with that, we are left back where Andre left us.
Jon Moeller: Thank you, Kevin. Pricing is a topic that we are limited in the perspective that we can actually provide relative to specific brands in country and in plans that relate to specific brands and countries. I wouldn’t – I would suggest that we not take that reality and conclude necessarily, but the only categories we are taking pricing in are the ones that have been mentioned. And the only country that we are taking pricing is the one that has been mentioned. This will be a holistic effort with productivity in mind, with innovation in mind. We are – our business model positions us on a relative basis well to deal with these situations for 2 reasons. One I have just mentioned, which is productivity is part of the culture, part of our DNA. We don’t have to start a program. Our program for next year is well underway. The second is an even more important way, is an innovation based business model, which positions us with opportunities to take pricing in a way that’s actually value accretive to consumers. And you can imagine that if you have those opportunities and they are spread out across the year, your pricing might be announced at different timing and might take effect at different times throughout the year. I would offer you 1 data point or 2 data points. Pricing has been, and it speaks to the business model point. Pricing has been a positive contributor to our top-line – sorry, a neutral or a positive contributor, but mostly positive to our top-line for 42 quarters out of the last 46 quarters and 15 years out of the last 16 years. That doesn’t guarantee anything going forward, but it points to the – again, the nature of our business model, which provides no guarantees, but does put us in a relatively better position with ways to help the top-line and the bottom-line as we work to manage this and continue to create value. Relative to the question on impact of commodities for next year, as I said earlier, we are really early in the process of putting next year together, couple that with a very volatile, both commodity and FX environment, and I would rather help you with specifics that are meaningful, closer to the beginning of the year.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Robert. The figures you referenced relative to channel growth are the correct figures as we see them. The growth is significant in both U.S. and China. Both markets have become even more competitive in the e-commerce channel, but I would argue that was true in brick-and-mortar channels as well or global market places becoming more global. And there is strong and healthy competition across channels and markets. The biggest opportunity for us from a superiority standpoint in the e-commerce channel, there are several. But fundamentally, first, second and third is, as you mentioned, superiority. That carries the day in this channel and categories where performance drives brand choice, as much as it does in every other channel. Now we need to scale our offerings in a way that best serve e-commerce and digital commerce consumers. And an example of one of the things we’re working on there is packaging, particularly for liquid products, ensuring those products survive the journey to a consumer’s home and when she opens box with delight. The conditions that, that bottle travels through are much more strenuous in an e-commerce context, and we need to have packaging that’s designed for that in mind. So that’s just an example. But the mindset of superiority across everything is the same in that channel as well as any other channels. Andre, I don’t know if you have any more perspective on that question from a Baby Care perspective.
Jon Moeller: Encouragingly, in-stock and available on shelf is becoming a very common language for us and our retail partners. It is front and center in the development of our joint business plans, and we have opportunities there, as do our retail partners. And that landscape of opportunities is changing all the time. Andre mentioned click and collect. That presents a unique set of challenges and opportunities as it relates to having products available. We’re well positioned in that space, as he mentioned. But this is an area that is receiving a lot of intentional focus both internally and, importantly, in partnership with our retail partners.
Jon Moeller: I think I caught most of that. We’re going to refrain from commenting specific pricing moves in any country across any category. That’s just a better place to be. Again, we’ve talked a lot about intent on this call and we’ve talked about mechanism and method on this call, and I think those are clear. And the rest, we are going to have to stay tuned if available. It also would not make a lot of sense for us to talk about price increases in certain markets and certain categories without having had a discussion with our retail partners. So I’m really – I apologize, but I said what I could say on pricing, I think it’s very constructive in terms of both our intent and our ability to balance that in a way that makes sense for everybody.
Jon Moeller: There is a lot going on within Asia Skin Care. For many of the prestige beauty companies, big parts of their business were severely impacted by COVID. Think about salon-based treatments, offerings that went through specialty beauty channels, which are effectively shut, as an example, travel retail. And as a result, they are smartly investing in a category that continues to offer significant growth, is very profitable and is open, and that is China Skin Care. So, one dynamic that we have happening is a lot of competitive activity. That’s not inherently bad. That grows markets. And if you look at, for example, SK-II, we grew SK-II globally strong double digits, over 30% in the quarter that we just completed. Within that, Mainland China, we grew over 50%. Part of that dynamic is something else that’s going on, which is the movement of purchase from travel retail and from travel in general, so for example, consumers traveling to Japan to buy prestige beauty products, which they are no longer doing. That purchase that, consumption has not gone away, and that purchase is shifting into the Chinese market, which is feeding significant growth if you report business on a mainland China basis. But it’s very encouraging that we’re delivering the growth that we are in SK-II. It’s been a little bit tougher for Olay, simply because one of the mechanisms that companies are using to compete and take advantage of this opportunity is to reduce prices. And so the gap between Olay and some of the others kind of changes the competitive dynamic. And quite frankly, we need to work to premiumize our lines even more to be fully competitive with some of these brands, which we’re in the midst of doing. But overall, beauty grew 7%. Skin and Personal Care grew 7%. Hair Care grew 7%. We’ve grown organic sales for 22 quarters. It’s a business we really like, and SK-II is an important part of it, as is Olay.
Jon Moeller: Well, certainly, a continuation of sales growth rate is important to maintain some level of margin growth rate. And we’ve been very clear about that from the beginning. I also think that you need to be careful when you think just about commodities in terms of its effect on the gross margin, even on a net basis of pricing because that’s not the only thing going on. So for example, there have been significant cost increases associated with COVID in terms of being able to operate safely and successfully that we would expect over some period of time, God willing, as we get through this, both here and in other countries could be an opportunity for productivity and cost reduction. So this – I’ve talked about this many times, but there is a chart that I show our leadership team meeting, our team whenever we get together, which simply shows the importance of the combination of sales growth and margin growth and delivering top third TSR. And the simple fact is that if we don’t grow margin and we want to deliver top third TSR, we would need to be comfortable sustainably growing sales, organic sales 8% every year. And that’s not something that our industry has historically done. It’s not something we’ve historically done, but we remain committed through our innovation programs, through productivity, through the right amount of pricing to continue some level of operating margin growth.
Jon Moeller: I would say that our position as regards superiority, again, in categories where performance drives brand ice and our advantage versus competition in that regard as well as the other vectors of superiority has a stronger correlation with our results than the development of any channel within the category or across categories. In aggregate, our market shares in e-commerce are about equal to brick-and-mortar. There are countries where it’s lower. There are countries where it’s higher. There are categories where it’s lower. There are categories where it’s higher. And the same is true generally for margin. So all that put together wouldn’t necessarily indicate that were preferenced by the development of one channel versus the other. And of course, you also get into – increasingly, we should be talking about digital commerce. And that is, as someone mentioned earlier on the call, just as important for Walmart or Target as it is for Amazon or Alibaba. So when we think about channel differences, that historically, in the past, was a customer difference. That’s no longer the case. So there is a blending that’s occurring as well. But we are very comfortable and, in fact, encouraged by the development of digital commerce in general across all of those forms. We feel we’re well positioned. Andre mentioned some of the reasons earlier. I have talked ad nauseam about how this is actually a limited assortment environment as opposed to an unlimited assortment environment and as a result, how the barriers to entry can be even higher for non leading brands in some of these channels. But we want to be available, relevant, super attractive, wherever consumers want to shop, and if it happens to be more digital commerce, we’re prepared to serve.
Jon Moeller: So I think that’s – yes, I want to thank everybody for your time. I really do feel we’re in a good place, albeit with challenges, as we’ve talked in this call. Again, I go to – let me just quickly go through one dynamic. We talked about how – the biggest question that I get is, what’s this all going to look like post COVID. And I look at just a couple of things as indicators of that. I don’t have the full answer. But if we go back to a COVID-normalized, non-affected environment, so how are we growing pre-COVID? We were growing the top line at about 6%. We were growing the bottom line high singles. So, very strong momentum with the current strategy and a portfolio of leading brands and daily use categories for performance stage franchise and a very effective, highly competent organization executing against that strategy. All of that has carried forward into COVID and has built momentum. So fiscal year-to-date, as we were talking earlier, organic sales up 7% core earnings per share up 14%. And if we flash forward to a transition to post COVID normal, whatever that looks like. I would just point to two data points. Our two largest markets, the U.S. is arguably beginning the transition to a new normal; China has arguably transitioned to a new level or closer to that than most other large countries. In the U.S., in the last quarter, we grew 7% on the top line. In China in the last quarter, we grew 22% on the top line, albeit against a base that was partly lockdown-affected. If you look at it on a 2-year stack basis, we’re up 12%. We are also importantly globally, on an aggregate basis, building share. And none of that is to brag, and none of that is to guarantee future success. But as I look at that combination of data, it’s hard to believe that those same strategies, brands, people that delivered success pre-COVID and during COVID are all of a sudden not going to be delivering attractive results. And that’s our commitment and our plan. With that, we will let you go. Again, thank you very, very much for your time this morning.
