Jon Moeller: We do expect that there’s some stickiness to new habits that are being formed, and new awareness that’s been raised. It’s hard for us to see in our interactions with consumers, that we’re going to snap back and revert to the same attitudes and the same behaviors that we had collectively pre-COVID. Even things like the amount of inventory, pantry inventory I keep. In some ways, this is analogous that some of us remember our grandparents, for example, having survived the great depression, and they continued to hold on some more food and canned items that I could ever understand. But, it was because of what they’ve been through. Consumer habits, once they’re established in our categories are rarely reversed. On occasion, under duress, they will be. But generally, once people start using a category, once they form a habit, it’s phase. I’m sure there’ll be some level of reversion. But, we do expect a permanent change at some level as well. Duration, your call is as good as mine. I have no ability to predict what’s going to happen here from a viral standpoint or from a medical solution standpoint.
Jon Moeller: On the margin, it can have an impact on where we want to play. We’re happy with each of our current categories. The question is, are there additional opportunities that we want to be able to access? So, for example, we launched a hand sanitizer in the U.S. under the Safeguard brand name. You’re aware of the Microban 24 surface disinfectant, which we’re working hard to increase capacity on so we can meet very-high demands for that product. So generally, again, our portfolio is going to daily-use categories, performance drives brand choice, heavily centered on health, hygiene and a clean home is going to serve us very well on the situation, just as it did prior. But, the situation does present additional opportunities to step up and serve and help consumers with their health, hygiene and clean home needs.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Robert. I want to start in a slightly different place, but I’m going to bring it right around to the core of your question. So, be patient with me. We are maniacally focused on increasing and leading market growth. And when we do that, we do that with superior products, continuously increasing our margin of advantage, meeting additional needs, solve intention points across the portfolio. When we disproportionately are able to drive market growth, mathematically, we build share. And that share growth is much more sustainable achieved that way and is much generally much more profitable than if we were sourcing market share by taking business from other companies. So, we’d rather create than take, and in the process more sustainably build market share, which is very important, as well as sales and profit. In terms of e-commerce, it’s a very competitive marketplace, just like other channels that we compete in. So, there are always ups and downs across categories. But, we find that the same general strategy that I articulated in our prepared remarks and that I just described parts of it and what I just provided is highly relevant in e-commerce, just like it is in brick and mortar. And we don’t see a lot of -- there’s some, but we don’t see a ton of differentiation between our ability to succeed in an e-commerce format and a offline format, when we execute our strategies and when our products in categories where performance drives brand choice are truly superior. So, that’s our focus. We look carefully at overall share progress online versus offline and margin progress online versus offline in an area, which is always dangerous. Of course, operationally, we move to lower levels of aggregation. We’re indifferent between online and offline shopping, which is exactly where we want to be. I mentioned we grew e-commerce sales 50% in the quarter that we just completed. E-commerce sales are now probably 11% to 12% of our total. So, they’re important. And we’re just as focused on being successful in that channel as we are the others.
Jon Moeller: No surprise to you or anyone on this call, we continue to operate in a highly uncertain environment with many more drivers of that uncertainty than we’re historically accustomed to. And that certainly helps frame guidance, if not guidance ranges. Second, we’ve got a long way to go. So, we’re through one quarter, we’ve got three more quarters to execute on in this very dynamic environment. Third, market growth, which is where we start in our outlook process, looks to be kind of 3% to 4% on a normalized basis. That’s global. And so, 4% to 5%, as our new fiscal year guidance range is consistent with our desire to build market share, but I think realistic in its approach. Also, the quarter we just completed has two elements, and you mentioned one of them that will drive a higher top line result. The first is, there’s been -- there was inventory replenishment to the trade during the quarter that was probably worth a point or two. And you mentioned as well lower levels of promotion. We still have categories where we have replenishment work to do. So, some of that benefit will carry forward into subsequent quarters, but many of our categories are for now replenished. And from a promotion standpoint, we’ve returned to somewhat normal levels of promotion in most categories in the U.S. except those where we still have work to catch up on replenishment, where demand exceeds our ability -- our current ability to supply, and that would be our Home Care business, our tissue/towel business and parts of our Health Care business. We do expect some normalization of promotion rates in the back half of the year. So, as we get into 2021, exactly what the cadence is of that and exactly what level things return to is not entirely clear. We’re going to continue where we have the opportunity to prioritize spend on innovation and equity. There is nothing proprietary in promotion. But, we will be competitive from a promotion standpoint. I know that answer lacks the specificity you are looking for. The best I can do with the current state of a knowledge and the current state of volatility. I think, Dara, the question behind the question is, is there a possible upside to the guidance range? I think the answer is yes. But, I would also hasten to add that there’s also downside. There is just a lot of moving pieces right now.
Jon Moeller: Sure, Lauren. That is a -- Personal Health Care is a very attractive field of play, to use your description. It’s one that, you are right, we’ve been investing behind. We purchased the German Merck OTC portfolio, which we’re still in the middle of integrating, but very successfully. Our top-line growth on that business and our heritage P&G Personal Health Care business outside the United States, to your question of international, is growing at growth rates -- very attractive growth rates, high singles, double digits in some cases, ahead of the plan when we purchased those assets. And the good news is, cost synergies are also coming in nicely. So, that does give us confidence to continue looking for smart ideas to expand the current portfolio and to look for additional opportunities to create value with. And we’ll be doing that. The German Merck OTC assets gave us about $1 billion sales international business, again, combined with things like Vicks and the heritage P&G portfolio. So, we now have a meaningful presence in many parts of the world that puts us -- and we’ve secured capabilities that put us in a position to drive this business and do it profitably. And that will be one of our focus areas going forward. Though I don’t want to overemphasize that opportunity, we have, as you know, spent a lot of time and a lot of effort to land in the 10 categories that we’ve landed in. And our intention is to grow and to win and to seize opportunities and to do it profitably in each of them. But clearly, we see those same opportunities in the over-the-counter medicines business.
Jon Moeller: We’ve talked for some time. David began talking about this at CAGNY several years ago, about the importance of winning in the U.S. and China. And we’ve been very intentional in establishing superior positions across our categories in those two markets. Even our organization design is structured to allow our -- the leadership of our Company to focus their time and effort on the focus markets with, as you say, China and U.S. being the most focused of the focused markets. And the combination of that organization choice, that prioritization choice and the execution of holistic strategy are what are making the difference in the U.S. and in China. The U.S. and China, from a category growth standpoint do have category growth rates that are higher on average than some other parts of the world. I take Europe as an example; currently, Southeast Asia, Middle East and Africa, as an example. But, I don’t think that that is -- I mean, there is significant opportunity across the geographic portfolio, witnessed in the quarter we just completed, we grew organic sales and we grew earnings in every geographic segment. So, as we fully and holistically execute the strategy on a global basis, there should be opportunity to improve growth rates in the non-U.S. and non-China business. And we’re going to have to work really hard to maintain strong growth rates in the U.S. and China, where we have very strong and able competition. The growth rates that we delivered most recently are very strong, very attractive. They were pre-COVID. They were certainly in the U.S. during covert, not so much in China. And the rebound in China has been encouraging to see. But, I think, from a sustainable standpoint, and we talked about this at Lauren’s conference in the fall, earlier in the fall, you need to really start with what you expect market growth to be and assume we can build a couple of share points or a little bit of share on top of that to really ground yourself on what’s reasonable to deliver over longer periods of time. Now, as I said earlier in this conversation, we have a responsibility to impact that market growth, and we believe we’ve done that certainly in the U.S., and we need to continue doing that. Very long-winded question, but the disproportionate growth in the U.S. and China is partly a function of those markets. It’s partly a function of priority. It’s partly a function of the execution of the strategy, and I think it has -- it’s already had application elsewhere and will continue to even more so, as we move forward.
Jon Moeller: I’m going to suggest you get with John Chevalier after the call. He can give you a more specific number on retail offtake during the quarter. Going at it kind of from the top of my head, I would guess it’s probably 7 or 8, but John can help you with that. In terms of Grooming, Grooming continues to be a very attractive business. We grew the top-line on our Grooming business globally two years ago. We grew it last year, so two years in a row of growth. And we grew at 6% in the quarter that we just completed. Part of that -- part of the pickup in the business is a result of a more holistically serving all consumers. So, we’ve talked about SkinGuard as an example that was designed to meet the needs of a high percentage of men who had sensitive skin, for whom shaving was painful, and reduced that barrier to shave frequency and shaving in general. We launched now in some channels and in some parts of the world, a whole lineup of products under the brand of King C. Gillette that are designed to serve men who choose to maintain facial hair, so everything from trimmers to beard wax to conditioners, et cetera, and that has been going very, very well. And the third thing I would point to is very strong innovation on our dry shave business, which grew -- has been growing very attractively as well. This will continue to be a competitive category because of the attractiveness of the category. You should assume that that is built into our thinking and built into our plans. And I want to avoid any specific reference to pricing or promotion in a specific category of business. But, we are -- we like this business. It’s growing. It’s very profitable, highly cash-generative, and it’s something we’ll be investing behind.
Jon Moeller: I really don’t know how to break volume down with any confidence along the lines that you’re requesting. So, I apologize for that. We have some great positions in diapers around the world, particularly in the pant style form, where we’re market leaders, and that is the fastest-growing segment of the diaper market on a global basis. We’re also doing very well in the premium portion of the business. As you rightly point out, we have not been superior in the middle of the market, what we call mainline. And we have, as you would expect, been working hard on that and have innovation coming to market across the world, beginning this quarter and next, and carrying on through 2021, which we expect to address that situation.
Jon Moeller: We want to serve consumers in a superior fashion wherever they choose to shop. And that’s really our focus. So, we’re not focused on one channel versus another. We prefer to be channel-agnostic and let the consumer make that choice. And as long as we’re very well-positioned with a superior product, a superior package that’s relevant for the channel, communication that’s relevant to the channel and have the right value, if they choose to shop in e-commerce, we’ll win. If they choose to shop in brick-and-mortar, we’ll win. If they choose a hybrid shopping experience like click and collect, if we’re appropriately positioned, we should do very well. So, that’s our focus vis-à-vis any specific channel focus. Within that, DTC clearly can play a role. As you mentioned, in some of our businesses, it’s already a significant part of the operating model. It’s -- it allows us to get closer to consumers to understand, to have an even better understanding of their needs and their habits, including their purchase habits, and that all can be very complementary and important in the broader context. So, you will see us continue to increase our DTC presence, but again, not at the preference of -- or the de-prioritization of any other channel of trade.
Jon Moeller: I’m going to start where you ended, Olivia, and then I’ll come back to competition. The strong quarters that we’ve been putting together are a reflection of our brand portfolio and our strategies, which built momentum for the business prior to COVID, have maintained momentum through COVID and allowed us to accelerate in the quarter that we just completed. These are a set of strategies in an activity system that were well suited to the pre-COVID environment, as we saw reflected in our results; are very well suited to the COVID environment, as you see reflected in our results; and we expect will be very well suited to someday a post-COVID environment. And that set of strategies and importantly the execution behind them on the part of 99,000 P&G men and women around the world is what’s driving, as you rightly point to, growth on the top-line and the bottom line across each of our franchises. We talked about the challenge we still have in Baby Care and how we’re going to address that. But 9 out of 10 categories grew top-line in the quarter. Each of our geographic regions grew top-line in the quarter, and that’s really reflective of the execution of this integrated set of strategies that we’ve been working on for some time. We feel that is the best insulation against what is certainly a competitive marketplace across the board. I want to be careful though that we don’t react necessarily to competitive statements about spending as inherently inducing risk. Competitive spending that’s constructively structured and that grows -- increases consumer awareness and participation in categories is not a bad thing. So, what’s more important is the how or the what. And we’re early in the execution of some of those competitive agendas, and we’ll see. But, I know for sure that our best chance of continuing our momentum and doing it profitably is to continue to execute the strategy that’s been working for us so well.
Jon Moeller: So, within the 300 basis points of operating margin improvement, about two-thirds is attributable to sales leverage, which still leaves a healthy third, around 100 basis points. That’s due to the net of savings and productivity and our reinvestment in superiority. So, that’s the breakdown that you’ve asked for. We are very clear in our own minds that on a going basis, we need to grow the top-line and we need to grow margin. So, everything we’re executing is designed to do both, both now and moving forward.
Jon Moeller: Thanks, Nik. I’m not smart enough to know where this all lands. What I can do is look at the data that are available to date. And that’s a fairly encouraging set of data. If we look at private label shares as a proxy for trade down, U.S. private label shares in the last three-month period are down 1 full point, which is an acceleration in the decline versus the prior three-month period, and the same dynamic generally holds true in Europe. There is just a heightened need for products that deliver against health, hygiene and clean home concerns and a willingness to spend just a little bit more to ensure that I’m using a product that I know and trust and believe will work for me and for my family. So, in most of our categories, that’s the dynamic that’s playing. Supporting that direction, unlike prior crisis, or very different from prior crisis, is a whole reconfiguration of the consumer budget. They’re not spending money generally on travel, on entertainment, at a meal at a restaurant, on apparel. So, they do have some flexibility. It’s more prevalent now than has been the case historically, which they can redirect and many are redirecting if they choose to do so. Now, I want to be careful here. I’m not suggesting that there isn’t greater economic stress ahead of us or that it won’t have more of an impact than we’ve seen thus far. I just don’t have the ability to predict where that goes or lands. I can only really reflect on what we’ve seen thus far, which is in total, encouraging.
Jon Moeller: First of all, any meaningful change in the tax structure at the corporate level in all probability requires a change in the executive branch and control of the Senate. So, that’s the first handicapping that anybody has to do in order to understand whether there’s likely to be change. The second point I would make is, there’s a lot of conversation and rhetoric at the surface of this issue. But, if we go back to why did so many of us push so hard for so long on corporate tax reform, and again, I’m dealing with the corporate piece of this, and why was it eventually enacted. There were some very powerful and important motivators that I don’t think have diminished in their importance. The first was we wanted American companies to be fully competitive in non-American markets, which would give American companies every opportunity to attract capital, to grow, to create jobs, to increase America’s standard of living. The second motivation was to prevent capital flight to make it attractive to be domiciled and headquartered here in America as opposed to moving operations to other parts of the world. And the third, which is closely related to the second, is we wanted to incent capital formation onshore versus offshore. Those are very strong motivators and very important dynamics that I don’t think anyone’s going to casually walk past. So, I just offer that in terms of the amount of thought, deliberation and consideration that I expect will go into any recommended change that to date collectively hasn’t been applied most recently to this question. So, I’m stopping shorter than a specific answer on the numerics. It’s going to be highly dependent on the details of what if anything happens. And that answer is going to be driven by, I think, a lot more reflection on the three questions that I just mentioned as well as some others.
Jon Moeller: I understand the question on the breakdown of dry versus wet shave. I don’t have the data. But, if you call John, he can certainly get that for you. The commodity environment, in my way of thinking, hasn’t changed dramatically since we provided guidance for the year. There’s been an increase in pulp, as an example, an increase in some of the other items we purchased. But, overall, it’s a relatively, on a historical basis, benign environment at the moment. Oil and the petro complex is generally somewhat range-bound. I’ll leave it there.
Jon Moeller: Mix is a very complicated animal because there is not just category mix, but there is geographic mix. And so, for example, when the U.S. grows faster than almost any other market, both with its sales rate or revenue per case and its profitability, that has a significant impact as do the category differences that you referenced. To get to the conundrum of gross margin going one way as it relates to mix and P&L going another way, I’ve talked about this quite a bit. And it’s a reason that I really don’t -- I’m not focused on margins. We’re not focused on margins. I don’t want that to scare anybody because I didn’t say we weren’t focused on profit and cash. But, margins are an interesting animal. I can’t put margins in a bank. I can’t return margins to shareowners. I can’t really invest margins in innovation. What I can do, what we can do is invest profit and cash in each of those things. We can put that in the bank. We can redistribute that to shareholders that we can invest it in increasing our margin of superiority. We have -- many of our premium offerings carry a lower gross margin but a higher penny profit. Laundry unit dose is an example of that dynamic. I’ll take that higher penny profit every day of the week, even though it may degrade our gross margin to some degree. But, that’s the dynamic, the delta between a margin and penny profit that’s driving the math that you’re seeing. And that’s why we can’t get hung up in margins per se. But, we should be very hung up on profit and cash.
Jon Moeller: Just one bit of summary for those of you who are still on the line. Again, as we reflect on this quarter, the point that I think is most important to take away is the momentum of the business and the robustness of the strategy and the brand portfolio that are driving that momentum, pre-COVID, during COVID, now, post-COVID. And I’m happy to talk at greater length about that with any of you as the day and the week progresses. But, that is the takeaway here. And I really appreciate your time and your questions. Have a great day.
