Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question, Steve. So, the primary reason we are growing faster in the market really has sort of two layers to it. First of all, in just seeing new networks being put in place that used to be fiber-poor and because of the requirements in our innovations are going to be fiber-rich. So in a way for us you can think about it as it’s not just more networks right, but basically it’s more us in the network and that’s why you start to see us begin to differentiate for the industry growth. Take something like wireless as everybody has heard a lot about 4G densification or 5G, wireless today is a relatively fiber lean architecture. As you move to the wireless of the future, you end up adding a lot of glass, so as they talk about wireless networks densifying what that really means is they are glassifying. And so if you compare us to others who already in the wireless market, we were pretty small, but now we are getting pretty big, because of our innovations in the requirements for what it is, how you need fiber optics expertise offer. You see a similar dynamic happening in datacenters with the continued strong growth really at the percent of the load that’s cloud based, which then allows when you do things like public cloud into very large private cloud. You would concentrate much more processing power, right, that is shared across many, that then makes it more economical, which we have that bandwidth all in one place, so start using fiber where you used to use copper, so once again, a substitution effect. Now, all of these things are furthered by the dynamic that we have a set of unique innovations in all of those areas that give us some additional advantage versus other players. So that’s why you tend to see the difference. Now, then you asked another question which is where do we expect to see the growth here in the coming years. We expect to see it being driven by in access networks, especially with an accent on wireless densification. And then we do expect to see a hyperscale datacenter business to continue to grow strongly and has now a new concept of sort of what edge compute and where edge cloud is that also opening up some opportunities for us. So, sorry for the long answer, Steve and does that get at the core of what you are talking about.
Wendell Weeks: That’s a really good question. So you rise if they tend to be pretty big construction projects to the little like our access network builds, which are also big civil works projects. They can be kind of lumpy. I think what the new contracts do here not so much has changed the civil works of reality of putting in these large facilities. As it does is it increases both the size of our business and the number of different areas that we are doing, the number of different customers that we are doing it with and the number of different locations we are building at. So by increasing the number of projects in a way it becomes a little smoother, not because the individual projects aren’t lumpy, they are, but that they end up being in slightly different stages at different times. But I am quite sure at some point we will hit a time where things look a little lumpier because the number of the projects go together.
Wendell Weeks: Sure, Mehdi. Let me take the display question first. I mean, clearly what happened to us in display in the first half of the year is that we saw our – some margin contraction and that was driven both by our investment in Gen 10.5, but then was also driven by our fleet optimization. And what we saw in the second half of the year was the benefit of those things to occur. And you saw it in the fourth quarter results where our profits were up more than our – the sales were I mean year-over-year basis. And so when we have always talked about stabilization, what we have talked about is getting to a certain profit level and continuing that on a going forward basis. And we think that we feel good about the stabilization we saw in the second half, in fact the fact that we grew profits in the second half and we think that’s evidence of the strategy that we have been working on for a number of years really starting to pay off. And then to the content piece and wearables going outside of smartphone, we of course expect smartphones for the foreseeable future to be people’s primary device. But where we are making really strong progress is in the areas like wearables, notebooks and augmented realty, right. And so in wearables and notebooks what we have done in both of those areas is introduced using our vapor deposition technologies new composite materials that take our value on something like a wearable and in notebook up like a factor of five. And so either outside smartphones you can see us playing the same basic approach which is getting our new innovations adopted in those areas that also allows to add value. Then you have entirely new device categories like augmented reality where you are seeing the potential start to take shape for really significant innovation and the vast new device category, but it’s soon, it’s too soon to get too excited about it. This is the time for all the positioning innovations and that’s something that years from now will offer a larger opportunity for us than what it is smartphones do today. But that’s going to take a while to develop.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for noticing what everything that our customers are saying about us. As I shared last quarter basically our AutoGrade Interior opportunity has come a lot faster than we were ready for operationally. And so we’re investing in a dedicated plant that uses our unique vapor deposition technologies and a part-making capability to be able to set up to start to serve that really strong committed demand that we’re getting. I think this year is going to be that year where you’re seeing the real breakthrough and you’ll start to see the revenues really start to flow. Getting it exactly right of where on the adoption curve we are, we’re still a little early, right, to be able to accurately call while I think the rate of adoption is going to be excellent, revenue growth is going to be, why, we’re still a little bit early to be able to call it, but the great news is, is that’s going to be a real business and it’s going to have real revenues and we’re investing against it and ultimately, we think it’s going to be a real big business. If we’re right on our innovations and this product is as cool as we think it is, we’ll go and like this.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. Wamsi, overall, we’re really pleased with our gross margin performance. We said at the beginning of 2018 that we’re investing intensely and that would lead to significant growth and margin expansion in the back half and that’s exactly what happened. Our sales were up 16% in back half over the first half and our gross margins expanded about 150 basis points. And we expect going forward continued strong margin performance both in dollars and percentages but does get somewhat muted by investments that we’re making. And the good news is, those investments are for committed growth in Optical Communications, GPF, and then Auto Glass, and we’re going to start seeing those investments starting in Q2, the benefits of those investments and it’s going to expand from there. Now in any given quarter things are going to be impacted by seasonality of our businesses like it is in the first quarter by the various mixes that we have in the businesses, but we’re happy with our – each of our businesses’ performances, they are the best in the industries and also just like the total impact of these investments. So, in Q1 you see some of these investments impacting us, but the main reason why Q1 is down versus Q4 is really the seasonality not the investments. In terms of China, we were happy with the approach we took in the third and the fourth quarter. It turned out that we were exactly right on both in terms of where the auto production ended up in China and also from a TV standpoint. So, we feel good about that and as we go forward into next year, we’re assuming the declines in both of those markets and the strong guidance that I gave you for the year.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. Let me start with the Display guidance. Fundamentally, what drives our, the Glass market and Display, of course, is screen size. And in 2018, the screen size drove the market growth to the mid single-digits and that’s what we expect to happen again. Now, we also were benefited a little bit in 2018, where the number of TV units went up, but that’s still – what really matters here is the screen size growth. As we go into 2019 we again think the market is going to grow about the mid single-digits and what’s driving that is the screen size growth. Now, most people looking at the market think that TV units themselves are going to be flat to down a little bit, a lot of that being driven in China and we have factored that into our projections. But what really drives the market is the screen size growth and we expect it once again to be in about the mid single-digits. Now we will grow faster than that because of the Gen 10.5 ramp. But generally speaking, it’s about the mid single-digits. Relative to Specialty Materials, again what really drives the growth there is the technology adoption of our products, which as Wendell would say, having more Corning in those products. Last year, I think most people believe smartphones were down a little bit. That’s what they are projecting again for this year, lot of that being driven in China, but the reason that we are confident that we can be up is because of the adoption of the technologies. How much were going to be up will depend on the actual timing of that adoption, but we feel pretty good about that.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. We are really thrilled with our performance in our Optical Communications business. I mean, we have both been growing sales significantly and we have been growing our profitability even greater than that. And that’s what the real focus is on any given business unit at Corning. I mean, that’s how we measure the business unit success and we are having great success in Optical Communications. We have had some margin expansion in that business and I would expect to continue to have some margin expansion in that business. And I think that’s the way to model. We don’t spend a lot of time comparing business to business, because each of them have different economics and different levels of investment, but I mean we feel great about the Optical Communications performance.
Tony Tripeny: No, we feel great about our organic growth and in fact if you look at the Q1 numbers, the organic growth is almost about 20% on a year-over-year basis. So we feel really good about organic growth.
