Wendell P. Weeks: We're seeing very – thanks, Vijay. We're seeing really very, very strong demand. And we're feeling the most strength out of our carrier business, but we're also seeing good strength in enterprise. We're really tight, which is why you heard from Tony about our investments in capacity. We expect that tightness to continue for the foreseeable future until we're able to get that capacity up and running. So right now, the market seems very, very strong to us, sir.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yeah. I think stepping back from this, the key thing to keep an eye on is we don't expect to invest more than $10 billion. We think the $10 billion in the capital allocation plan, when we put it together, we had all these things in mind. Now, it is true that the exact timing of the different innovations and the exact timing of when you need capacity is really hard to call within any given six-month time period. But also I think the plan is, we're going to invest $10 billion, we don't see the need to invest more, and how the timing works out is going to follow the flow of programs. And probably its predictability isn't worth spending a ton of time on because the total capital allocation flow is going to be what we described.
Wendell P. Weeks: So, Patrick, I think you're right to note that the exact predictability of the mobile consumer electronics supply chain can be problematic. Now given that, let me sort of express the way we're feeling right now and how we're experiencing that supply chain. Right now, we continue to see very, very strong pull as we look forward to this quarter. So that's the way we're experiencing it. We're not experiencing a slowdown, and you see that in our own way in which we're operating tank fleets, right? We're actually having to run a little bit longer than maybe we would've liked, and a little bit less than on an optimum utilization base, and it's really because of that strength. This doesn't mean that all of a sudden the supply chain in mobile consumer electronics has become highly predictable. It has not. But I hope it helps that you get a sense for how we're experiencing at least our piece of that supply chain at this time.
Wendell P. Weeks: I think as we think about gross margin long term, if that's your core question, because I think in the medium term or in the near term I think Tony is right on that, a) what we're trying to do is just make more money for our shareholders and we pay a lot more attention to that and to win in all the various markets, and so then that becomes really a mix question. But as you think longer term, our businesses that are capital intense, we're going to generate extremely high gross margins on. And some of the businesses we talk about mix being a little bit of less gross margin percent in, right, like Opto (46:09), tend to be a lot more capital light. And so what's really driving us is how do we generate that really powerful return on invested capital to the capital that we deploy. And in certain businesses, where to generate that, the gross margin percent must be very, very high, right? And then, for other business that are relatively asset-light, we will tend to have a little less gross margin percent, right, but a lot fast returns. And so as we work our way through that, I think as you think long-term about the business, we're still going to be pretty capital-intense. So you should expect us to have pretty sticky gross margins sort of in this very high level relative to other companies. That in combination with being the lowest cost producer in the world, certainly helps.
Wendell P. Weeks: I think it really comes down to something pretty straightforward, Wamsi, which is that in Tony's answer, we said greater than $12.5 billion to start when we put this together. And, really, it just comes down to the cash generation, which we are right on target for. So if we continue to be right on target for cash generation, you can expect it to be above $12.5 billion, right, and we think we can get done what we need to get done to be able to drive growth over the next decade with our $10 billion. So that's a good way to think about it if you want to think about it analytically. At such time as we're ready to be able to discuss openly a decision to get a little more specific rather than greater than $12.5 billion, we'll be sure to get back to you. This, of course, is something we have to work through with our board of directors, and I wouldn't expect an announcement relatively rapidly. We're only part of the way through this, but this is something that is always top of mind with us and you can expect us to give it really crisp and due consideration.
Wendell P. Weeks: I think that's a really astute question. I think we don't have enough data yet to be able to reach a high-confidence conclusion. Very sound question, though. Working on the mobile consumer electronics supply chain, understanding and clarity and correlation between our shipments and new product launches is something that occupies a good amount of our analytics time. But at this point in time, we just don't have enough data to reach a high-confidence call. But great question.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yeah. We're seeing really nice momentum. Now that being said, this is an industry that moves at a very deliberate pace. So we tend not to try to get overly excited, because you win today for revenue that's in the farther future. But we're feeling really good. And it's interesting, in any innovation that is pretty disruptive like this one is, then what you tend to try to do is you'll get positive surprises and negative surprises; and when you get the positive surprises, you start to double down on them. I'd say we're getting some really nice positive surprises right now in automotive interiors. People's vision for what they want to do in the interior of vehicles is quite stirring and is driving them very much into the arms of our material set and our co-innovation approach. So we're actually – been investing an awful lot of time and attention into that, and we're getting really, really nice pull. So I think that's what you're sort of sensing is the exteriors is going about how we would anticipate with the normal deliberate pacing and we're getting really nice positive surprises that we're doubling down on in interiors. And what's interesting is the type of innovations that they want, a very high revenue generation want because of the value add they want from us around optics, around shape. So that revenue opportunity is looking very attractive right now.
Wendell P. Weeks: So I think it is quite accurate to make the observation that we're having a lot of strength in carrier and that in enterprise and cloud, the predictability and consistency of that has been a little bit less than carrier. That being said, even though the total actual pacing of how that whole market works can be a little more difficult to predict. One of the reasons you see what you see in our numbers is growing adoption of more and more of our product set and more and more cloud-based providers. So I don't know that you can necessarily look at our revenue alone and then conclude what exactly is going on in the total market because you're having a combination of yes, some wind in the total but also we're getting up some more sale area, so people are liking, our customers are liking our product set more and more across a wider footprint, if that make sense to you, sir.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, first of all, let me thank everyone for joining us today and let me reiterate how pleased we are with our continued positive momentum. Our focus is on closing out 2017 strong and then keeping that momentum headed into next year. As we've said, we're on track to deliver the overall goals of our strategy and capital allocation framework and we're excited about the rich set of opportunities ahead of us. And we look forward to staying in touch.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. I think as you think going forward, as we continue to have greater success, we will increase that investment. If you think about capital spending, for example, in the first year we just spent $1.2 billion. We're going to spend more than $1.5 billion this year because of the success that we're having with the capacity expansions that are required right now. I think the second thing to keep in mind is, is that from an RD&E standpoint, we're consistently investing there, but there will be opportunities to continue to grow that a little bit as we continue to have success. The other thing to remember is, is that that is no more than 10% from a gross standpoint. Some of that comes from M&A, and that M&A depends on just when those opportunities actually make themselves available. But clearly we spent in the first half a little bit less than what you'd expect, and so it's likely we'll spend a little bit more in the second half of the four-year plans, mostly as long as those opportunities are there and it makes a lot of sense to invest in them.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah. So let me start with the panel price question. As we've laid out, over the last three years, we've been on a favorable trend relative to pricing, and we just reported that we've entered a period of single-digit decline territory. And we expect this to continue, and if you think about over the last three years, pricing has improved every single year despite what's happening from a panel price, whether panel price is increasing, whether panel prices are decreasing, we're seeing that pricing environment from a glass standpoint to improve. And the reason we think that's the case is it's driven by the factors we've laid out in the past: glass supply/demand, which we expect to remain balanced or even tight; our competitor profitability; and then finally, the need for glassmakers to generate acceptable returns on manufacturing investments. And so those are the reasons that we think on a going forward basis we're going to continue see even more moderate glass pricing as we go forward. In terms of the capital allocation plan, what we have said all along that we would return more than $12.5 billion over the four-year period, and what we returned through the end of this quarter was about $8.5 billion of that.
R. Tony Tripeny: I think that we've always said it's greater than $12.5 billion. And certainly at the pace we've been at, I suspect that we will hit it sooner than later. But the reason that we've been going at the pace we have is that we don't believe that investors really have all the growth prospects in our stock, and we've found very opportunistic to be able to do share buybacks. And in fact of the share buybacks we've done, the average price has been a little over $22, and we feel pretty good about that.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah. I think the issue always is with our gross margin is, to your point, it really is a mix of our different businesses. And how they are going to grow and contribute is hard to know. For certainty we see a lot of growth that's going on right now in Optical Communications, a lot of that growth. And you're right that's a little bit below the corporate average. On the other hand, Specialty Materials is above the corporate average. The way that we always look at it is how is each of those businesses performing relative to their competition. Are they the low-cost producer? Are they doing better than the competition? And that's clearly what's happening. I think from a near-term standpoint, still our gross margin was 42%, a little bit less than it was in Q2, but our cost, that's really driven by our cost in display being up slightly sequentially. They were down on a year-over-year basis. That was a combination of the startup of our Gen 10.5 factory. And then, as I mentioned, we're running a handful of tanks outside of our optimal range for the quarter. But I think it's important to note that even though our gross margin percent was impacted, because we got more sales in Display and Gorilla than we expected, we did make more money. So while it was a little bit less on the percentage, it was better on the bottom line, and that's of course what we always consider to be the most important thing.
R. Tony Tripeny: I'm not so sure there's been a tremendous amount of change since the end of Q2. I think what we were trying to communicate in Q2, which we didn't do a good job of because a lot of people thought it was a hesitation. It was just the lumpiness that happens in this business. And going on a forward basis, there will be a time when this is just going to show up. We just wanted to remind the investors of that. We didn't mean to imply that we thought that was going to show up in Q3 or in Q4 and that's clearly what some investors interpreted it as. And so from an underlying standpoint, as Wendell said, we've seen strength in carriers, we see strength in the enterprise business, and from an overall standpoint, we think we're going to be up more than 15%. So we feel very good about Optical Communications.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah. That is correct. I mean as we stand right now, we have about 70% of our yen exposure from 2016 to 2022 hedged, and the blended rate of that hedge is about 1.06% (56:44). We're obviously fully hedged in 2017 and we're actually pretty high percentage hedged in 2018 and 2019, the near-term years where we have more confidence in those results. And what we plan to do in the January call is talk about a new core rate. The core rate today is 99% (57:06). We'll make an adjustment and when we make that adjustment, we'll go back and recast 2016 and 2017 so it will be easy to make comparisons between based on where the core rate adjustment is and so it'll be easy to understand what our underlying business performance is.
