Wendell Weeks: So, as I said in my comments, I mean what we’ve tried to do -- or what we have done is to incorporate conservative guidance for the China end markets. For example, on TVs. The TV demand unit has actually been strong this year. Retail has been up about 9% on year-over-year basis year-to-date. But, we’re forecasting it to be up only 2% in the fourth quarter as a reflection of a slowdown in the end market. And very similar from a vehicle standpoint where the market has been up about 3% on a year-to-date basis and we’re expecting it to actually be down 3% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. From an optical standpoint, of course most of our biggest part of our business in optical is actually outside of China and in particularly in the North America market, and that market has been very strong, and you can see that in our optical results.
Wendell Weeks: I would characterize 5G as being in the beginning. We’re just really at the early stages of the deployments of infrastructure needed to have a 5G service level. And some of the first ones you see at different carriers are some of the easier ones. You’re really going to see the demand for our products get stronger and stronger as you have to support for mobility for 5G. That’s also going to take phones being upgraded to 5G. So, we’re just right in the beginning and long, long way to go get that much glass in the ground.
Wendell Weeks: You see different approaches from different pharmaceutical companies. Some people are aiming at their pipeline; other people are aiming at transferring all the current drugs. But, everyone is looking at doing it across their large scale of pharmaceutical product set, because the benefits are they want to accrue to their patients and their production facilities where they actually do volumes. So, very few are saying, let’s just try a little. They -- that’s part of the overall process but what they are really looking at is to take their mainline commercial production over to Valor.
Wendell Weeks: I think, in terms of the pricing, the important thing here is that we expect our 2019 price declines to further improve from 2018. Certainly, over a time period, we’d like to see them to continue to improve even more than that. But the important thing here is and I think the news and something that’s different than we said before is we do expect that to improve in 2019. In terms of the downside variables, and I explained why I don’t think there is much risk there, and that has to do with glass supply and demand being balanced, the competitors’ profitability challenges and the need to get returns on going investment. So, I think we feel pretty good about our pricing environment right now. It is the best environment in more than a decade.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question. We’re delighted with the acquisition and done even better on revenue synergies than we originally thought. It’s still early on the operations integration. So, we’ve got a lot of work ahead of us on that piece. But, we’re really delighted with both the customer access and the product attributes that we’ve been able to bring in to our overall market access platform. So, still early days, but so far so good.
Wendell Weeks: And on data center, the places where we’re most excited at this moment tend to be as a more and more of the operators are adopting some very high fiber count systems. And then glass, much like the way you used to be thinking about it for the public networks is also breaking into the next layer of those data centers. So, to think about a little like when you went to the public networks, long-haul, to regional, to trail [ph] to home, following that line. We’re seeing that same thing being to happen in these great big mesh networks that are getting built inside these data centers. So, more and more of that architecture is flowing to glass. And the amount of glass required is also going up in terms of fiber account as people try to separate storage from the different processing techniques. And so, you end-up with these big meshes built. And that tends to be really good for glass demand. So, that’s what’s going on. To make that happen, we need a lot of innovations in our connectivity products and how do we manage all that glass. And that’s when we really excited about our product roadmap going forward.
Wendell Weeks: Yes, we are. The roadmaps that still is part of that we’re going to have to develop to handle this on growing trend to make it even more cost efficient as optics gets closer and closer to those ASICs that are driving the processing, we’re going to have to activate something like our glass knowledge, our ability to handle the optical physics of that and the thermal challenges of that. That’s out in the future. What we’re dealing with right now is the main line of how do we connect that at the current levels that the architectures that are going to.
Wendell Weeks: So much like you, we have a hard time getting the seasonality right as well. On the automotive interiors piece, that production is in the midst of getting built right now. That ramp is going -- we will start putting production through that in 2019. I don’t want to call exactly the timing at this point in time because it’s a pretty complicated project, and we also are managing as well as supply chain beyond the factory that we’re building. So, if you just give us a little more time and we start making that public of commercial production to that facility, we will be back to you. On tariffs, the products that we’re making and that our customers will incorporate, at this time are not on any tariff list. So, we don’t anticipate that being an issue, if the trade arrangements continue as we understand them at this time.
Wendell Weeks: I think at the end of the day, what really drives our demand is the market and how many people -- how many TVs are sold and what size those TVs are. And as we look at this year, we thought we would be up mid single digits, given both in terms of where the TV unit growth is but most importantly screen size growth. And as we look forward that screen size growth has continued for a number of years and we expect that to continue going forward. So, I think the way people should think about our demand is really driven by the TV market.
Tony Tripeny: I think from a gross margin standpoint, we’re obviously pleased that all the investments we made in the first -- in over the last couple of years, are paying off, we’re seeing the additional growth, and we’ve expanded our margins to 42%. And although we’re not giving gross margin guidance for next year, I would expect it to stay somewhere at this level. And that’s what we expect in Q4, and that’s roughly what I would expect in 2019. In terms of leveraging, what we said in the capital allocation framework that we would add $3 billion to $4 billion of debt. And we haven’t added that much upto now. And so, we would expect to continue to be able to lever, because we have such strong operating cash flow, and that certainly we’ll continue to look forward, doing over the next -- as we finish up the capital allocation framework.
Tony Tripeny: Sure, James. I think, first on the answer on China, we are being conservative based on headline that we see. And the demand has been strong in China, both in terms of our TV business and also the vehicle business upto now, but we see the headlines and that’s why we’re being conservative. And if that demand turns out to be better, there’s opportunity there for upside. In terms of the framework, I mean clearly, our focus remains on delivering the first four years of that framework. We have more than a year to go. And operationally, we like to deliver on what we say were going to do. And that’s really continues to be our focus. So, at some point next year, I’m sure we’ll talk about what’s beyond 2019. I think, the things to keep in mind is that our businesses, especially display are generating very strong operating cash flow, and we expect that to continue and we expect to continue to have multiple large opportunities for growth in all of our market access platforms. And any cash that’s in excess of that, we will continue with our practice of returning it to shareholders. But in terms of the specifics of that, that we’ll cover sometime in 2019.
Tony Tripeny: I think that we’re very happy that we’ve reached the 42% gross margins in the back half of this year. And while we’re not giving 2019 guidance, to think about gross margins in that that range I think is appropriate.
Tony Tripeny: I think in terms of the capacity ramps, I mean obviously, we’ve been ramping in the third and the fourth quarter, and we continue to expect that to ramp throughout next year. And the good news is that we have committed demand for those capacity ramps. So, we feel good about that.
Tony Tripeny: So, in terms of the Specialty Materials, we’re very happy with the results in the third quarter. We said, for the full year, we were going to grow after a very strong 2017 where we were up 25%, and how much that growth was going to be dependent on the adoption of our innovations. And I think it’s very clear now that that adoption has been incredibly strong. The issue always is, is the timing of that adoptions is up to our customers. And it’s hard for us to know at the beginning of the year, how much those adoptions are going to have, and what quarter they are going to happen. So, from a full-year standpoint, we’re in line with what we expected at the beginning of the year. And from a quarterly standpoint, it just always depends on where the customer orders.
Tony Tripeny: You are right. We don’t want to give guidance for 2019. But recall that our strategy and capital allocation framework said that we would spend between 6 and $7 billion over the full-year period and we still expect to be in that range. 
