Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Wamsi, this is Ed. I'll take your yen question first. So just for clarity, our hedges are actually close to our core rate in '23 and 2024. And we have most of our exposure hedged, and that's why we expect to keep our core rate at 107. With the recent strengthening in the yen in December and January, we were able to put more hedges in place for 2024.
Ed Schlesinger: Martin, I'll take that one. No, I think actually, our margins, both gross and operating margin, should improve sequentially in the guidance we've given you. Obviously, we've given a range for both sales and earnings per share. And you're right, if you adjust for the tax rate, it's actually a reasonable level of incrementals on the lower sales. Remember, sales are going down 6% to 11% sequentially.
Ed Schlesinger: Again, Shannon, I would add 2 things. One, sort of Hemlock's overall gross margin is similar to our corporate average in the same zone sort of in normal circumstances, half the business or more is semiconductor and you've got solar, right? So you've got those both product sets in there. That's all within our Hemlock and emerging growth segment. And then the second thing I would add is that we have added solar capacity which was, as we described, very inexpensive capacity because it was previously mothballed. We were able to turn it back on. As we think about the next phases of growth, there may be some costs to do that and there may be just some impacts to gross margin as we go along that journey. But in the current state it's in, think of it as around the average for Corning.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Maybe the way to think about it is as we talk about what our priorities were through the pandemic, one of them was serving our customers. And we disproportionately erred on the side of being able to do that, right? In the beginning, when inflation was coming in, we made sure that we got our customers what they needed over time, we were able to raise price and offset that. And similarly, in the production space, we did whatever we needed to do to ensure that we have the products available to ship to our customers, in a very difficult supply chain environment in a very difficult pandemic environment where being able to staff your factories, have all the materials you need and be able to make the products you need was very difficult over this sort of long sweep of time starting in '21 and running through the end. So we've been able to improve the way we operate, improve our yields, improve our staffing levels and in some cases, take some adjustments and realign our capacity allow us to get back to what we would consider to be our benchmark or our historical productivity metrics. So making sure we have the right output at the right cost at every level in all of our factories. That's our objective. We're not completely there yet, but we've taken a lot more action in the fourth quarter, and we've made a significant amount of progress that will improve our cost and therefore, improve our gross margin.
Ed Schlesinger: Well, I think longer term, it almost if you think about it, it gets us back to being able to operate like we did pre-pandemic, right? Pre all of the supply chain disruption, we are humble, at least I will be humble here that we have been surprised by a lot of things, including this recent change in the way China has operated during the pandemic, which clearly impacts us and our customers and our suppliers. But putting that aside, I feel like we now are able to run more like we did pre-pandemic levels, which then allows us to grow as our demand comes back and our margin should get back closer to our historical levels.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes, Josh, I think with respect to inflation, as we've shared sort of throughout the year, we continue to be surprised primarily to the negative on all the things that we consider sort of input costs to run our business. Things have normalized a little bit as we come to the back half, and I think our price increases are allowing us to get to close to sort of neutrality as we go into 2023. Energy is certainly a cost that remains elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels, as do many other costs, by the way. I mean I think even though the rate of inflation has slowed and, in some cases, retracted, we're not back to pre-pandemic levels of costs for inputs. So I think it's -- energy is certainly one to watch, but nothing specific that I'd call out as we go into 2023.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. And I'll take the cost one or the margin one, profitability one. I think Opto is a good example of sort of all of the things we've talked about, inflation impacting the segment significantly, productivity levels impacting the segment significantly. Those things are depressing margins in optical. And the fourth quarter volumes also came down, and we also took inventory down in the fourth quarter in optical. And all of those things impacted our margins. So it's sort of a good example of all the things we've talked about. However, on the positive side, the actions we've talked about significantly impact optical as well. So as we go into 2023, that's a place where we would expect to see profitability improvement.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes, sure, Asiya. I mean I think on capital, I shared our view that we expect to hold CapEx similar in 2023 as we did to 2022, and that was sort of similar to the prior year as well. And I think what you saw in 2022 that really impacted our operating cash flow the most was the inventory build. We built about $500 million of inventory in the year. So obviously, that negatively impacts our operating cash flow. Our goal is to make inventory go the other way. We made a small step in the fourth quarter here. And even not building inventory, just holding inventory flat helps our cash flow going forward. So our goal is to make our operating cash flow go up, keep our CapEx flattish, and so that should make free cash flow go up. But we've got work to do to be able to do that, and it's primarily in the inventory space.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes, I'm not going to guide that specifically. But what I would say is our priorities are investing for organic growth, and we will continue to do that. We believe there's a lot of opportunity out there. That's sort of the highest priority for our operating cash flow, and then we want to return cash to shareholders. We shared what we plan to do on the dividend. And then, of course, buybacks are important to us. As a reminder, we did a very large buyback in 2020 -- I'm sorry, 2021 with Samsung's conversion of their preferred shares. We bought back about 4% of our outstanding shares, and that sort of is still -- we're still paying for that. We've got one more tranche to pay for that in April of 2023. And then we'll have that behind us. That should give us more flexibility. And buybacks, of course, will remain important.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for your question on bendable and augmented reality. For bendable, we have 2 significant opportunities, one of which is we're relatively matured in, which is we make the mother glass upon which the displays are manufactured to be able to do a bendable display. Actually to make one of those displays consumes more glass than sort of a typical LCD does. Second, where the bulk of our innovation investment -- new innovation investment has been is in the cover material for bendables. This effort has led to many of the bendable devices that you see today. It still is not a product that we believe is meeting the true needs of the customer. So we have a whole series of new innovations that we're doing to try to take that technology and make it be able to be mainstream rather than just a novelty. This effort is going to continue for the next number of years, and you can expect to see us introduce new products in that space. In augmented reality, 2 major efforts. One has, once again, be COVID-related, and I don't want to talk about that in too much detail. And then two, is we make the material and sometimes the wave guys that create that digital light field in front of your eyes. And so we have significant efforts in both these areas, augmented reality, embryonic industry, but quite exciting for the long term.
Wendell Weeks: So Martin, yes, I think you're doing your math correctly. You're seeing a pretty significant increase for us in our profitability at both the gross and operating margin lines and somewhat muted by the delta in tax rate from quarter 4 to quarter 1. I think you've got it.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. So I think -- to answer the Q1 one, I'm actually going to start a little bit. I'm going to go back in time, talk a little bit about Q4. You will remember on our last quarterly conference call, what we talked about was that -- we called that panel maker utilization was at bottom in September, but it was too early to tell sort of timing and shape of the recovery. As we entered into quarter 4, we saw a significant increase in panel maker utilization in October and then another significant increase in panel maker utilization in November. And we -- our models were telling us that information, along with panel price increases and what we were seeing in order behavior in the industry, meant that the recovery was underway and that recovery would continue to arc upwards after adjusting for seasonality through Q1 and throughout this year. In December, when China changed its approach to the pandemic, we saw panel maker utilization rather than continue its next step up sort of level off. And then as we look at January, it looks to us like as they reduced it back really about to the levels we saw in October, that the recovery is sort of delayed a quarter is the way we would tend to think about it, adjusting for seasonality. And then that ties to your retail piece. So we would expect panel maker utilization to grow through the year because as Ed shared with you, this UT now -- the production rate is below the even relatively depressed level of set demand that we see in the end market. Which takes us to the next part of your question, which is we would expect to see the retail market recover as the year goes on. And it doesn't have to be much, even relatively flattish set demand year-over-year, given the state of panel maker utilization, will still result in pretty significant growth for us at the glass level.
Wendell Weeks: So our goal, Shannon, we'd like to build about $1 billion solar business for us here at the company, and it could take a variety of different product forms. It's too early right now for us to make any specific announcements. But given the IRA, we see many opportunities to both grow and enhance the profitability of this business.
Wendell Weeks: We have a number of significant new content, new value-added products that will begin to be introduced for upcoming model launches. So we would expect to have sort of a more Corning dynamic happen again. Now the actual degree of overperformance will really depend upon the success and pace of adoption of those new innovations. So I'd like to see both how our product does add sort of our customers' unique products using this technology does before I would characterize a specific numeric level of outperformance.
Wendell Weeks: I think, Josh, that we're -- we've been able to -- with the actions we took in the fourth quarter, which is pretty significant. We've been able to catch up to the inflation that we have experienced, like looking in the rearview mirror. And that's one of the reasons that we're able to have the step up in our profitability in quarter 1 or sequentially from quarter 4. I think where we still have work to do is really in the area of what you're asking about, which is how accurately we see what's coming at us from an inflation standpoint and sort of getting ahead of the game. We're still working through that. Got a great team on supply chain who's trying to help us do it, but I think we need to improve there some more, Josh.
Wendell Weeks: So I think that perhaps it was any other industry players who would have just said this was one player. But I've always said it is -- in the carrier space, we had a number of carriers who were pacing their projects and also relative to what they've been doing to manage their supply chains one way or the other. Yes, clouds had a ton of activity as well. But by and large, we still think this is a carrier story. And we're -- we expect to work through that as we go through quarter 1 and then get the benefit of elevated demand levels as we go through the rest of the year.
Wendell Weeks: Quarter 1 is like no time to call optical, right? So let me get another month or 2 into it, and we should be able to tell you how this all looks. We're very close with our customers. We're watching what they're doing. We're talking to them a lot on their project timing. And we just finished executing perhaps the most significant price increase -- not perhaps, the most significant price increase in my 30-plus years of being associated with optical communications, and we did it successfully, which gives you an idea of the extent of planned demand in this business.
