James Flaws: So on the latter question, I'm not prepared to talk about the average selling price or margin contribution. We will be able to make the product on our existing LCD tanks. So we don't expect to have to spend much capital for it. And it's just too early for us to comment because we're just now in qualification on small sizes. On LCDs, I think we're not giving guidance on for next year. I just will comment that, if you look at the total square footage of glass, our models sold at retail versus the total square footage of glass at retail last year, our models would say it's going to be up just slightly over -- around 12%. It is the glass market because of inventory builds that's growing slowly this year. The industry is building less inventory. But at retail, we're seeing about 12% growth even in our most conservative models for television at year end. So we still expect to see demand at retail which ultimately is the most important driver and price declines are clearly going to be -- we're at moderate levels for the quarter below that level.
James Flaws: So we were never believers that 3D would be a strong driver initially. I think there are other people who are quite hopeful of that. We believe that the drivers will be replacement being faster than what it was in the CRT era, are going to be the overall quality of the television continuing to get better. The refresh rate -- the fitness of the product will be things that consumers value and our consumer research has said people are -- they view -- they value those quite highly. I think it's just speculation about 3D as to whether, at some point, when it becomes more important to people or there isn't that much content. And again, it's not that you're going to be watching everything on television in 3D. You're really buying a 2D television that you occasionally watch as 3D. We believe that people will replace on a faster rate going forward than they have in the past. And I think DisplaySearch, a few months ago, published a giant study on this, which I would point you to.
James Flaws: We have no plans to do anything further on pricing to do that. So we've put forth what we think is a very good product, we have some innovations that we could do in terms of reflectivity, if the customer wanted to do something on that. But we're not planning to make any price moves on TV cover.
James Flaws: So I think that short term given slightly reduced outlook, we will be tougher on our operating expense growth. Longer term, our model has been to try to contain SG&A to be about half the rate of growth of our sales and so we get leverage from that. We don't look at that, that way every quarter, but that's what our goal is. R&D is more program driven and generally hasn't hit that target. What we -- we have enough innovations to justify our higher growth rate there, but even R&D, I think, we're being very cautious about letting it grow too fast.
James Flaws: Well, thin is an important part of our cost reduction program. We're continuing to advance the percent of glass that we ship to be thin. We just recently did our 5-year planning process and our expectation is that our business moves up every year in terms of the percentage being thin. One of our major customers, on one of their lines, has just gone to 100% thin. So we think it's validating it being good for our customers, as well as being good for us. So it's an important element of our ability to keep up with price declines. And as long as we don't have too many ups and downs in terms of utilization, we think that allows us to maintain our gross margin percent.
James Flaws: Well, I won't predict exactly when, but I will tell you that we have begun conversations with the board about the cash and what we should do with it. So it is definitely on the board's agenda now.
James Flaws: So the increase in Taichung is built around the fact that we are doing 2 things. One, we're giving -- already giving existing capacity to Gorilla, and we expect to have to give more capacity to Gorilla for next year. And therefore, we're going to do that by taking the LCD glass; and then, therefore, we're going to make LCD on newer, larger size Gens. So it is driven by that. We clearly are capable of slowing the spending at Beijing if the ramp there by our customers does not turn out to be what we expected. I think the question for us is really going to be, what capacity do we need for 2013 and '14? And whether the capitals -- if we continue to see lower rates of growth in LCD glass and thin being very successful, you may see the capital spending for Display come down even more. I will comment that on the growth for the glass market, I just want to make sure that my point earlier was understood. It is the fact that this year, the supply chain is building less inventory than they normally would for the growth that's happening at retail that makes the glass market look like it's growing a smaller number, even with the reduced IT forecast, the reduced television forecast at retail in what is very muted economic scenario, we're seeing at retail glass demand growing 12%. People can't take inventories to 0, so ultimately that growth rate shows back up for us. So we are being very cautious about the capital. We will adjust and potentially slow it down, but we definitely will take steps to be careful on the capital. But that being said, Gorilla is continuing to grow quite well and we're actually winning even more than what we expected for future models. So I think that's a big driver. The other thing, as you saw on our detail on CapEx, the chunk of this money that we're spending right now is around this asset protection program. Approximately half of that is assets that are fixed that we're doing to protect ourselves in the event of national disasters such as an earthquake. The rest is in precious metals, which we feel will retain their value. We'd like to have in the event of -- we need to have emergency repairs. But they are not assets that value go away. So we are being cautious about not overspending, but those are the primary reasons for it.
James Flaws: That's really a question for our customers as to which model they assume that they're going to go. Some people are thinking about using 1 sheet, every one that's made today continues to use 2 sheets a glass. Our point of view is we're in the display industry. No matter what the display is, we're going to provide a glass for it. So if people need 1 sheet, it'll be one. It may have to be a much higher performance piece of glass, if it's only 1 sheet as opposed to 2. But we plan to sell glass to OLEDs as they become more important. Again, I'd stress I think this is a small percentage of the volume today. I believe the total OLED square footage of glass this year, probably is about 10 million square feet, but we are preparing to be ready for whatever direction the technology moves.
James Flaws: So we haven't made a final decision, but I think if there is going to be a second factory it would be to support Samsung, and it's likely that, that would be done using some of SCP's money. It's not a final decision yet.
James Flaws: So PV's impact on us is likely to be relatively minor because it will ramp slowly. As we get a customer, then we'll start talking about the margin impacts. But I don't think you should have expected that much influence on the overall corporate average in the near term. Neither will Beijing, we will actually choose to ramp in tanks, multiple tanks in the facility, it's not like we're going to have a light switch and light them all up at one time. We'll ramp them more slowly. Therefore, the depreciation clock on them will start on a more phase basis. Again, the business is so large today that even the Beijing facility now starting up will not have much influence. The biggest influence on the Display margins is our ability to generally run relatively full and then to keep price declines and cost reductions relatively equal, which we think we have a good shot at doing. Corporately, as long as we make that happen on Display, we actually believe we have margin expansion opportunities in Telecom and Environmental, which will as those businesses grow and are expanding their margins should help our corporate margin. And then lastly, assuming we're right about where our cover glass is going in the future on devices, it's actually a higher gross margin on corporate average. So we think we have a very good shot at sustaining it as long as Display behaves the way we think it's possible.
James Flaws: Yes, it does. It actually makes it better because the gross margin on the TV cover is actually very weak. So actually, not selling that, that actually improves the margin structure, especially in screens.
James Flaws: I think we have increased confidence in Telecom and Environmental that allows us to believe that we definitely could hit the $10 billion even with the weaker Display numbers.
James Flaws: So I think our comment was on inventory for the supply chain. And we would say, usually in Q2 that's the quarter that we see the most risk with inventory climbing, approaching 18 weeks and the fact that we're actually below 17 at quarter 2 is a very good sign. So that was my only comment, I think.
James Flaws: We haven't given a guidance yet for Gorilla for next year, we will a little bit later this year. But we see 2 things that would cause us to say it's going to continue to grow. We've seen the mix shift to people in smartphones, and we believe tablets are a device of choice for many consumers today, so that's good news. And most importantly, for us, is that we are not losing share to our competitors there. So we have a business to grow, we'll give you some guidance later this year.
James Flaws: So our belief is that the inventory does drawdown in Q4 and the total supply chain, simply because the peaking of televisions in Q4. We don't -- we do -- would expect later in Q3 that we might see some utilization increases. Our Q4 cost demand is up versus Q3 for the industry. And given the early arrival of the Chinese New Year, we would expect that, that would drive demand a little bit more in the fourth quarter.
James Flaws: We have no reason to believe Sharp won't continue to run at the rate they are now. Basically, what they did is they corrected their inventories in April, in the very beginning with May, and then brought both their Gen 8 and Gen 10 back. And assuming that Sharp themselves does okay in the retail market, we have no reason to expect them not to continue to run.
James Flaws: Sure. I'll characterize it as a great hope, but I think our customers believe in, as we do, that Internet connectivity for televisions will become increasing importance to consumers and whether it is enough by itself to change the replacement rate -- that would be speculation on my part. But definitely, our customers and we believe that it is an important attribute as people make their decisions going forward.
James Flaws: So pricing trends have definitely improved. I mean, there are still a lot of customer power. Our customers are very large. But definitely, I would say, compared to a number of years ago, the pricing trends have improved and we definitely feel like we're going to see continued demand. And as a result, we're going to actually, for the first time in many years, spend a little capital against this business.
James Flaws: We don't ever give gross margins comments by segments, so I will just tell you that we believe that the gross margin in the Telecom segment could improve.
James Flaws: So we definitely believe that corporately we will bolster our overall growth rate by acquiring. The 2 industries we're focused on, are Life Sciences and Telecom. We did 1 telecom acquisition earlier this year. We're working on a Life Sciences one today. The margin down in Life Sciences is definitely due to integration issues on acquisitions and then in getting through that phase. And then second, Life Sciences is one of the business we actually have commodity pressure because of resins, and we actually raised prices to overcome that but we were a little bit behind on that in Q2.
James Flaws: We actually -- it was related more to quarter 1. We bought glass from SCP in Q1. And because it's, in effect, an intercompany sale, we can't recognize the margin until that glass is actually sold to a customer. So that was the recognition. But in quarter 1, we were tight on glass at our wholly- owned, so we bought some from SCP.
James Flaws: So on pricing, I'm not going to comment anymore. The levels are quite low and it's just moderate, so I won't make any further comment. On inventory -- so unfortunately, we once saw it go down to 13 weeks and that was when everybody was panicking in late '08, you may recall, thought the end of the world was near. So they clearly can do that. I will tell you, having done that, they then experienced tremendous out of stocks in quarter 1 of 2009. So they really realize that was a bad outcome. But clearly, mechanically, it is possible. I would think that, that is unlikely to have that episode repeated, but clearly, they could make that choice. But we think it's more likely that they might run in a 16-week range for a period of time, especially given the weak profitability of the industry. You don't want to take inventory risks, but I would -- we would be very surprised if that repeat of the 13 weeks occurred.
James Flaws: So I would say that the confidence we have versus some other people in the industry is, particularly our strong position in fiber-to-the-home with those projects around the world being quite robust. Then -- and second would be because of our strong position in optical fiber, and the demand for optical fiber around the world is quite strong. So I think that positions us differently than some of the other telecom companies that may be in your coverage, as an example.
