Tony Tripeny: Sure. I mean, I think it's important to think about what's happened over the last year from a display standpoint. The market overall was more robust than what we had expected. And what the industry expected which meant that panel makers ran tight in the second half of 2020. Not only did those higher utilizations, but the industry also brought down inventory to meet that demand, and that meant that glass was tight throughout the year. And as you -- we remain confident that things will remain tight on -- over the next several quarters, because of where we think demand is and as that demand continues to be met, there's also a need to replenish what's happened from a supply chain standpoint and some of the tightness that's happened from a supply chain standpoint. So that's, obviously led to very favorable pricing in the first quarter. And as we look out over the next several quarters, we think that, that environment continues, that tight environment continues.
Tony Tripeny: No, I mean, Mehdi, I think that would be great. Why don't we -- I think we talk to you later today, and we can talk about next steps on this. And the only thing I wanted to point out as the CFO, is that any glass that's sold to the automotive industry right now shows up in our automotive or into our other segment, not in our Specialty Materials segment, but that was just more of a reporting for...
Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint, we're seeing both growth in the carrier and in the enterprise business. Of course, the enterprise piece is a lot of what being grown from cloud computing, hyperscale data centers. Some of the traditional enterprise pieces are more impacted by the economy. You're not seeing that as much. But we're really seeing growth in both parts of those businesses. And from an operational standpoint, I mean, I think what's important to note is, is that even though our revenues were down. We didn't change our ability to supply that, because we always knew it was going to come back. And there's costs that you carry during those kind of periods. And when you fill those factories back up, you see expansions from a margin standpoint. And we saw that in the third and fourth quarter of this year, and we'd expect to see that going forward.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah. We will definitely do that, John, and we will get back with you on some of those ideas. And all I would say is that in the short-term, all the financial attractiveness of this deal is absolutely paying out as we expected it to. As you know, we didn't put any money into this transaction and Hemlock generates a lot of cash. And so what debt they had, they've mostly started -- we'll pay back within a year, in fact, pay back a lot of it in the fourth quarter. They generate approximately $150 million of annual cash flow. So we're very excited from a financial standpoint and also from a strategic standpoint.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah. I think what happens through 2023, of course, depends a lot on how much growth that we get and how much growth capital that we have to put in bill capital that we have to put in over the next several years. And the good news is any bill capital. I mean, first of all, it comes with growth. And secondly, it comes with a pretty significant customer commitments.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. Actually, we were quite pleased with our cash flow conversion in the back half of the year. Compared to NPAT, which is the way a lot of people talk about the cash flow conversion, I mean our cash flow and our NPAT was the same number in the fourth quarter, and it was -- and our cash flow was a little bit better than our NPAT in the third quarter. So, I mean, we were real happy with the cash flow conversion. And in terms of some of the specifics there, Rod, when we talk to you later today, I'd be happy to walk through it with you. But, overall, we were very excited about our cash flow conversion. And frankly, that's a question that a lot of our investors have asked us over the last couple of years, and it's something that we've been focused on. And this is what happens when we're not in a build cycle. We generate a lot of operating cash flow. We generate a lot of free cash flow, and we saw that in the back half of this year. We expect to see more of that in 2021.
Wendell Weeks: Well, I think because these Gen 10.5 plants produced panels, I don't know, roughly at about a 30% cost advantage, especially when they're integrated with our glass operations. The fastest, a pretty powerful microeconomic force so that you're just seeing the behavior set that when demand is well is more than those ultimate low-cost production assets, then less productive capacity stays full. And so as that continues to grow, I still think the right bet is continuing movement towards those big Gen 10.5 plants.
Wendell Weeks: So the way we view Valor, Shannon, is this is an opportunity to help make all of us safer. And so, we're going with Virtu first, rather than any one of our previous plans. And so now, we are full on accelerating as fast as we can. We're also looking at other ways that our Valor technology can help fill and finish operations because as the world shifts to try to address this really need for billions of doses. We want to make sure that other life-saving medicines can be produced. And so that bottleneck is going to increasingly shift towards fill and finish. And we are uniquely qualified to do that. Many of the vaccines have very complicated thermal cycles that our technology is once again uniquely positioned to do. So sort of simple answer to your question is it's all hands on deck, trying to increase our production, a Valor to increase the applicability of our technology across this platform. I personally have now switched to leading a key engineering program to help address this upcoming bottleneck. That's a long answer. Really, I could have simply just said, how has it changed our view, we need to make a lot more vials, is the short answer to your question, Shannon.
Wendell Weeks: Well, let me first start with from an Optical standpoint. I think the last several calls, we really have focused in on our fundamental belief that as bandwidth demand is increasing and users demand higher performance, connections that this was going to be positive from a business standpoint. And we've even talked about, I think, in the last quarter about how our customers were beginning to talk more about that in their conference calls, and there are plenty of examples of that. I think what's really happened over the last three or four months is that our sales and order rates have started to pick up. And it's really that pickup in the sales and order rates, which is what drove our growth on a year-over-year basis and why we're confident that, that growth is going to happen. So I think the question before was, when was it going to happen? And I think the answer is that it's happening now. And so, I think, that's how we think about it there. And then I think from an overall economic standpoint, clearly, as we enter into the year, we had a very strong fourth quarter, and we expect to have a strong first quarter. But there's still a lot of uncertainty in the world and we're not in the greatest position to sort through how that uncertainty is actually going to play out. We think there's two places where we can provide unique insights. When was optical that we just talked about. And the other was to better understand what's happening from a display standpoint, and that's the areas that we focused on during the call.
Wendell Weeks: I think you should think of it, Wamsi, as we'd expect that moderation. The environment for moderation continues. I totally get your question though, because the pattern of pricing sort of is a little different than normal. We had the best pricing in quarter one that we've had in a decade in terms of relative move, relative decrease. And so the pattern of question is, like, totally legit, but we do expect it to remain tight how the exact pattern plays out. And let's take it a quarter at a time. And right now, we see quarter one, the way we see it. And we -- our current look in the quarter two is, as Tony said, looks pretty favorable to us in continued moderation.
Wendell Weeks: Great. Let's start with OpEx, and then I'll touch briefly on specialty. And I would like to make a little more macro comment on how we see the year. Yeah. I think from an OpEx standpoint, I see -- clearly, when we got into the early parts of 2020 and things were changing, we did a number of things to adjust our operating cost. Some of them were set up so that we would be able to as the economy has recovered, be able to respond to that. Some of them were compensation related, for example, furloughs and things like that. And certainly, to the degree that business has returned, of course, those costs will also return. But from an overall standpoint, we've remained very focused from an OpEx standpoint to make sure that we're getting leverage as we grow and that we don't grow our OpEx over a longer period of time as fast as we grow our sales. And that's really our underlying philosophy from an OpEx standpoint. I think what structurally makes it possible for us to do is when you us lay out our three, four, five framework, what that allows us to do as we build on our market access platforms, is that ability to reuse and share those platforms, both in our -- we've seen that both on our technology side, as well now in our customer facing organizations. And so that should allow us to more efficiently address the growth that we see. And over time, we do expect that at operating margin leverage to be a more powerful generated for us than just at the manufacturing gross margin levels. So you're going to see us really addressing that more because that's where we're seeing the synergy really start to drive across our portfolio. Let's touch briefly on specialty for you. We would expect that our outperformance versus the smartphone market to continue. And sort of the -- I'm not calling what happens with the smartphone market. So that, kind of, takes me to a broader point. And I'd be really interested in -- feedback from investors, both sell-side and buy, which is -- we saw the strong momentum. We knew it was coming, but we saw the strong momentum and really strong order book in Q4. And that continues into this quarter. So that clarity enabled us to provide the sales in EPS guidance that we just did for quarter one. Now we listen to our investors and made it simple and clear by providing sales and EPS for the entire company rather than the more complicated and detailed market-by-market guidance that we previously provided. Now as we turn to the total year, simply put, we expect our momentum and our outperformance versus our markets to continue. So then the question really becomes what happens in the macro environment. Now you all have your own experts and opinions on what's going to happen in the macro. At Corning, we approach our ability to predict macroeconomic and geopolitical events and tensions with great humility. Hence, we don't think it's helpful for us at this time to predict these forces, and therefore, what exactly our revenue for the year will be. But what we are confident of is we’re going to outperform these markets. So as you pick your geopolitical or macroeconomic scenario, for our various markets, what you can count on is we're going to do better than that. So that may be more than you wanted to know, Asiya, but that's how we think about it.
Wendell Weeks: I totally understand. As always, a really good question. So we highlighted that for two reasons. First, our momentum in auto glass systems is increasing. And it's not yet at the point where we would say, okay, in your models, you better start providing for display because it's going to change your macro numbers. But we can totally feel it. And you will feel it more going forward. We're also seeing Gorilla find its way into more and more of our maps. What we're going to do is really talk about that in the form of those market access platforms as the various forms that that technology takes, serves multiple of our customers. Believe it or not, it's even finding its way into opto. So we'll – let us take that note. And as that becomes more important, we'll make sure we share a little bit more on it, Mehdi.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. So, I think, the short answer to your question is, yes. So, all of the above. So I think what we should do, what I recommend we do is, why don't we -- why don't you follow-up with Ann and let us share just the way we think about the map. And it'll probably be an excellent report for you to do. We'll be helpful and lay that all out, because you had got a great question. And we have the build, and we'd be happy to share it.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. And also, Joe, you have another dynamic. I think Tony nailed it, which is, as you expect revenues -- as revenues expand, we would expect our margins to expand. There's another factor in that can always impact your quarter-to-quarter type of variability, which is what precisely are the operators or enterprise players buying. When they buy our more complicated, highly engineered solutions, when they buy those, our profitability is higher, right? Than if you're just buying fiber and cable. It depends what's specific size of cable. And so mix starts to play a real role in opto when you think about it from quarter-to-quarter. But if you step back, I think Tony has nailed the fundamentals here, which is as we fill. We would expect the incrementals to be good.
Wendell Weeks: So first, I'm just having flashbacks to almost a decade ago when you were telling me what we needed to do is make sure we ended up with Hemlock because it fit so much better with us and the silicone side fit so much better with Dow. And so we finally got it done, John. It just took us a while. So yeah, we feel good about it. For sure, the economics on that deal are incredibly good and we really like that. But actually, your insight from all those years ago, I think is right and we're going to run some experiments here to try to see, can we make more of a difference to Hemlock? Can we, with our capabilities, make it accelerate or vice versa? We really are interested and can we address some of the significant issues there are with lack of domestic production of solar here in the U.S? So there's a number of, I think -- there's a number of significant opportunities. It's too early to say, will they work out or not. And sometimes, and I'd love to have a conversation with you about any ideas that you have on it as well, given how long you've advocated for this.
Wendell Weeks: I think on the specialty side, you can always expect us to outperform because of the more Corning strategy, putting more content, higher value content in. What the rate of that is, I think you're quite wise to say, well, that could depend on which particular products are working really well for our end customers and how much of that has our newest technology or is different types of our technology. And that gets a lot harder to predict, because you not only have to call the total market, but then which OEMs sort of win in that market, as well as which of our technologies play. But I think, overall, you could think about it as we will outperform, it's just a little too early in the year to give you some insight as to like how much to outperform, Steven. I'm sorry on that. And then on Opto, you're right to identify it, it is definitely a positive, but it is just one of the sort of number of positive impacts and announcements that you're seeing from our key customers. It's never been – as Tony said, it's never been that we did it – we believe strongly that our customers would have to build and invest to meet the very strong demand. What we wanted to do, though, is before we predicted when it would come. We wanted to see it in our sales. We wanted to see it in our order book. We wanted to see the projects actually state. And so that's what we're seeing. And that's why we're saying it.
