Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Katherine and good morning. Welcome to Corning’s Quarter 2, 2021 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. In the second quarter, GAAP net income was $449 million. However, GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.42 due to the GAAP accounting treatment required for the transaction entered into with Samsung Display. Let me take you through why this was the case. As a reminder on April 5, 2021, Corning entered into a share repurchase agreement with Samsung Display. As part of the agreement, Samsung converted preferred stock into common stock and Corning immediately repurchased 35 million shares of that common stock from Samsung. The common shares were then traded on the open exchange, so GAAP requires a special accounting treatment of the repurchase as an extinguishment of the original preferred shares. The accounting treatment for and extinguishment of preferred shares is to record the difference between the repurchase price and the original book value in retained earnings. This adjustment to retained earnings is also removed from net income available to common shareholders when calculating GAAP earnings per share. [Excluding this], U.S. GAAP EPS would have been $0.52. Differences between our GAAP and core results can also stem from non-cash mark-to-market gains or losses associated with hedging contracts. They were de minimis this quarter. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP values can be found in the investor relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the interactive analyst segment. Supporting slides are being shown live on a webcast; we encourage you to follow along. And they're also available on our website for downloading.  And now, I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Tony. And Katherine, we're ready for our first question. And I ask that and – you analysts please limit to one question so we can get to everybody.
Ann Nicholson: Great. All right. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. Before we close, I wanted to let you know that we're going to be attending the Jefferies Virtual Conference on September 1; and the Citi Virtual Conference on September 14. You can find a replay of today's call on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thank you for joining us, and Katherine, you can disconnect all lines.
Wendell Weeks: So first on the cadence for growth, at this time, we're going to place where, what is that if we could make more, we could sell more. And that's where our attention is. So, our cadence is going to relate more to that than normal seasonality that you'd see in optical communications. And so, we expect that cadence to continue to be strong and aimed primarily at our productivity.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question Wamsi. I think it's a little early for us to be able to give you some guidance on how we feel about pricing next year. Without a doubt, our very long-term strategy that we have been pursuing here continues to bear fruit. And we're seeing pricing stabilization continue to improve throughout the time period of that effort. And there's many things that are going on technically, and with our strategic moves that lower the pricing intensity of the environment. So, we would expect all those factors to continue to be in place. But one quarter out, right now, it's probably about as far as we'd like to guide at this time on pricing. I'm sorry, Wamsi.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks Asiya. So, let's start with the first part. So, in general, remember, our outperformance in the market is driven by our More Corning strategy like, now there's a number of great examples, but one, of course is smartphone demand where over the last number of years, smartphone demand has been pretty constant, right. It really hasn't grown. The law revenues have grown in excess of 40%. And so that content started really plays out, across really all the different device categories. So, there's always a degree of mitigation of the impact of what's going on with consumer behavior at any given point of time. So, that's first to put in context. Going forward, what we've tried to do is place that range of outcomes of consumer behavior into our guides, and into the way in which we're thinking about and planning our business in the near-term. We invest though in the long-term, right. So, we're really behind those technology trends in the More Corning strategy and then – so for us, you know, being able to call it one quarter for the other doesn't really impact our core investment strategies. But we get a ton of information because we serve those markets so broadly. We try to integrate that into the points of view that we give to you. So, I guess short version is, it’s in there. Our point of view is that all that is in there, and we'll update the point of view as we learn more.
Wendell Weeks: Great question. So things are going great for us right now in auto glass. And we should get around to figuring out the right way to update you guys on that progress. So, everything is going fine with the innovations, everything's going fine with the industry. We just have to get our act together to decide how do we best help our investors understand our trajectory in that business. So, thank you for the reminder. That's on our to-do list.
Wendell Weeks: And when you think about scaling that, Steve, you have a pretty good model, I think of what the incremental should play out, and the bulk of that [delta] is our investment in this delta innovation. So, I think if you think about it that way, you've got the right sort of [boxed car]. And as to how quickly it goes away, as fast as we can make it, right. We're just coming of the production cycle here and it's progressing, but like, often with innovations, you know, it's what you don't know that surprises you as opposed to what you know. So, we should be humble in predicting the exact end of the drag.
Wendell Weeks: So Rod, I think it's an excellent question. And we don't know the exact answer right now. And I think anybody who says they do know the exact answer is probably being prideful. Okay. So, that's why [we're sued]. That's why we're approaching it the way that we are, which is to say, because we look to our guide, we're going to account for those things that we don't know yet that could arise from an inflationary standpoint.  And also on our mitigation actions, you see us begin to take pricing action, to [more equitably] share some of the supply chain pressures and shipping pressures that we feel. I think will – all of us will learn more here in the coming quarters.  And then as we do, we'll be able to give you, I think, a much better point of view on what happens with those cost structures, but as well, what our plans are to make sure that we're doing the right things around pricing, around cost mitigation to make sure those don't unfairly burden our shareholders.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks Martin. We’re quite excited about this opportunity as well. So, thanks for calling it out. The way the supply chain works is, we will literally provide that part, a cover part. So, both the underlying structure, the glass structures, as well as the material we use to drive the composite to be able to improve the optics and durability of those cameras. So, we've built the supply chain to be able to have that roll into, really the same plants that ultimately glass parts go to, to build phones. So, we feel pretty good that we have the capability that we’ve built the capability to serve the market. And so now it will be, how quickly will the technology be adopted? Because it is new, it is a new feature for phones. It does improve camera performance pretty darn significantly. So, we're hoping that that becomes pretty rapidly adopted. One thing that's going to impact pacing though is, when you change the light capturing capabilities of a camera. Remember that cameras are pretty complex devices, right. So, you have the whole lens system, and you have different chipsets to deal with that imaging, and they're built around an optical chain that is a certain amount of light that's available. So, we're actually improving that. And so, as you improve that to take full advantage of it, you probably need to optimize some other components. So, we do think that though it is relatively easily adoptable, there are things that you would need to do differently to take full advantage of this to deliver an advantage and customer experience.
Tony Tripeny: And Tim, I think you're right. I mean, we certainly do have operating leverage that will come from this business as it continues to grow. We do have some headwinds that we're facing. I’d mention the inflationary headwinds with rising costs and we're, you know, working to mitigate those. So, you know, in terms of the actual pace of how that leverage happens is, you know, we need to play out over the next couple of quarters, but there's definitely operating leverage there.
Tony Tripeny: So, you know, right now, you know, we're clearly facing a lot of supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressure. And what we saw in the first quarter was, of course, a lot of that, you know, relative to freight and logistics, we had plans to mitigate that, we actually did those mitigations, but then there were other things that occurred, you know particularly around increased resin cost.  So as, you know, we think about the guide, in particular of the guide for the third quarter, you know, we thought it was prudent to assume that that 150 basis points drag that's, you know, coming from those inflationary and supply chain logistics costs would continue. And you know, again, do the same thing.  We got lots of things to mitigate those and including, in some cases, raising prices on certain product lines. But at least we think for at least for the next couple of quarters, we'll continue to see that drag. We do believe it will mitigate over time, but exactly how long it takes to mitigate that, you know, we just need you to – we just need to let it play out.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, that's how we should think about it. I mean, as I said, we do have some plans to mitigate some of that. We've actually implemented those plans. We just thought, as we were, you know, thinking about the guidance, you know, what happened to us in Q2, you know, it could happen to us again in Q3, where we have new areas, where we have inflationary pressure.  So, that's how we're thinking about it. It's not that we're not taking actions, but we just think from a guidance standpoint, that's about right. And then in terms of the impact on the projects and the Specialty Materials, I mean they did have an impact on our gross margin and on our operating margin, and you specifically saw that impact when you look at the specialty materials results.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, you know, Mehdi the way we always think about this is, what really matters over time is what happens in the end consumer demand and you know, where the channels, you know, go in any given quarter will, of course, you know make a difference in any quarterly number, but what we're really focused on is the longer-term trend there. And as I, you know, pointed out is that, you know, we expected coming into the year for TV units to be down, and for screen size to grow the inch and a half and at least halfway through the year, that's what we're seeing.  As we look at the next year, we'd expect to be back on the trend line that we had previously been on. And, you know, just a reminder that, you know, TV units haven't been down two years in a row, haven't been down in a World Cup year. And what really drives the growth is the screen size growth. And we expect that to be up an inch and a half. So, what we need to do is actually get through the big selling season, and then we'll have more insights once we do that.
Tony Tripeny: So, we are seeing in other raw material areas, but, you know the biggest one that we saw in the second quarter was really in the resins? You know, it's just, [indiscernible] and shipping freight, you know, areas like that. We do think in the shipping and freight areas, you know, we saw some improvement in the second quarter, and we'd expect that to continue. You know, so, you know, I think that's exactly how this is going to play out over the next several quarters.  It is certainly hard to predict. We think it's prudent to think it is going to be there and we fought it in, you know, our guidance was based on the assumption that that was, you know, continue into the third quarter. We do believe this will normalize our mitigating actions will, you know, have an impact. So, I'm not worried about it in the longer-term, but certainly in the nearer-term, I'm more concerned about it.
Tony Tripeny: So, I think from a display margin standpoint, I mean, clearly what has happened is, we've been doing a lot of build investments and as we've talked about before and as Wendell talked about, you know, when those build investments come online, you know, we have outstanding operating performance. And that's what you're really seeing in display. For sure, the pricing is also helping, but it is really what's happening from an operating performance standpoint. In terms of the China markets actually been kind of exactly where it was before. We haven't really seen much of a change there. And, you know, we're obviously monitoring it closely to see if something changes.
Tony Tripeny: So, Shannon, that's a great question. The first thing I would say is, you know, our focus right now is on what we call our extend capital. And that extend capital is, you know, how we continue to grow in our businesses. And a lot of the growth that we're experiencing right now really comes from the investments we've made the last couple of years from the extend capital in addition to the build capital. And we'd expect that, you know, we’ve got a lot of extended capital that we're putting in place right now and that's going to continue to support our growth going forward.  You know, given our more Corning trends, and you know, our innovation model and the opportunities that we see out there, that really gives us a chance to perform much better than the underlying markets. And I'm sure at some point, we will be back at looking at build capital. And when we do that, you know, we'll do that with real customer commitments, including, you know, financing.  So, you know, we think this is a great model to run our business with, it's really improved our capital efficiencies, it's improved our return on invested capitals. And, you know, I think from a shareholder standpoint, this is a great way to run our businesses.
Tony Tripeny: You know, I think our underlying view on what capital spending is going to be this year is, you know, roughly the same as it's been since the beginning of the year. You know, we knew we were going to have a good year, a strong year with growth. It's a little bit, you know, going faster than maybe what we originally projected. So, maybe capital will go up a little bit more than our original projections, but our original outlook would be pretty similar to what we did in 2020, maybe it'll be a little bit higher than that, but not a lot higher than that.
