James B. Flaws: Thanks, Rob. Well, I enjoyed working with you also, and I think you just set the record for six questions in one.
James B. Flaws: So let me start with comments on the trajectory. Our July glass pulling from our customers, panel makers, is equal to what we've seen in June. We're not actually seeing any slowdown from our customers at this point in time. So I hope that helps on the trajectory. We believe, as I said in my outlook, that we will expect to see that there is some impact as customers recognize the inventory, the slowdown in the end market. And what we're showing is that we'll see a glass market demand go down in Q4 versus Q3. We could get that wrong a little. I mean it could be a little higher in Q3 and declines a little more in Q4. It's tough to tell. Right now, as I said, we haven't seen panel makers pull back. Relative to ultra-high def, we clearly think it will be important in the coming years. As you know, our forecast of sell-in is 27 million units – our sell-through is 27 million. Our forecast of sell-in is higher than that. We are – we believe that pricing points are approaching the inflection point. We don't know if we'll get there in Q4. I suspect, given the overall weaker economic news, that maybe people will be driving that price premium down to the 1.5, in which case that should be very good for demand for us. I think I got most of your questions.
James B. Flaws: So what I mentioned on Gorilla Glass in Q3 is the volume would be flat versus Q3 a year ago. Just as a reminder, Q3 a year ago was extremely high because of some of our customers big model launches. So we're actually delighted that we're holding it flat with that. Price declines, we have price declines on Q3 and a price premium on Gorilla Glass 4. So as we see more Gorilla Glass 4 showing up in the mix, particularly as we head into Q4, you actually should be seeing a very stable price effect. And we're looking for a very good quarter four in Gorilla, also. On panel makers, I just won't speculate. I mean, their profitability is much higher right now than it has ever been in any softening period or inventory correction. So it would take a fairly massive drop in panel prices, and we are not forecasting that. We're expecting panel prices to drop about 9% going forward, and they'll still remain profitable if we're right on that.
James B. Flaws: Just one another comment, you mentioned sequential. Ordinarily, Q3 and Q2 sequentials are pretty flat. But we're delighted by the year-over-year in both of those quarters being up the mid single digits in sales. So generally, if you look at telecom's cycle, absent anything strange, low first quarter, higher second and third quarters, and then fourth quarter is where the most variability in history shows up.
James B. Flaws: What I'm talking about is the move where we start from 0.7 mm and now I'm talking about getting to 0.5 mm. But clearly in some formats, we have some customers at 0.4 mm and smaller generations, but what I was talking about as the big move was what we started in 2008 when almost everybody was 0.7 mm and getting most people to 0.5 mm.
James B. Flaws: No. I think we still think we have productivity increases coming. As some customers go below 0.5 mm, we're not expecting to offer price discount for that, but we still should get capacity from it. So the only CapEx that is on the horizon for us is the – as you have more glass, you have to finish it even though your melting capacity doesn't have to go up. And so we've been spending on some capital for finishing and then the only thing that will be on the horizon for glass capacity would be if someone were to build a Gen 10 operation in China, which we've talked about, I think, now for over a year. But we don't expect that to be on the horizon until late 2016, early 2017.
James B. Flaws: Well, we're always looking for ways to bring cash back from offshore and as I think you've seen, we've been successful doing that. We did raise some debt in the second quarter. So we're very comfortable, our ability to continue to do this without giving you the exact specifics about repatriation.
James B. Flaws: So I'll start. We're continuing to look for innovative ways to deal with what I'll remind everybody is in 2018, it's quite a ways away. And the possibility of is there something that we can do with a unique hedging structure that might allow us to not have the impact of the yen going from essentially ¥99 to the low ¥120s right now. So we continue to evaluate that. We also are evaluating whether we could return to U.S. dollar pricing and perhaps ways of doing that are pricing some of our new products in U.S. dollars. And fundamentally, we also think that the industry, the glass industry, will continue to reduce price declines to a lower and lower level and maybe could even flatten them out or raise them at some point in time. So we're hard at work at that but we're not panic-stricken, either as we go along. It's only the middle of 2015.
James B. Flaws: Well, we don't see it slowing down. I think you've heard me say that every year, I have a bet with our team that we're going to exceed their forecast and we just raised it again. The average screen size – I use the 30-inch and above metric because I think it's more useful – is growing very nicely again this year. And the thing that's really going to be helpful for us, I think, in the future is that as 4K becomes a bigger and bigger proportion of demand, that drives you to getting a bigger television. And right now, the average 4K television is over 50 inches. And if you think about that compared to the average television in the 30-inch and above category, which is really only 41 inches right now, so as that grows as part of demand, we think we'll continue to see average screen size grow. The other thing I'll remind everybody is that televisions actually are getting average screen size up. Television itself doesn't have to grow as much because the manufacturers have continued to reduce the edge size or what we used to call the bezel, although many televisions don't really have one of those plastic things anymore. And so we continue to think this is going to help us for a number of years.
James B. Flaws: So clearly with less volume, we would expect not to have the ability to hit the flatness that we were hoping for in Display. Probably, we'll have a little bit down. But I won't categorize how much that is at this point in time, but it could be slightly down. If you saw, it was slightly down in Q3 when our volume wasn't as strong as it had been in Q1. We continue to feel like we've got excellent cost reduction ideas and the Display team is working on how they can do even better in cost reduction in this period of slightly lower demand.
James B. Flaws: No, I think that we have a little bit of an impact in Q3 from inventory changes, but that's just slight. But I'm not expecting our gross margin in Q4 to be materially different.
James B. Flaws: I'll just give you a rough CFO math. We're in the 2%, and the overall pricing is in the 3%. But we definitely think we'll drive that overall pricing down and start to converge.
James B. Flaws: We don't give out specific numbers, but I would say over the past three quarters, you've been seeing very big moves in the average amount of glass going thick to thin, and these upcoming quarters, two quarters, it will be much smaller.
James B. Flaws: So normally, we do see a slight increase in the absolute level of inventory in Q3. We are expecting a little bit of build in absolute square footage, that's based on what the panel makers are running right now. And then we always see a big downdraft in the absolute square footage in Q4 with the big seasonality of television. If we see a slight correction from panel makers in, for example, September, the last month of the quarter, that could be slightly different. But right now, what the panel makers are giving to us is not showing it that way.
James B. Flaws: So I think for Q1 and Q2, we were a little over $1.1 billion and obviously, we continued to buy in July, which isn't finished. We have not completed the $1.5 billion but we will complete it shortly, and then we'll be available to start spending on the $2 billion. That's our process to finish one and then open up the other one officially. And we, clearly, at these lower stock prices for Corning, which we think are below appropriate value, we buy more.
James B. Flaws: China demand has been mixed so far. The May holidays were weaker, and we're anxiously awaiting the June numbers. What we are seeing is that in China, where traditionally most – a lot of the demand was driven in these big holiday periods, Chinese New Year, May Day, National Day in October, is that there's now an increased number of online sales. And our initial tracking of that looks like that's more consistent during the year. And we think that June will actually be a very strong month for that. But that being said, we did lower our China unit forecast based on what we think is a slowing economy, slightly from what we'd seen before.
Wendell P. Weeks: Can I just add one quick thing for you on Gorilla just for fun, right. So for fun, through quarter two, we just passed cumulative $4 billion in revenue in Gorilla, and over 1 billion square feet of glass. And the nice thing about the price piece here is we anticipate overall for Specialty, CSM, take a double-digit profit growth here, including Gorilla, for the year. And that what Gorilla 4 is going to allow us to do is basically flatten price declines, and that's going to be terrific.
Wendell P. Weeks: So for Optical, I think Jim used this, probably the most fun statistic, which is we normally say that our long-term goal in Optical is to grow at twice the rate of telecom CapEx. And what we've been seeing now for quite a while is actually, excluding acquisitions, we're growing at four times telecom CapEx, and including acquisitions, over 10 times telecom CapEx. And what's driving that is a combination of the right products, but also our strength in the right regions to get to your second question. So we're seeing very strong North America, we're seeing very strong fiber-to-the-home, and we're seeing very strong data center work. And that combination of our strong position in data centers and our strong position in fiber-to-the-home is what's behind this really sort of powerful growth story.
Wendell P. Weeks: No such thing as blank checks. But the core of your idea, which is that given the strength of our position and how much win there is in our category, we would like to accelerate that further with continued acquisitions. That's clearly our strong intent and it's just a matter of getting the ones that are the right fit at the right price.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yes. The second is that while we would – 0.4 mm is one level, 0.3 mm is another, right. We believe that competitively, it gets harder to do. And there isn't as much cost improvement as you begin to move to those thicknesses because of the relative difficulty of the way – of handling that much glass flow and doing it in a stable way. The way you have to think about as you go thinner, and it's why we get more square footage out when you do it, is the way you go thinner is you go faster. The faster you pull glass, the more unstable the sheet becomes when you're doing something like fusion. And when you're doing something like float, you've got a fundamental problem of the relative weight in the physics of the glass on top of a tin bath. Those things combine, we think, to give us an opportunity to be able to differentiate ourselves on thin. 0.4 mm is more within the range of our competitor's capabilities than 0.3 mm is, easily. But what we believe is there's an opportunity here for us to try to change that pricing trajectory for thin and maybe even especially for stuff that we can only do uniquely, much like we did Gorilla Glass, to price in dollars. We expect there to be competition in 0.4 mm; 0.3 mm we think it'll be harder still. But this is part of our plans to try to stabilize Display long term and, ultimately, we'd like it to turn the corner and start making – growing profitability wise. Like I said, remains to be seen. Can it happen? Right? Remains to be seen how all the competitive dynamic will play out. But that is the approach we'd like to take.
Wendell P. Weeks: I would prefer your approach. I mean I would prefer you to be right, which is then to correct more in quarter three and make it even slighter in quarter four. But past behavior tells us it'll probably run the way it is, we've described earlier on the call. You heard Rod, it could even be a little hotter in quarter three.
Wendell P. Weeks: Great. So NXT is out there now and beginning its qualification cycle. We look to that area as a spot where we'll be able to improve our profitability in high-performance displays over the coming quarters. Early returns are pretty good for customers. But our share traditionally in that piece of the market tends to be a little bit lower, and so we're replacing our competitor, and that's just going to take some cycle time. Most of those products go into these smaller mobile devices and so they're spec-ed all the way through by the brand, so you've got to go through two quals. But we're encouraged by our opportunity to improve profitability there. On Phire, what we're doing now, our first products, we've got our first order on Phire, but it's going to be on – the first ones are going to start a little smaller, so it's going to be on wearables. More to come. This is a brand-new process as well as a brand-new product so its ramp cycle's going to be a little slower. What we like about it is it offers the opportunity to significantly increase our revenue and profit per device sold, as well as having scratch performance approaching sapphire, but the outstanding drop performance of Gorilla where sapphire has that weakness of not as good a drop performance. Iris. Iris, which is adding the third piece of glass in a television for the backlight, what we've seen here is sort of split early on, just like you would normally expect. We've got a brand-new tech that's attacking an established plastic position. What we're seeing out of plastic is I'm introducing some new materials to try to get thinner to sort of fight off the glass attack. And right now, that's sort of running 50-50 in early debates for very early adopters. Some people are trying the new plastic set, some people are trying the new glass. It's going to take a little bit of time for us to sort out who wins what in that upcoming technology node. I think the good news is television's getting thinner, opens up that opportunity for us. Now we'll see who wins and who loses in that space. The final one I'd touch on is – Jim didn't get a question on it, but he did talk about it through in the opening is you saw our announcement on Gerresheimer, the formation of Corning Pharmaceutical Technologies. What that is about is a significant innovation that we have been on for a number of years. This is an industry that moves slowly because it's highly regulated. That being said, we've got a really good product idea here that is sort of a Gorilla-size opportunity for us. It's going to take some time. It's going to take a lot of effort. But we feel like that one is going to be one that hopefully in a year or so we'll be talking about a lot more.
Wendell P. Weeks: And glass capacity, I think, because people miss this sometimes on thin, and we sort of take it as everybody understands it, so therefore we're not that clear about it. But when we move to thin, you get more glass out of the melting side, but you still have to finish it by piece. So when you see us invest in additional finishing capacity, that is the small part of the overall capital spend, but we're still going to need to do that to be able to place the higher flow out of the melting tanks. In terms of melting tank type CapEx, that's going to move more with new Gen size and big regional moves like the ones that Jim's talking about the Gen 10 or Gen 10.5, and that's pretty early in the game there.
