James B. Flaws: I think we can give you some help on that, Rod. I'm not prepared to do it on the phone call, but I'm sure we can work with Ann and give you some help on that.
James B. Flaws: I don't have a lot of new information on 4K pricing. I mean, we did see good promotions during the period of time at – obviously at Christmas and for Super Bowl, but we continue to feel that the pricing is coming down. And a lot of set makers have just announced their new models. You've probably been seeing a lot of announcements, and they'll be available at retail starting late May, I believe. We continue to believe it's approaching the level that will drive demand there. We talked before about hitting the 1.5 comparison to a good quality regular high-def set. We think we're making progress on that. I think you know that we've been feeling that 2016 is going to be the breakthrough year for ultra-high def. We think 2015 will be a good year. There are some people who think we're being a little conservative on that, and then we'll find out in the back half of the year.
James B. Flaws: Obviously, in our dreams pricing goes up, but the first step is for it to continue to diminish. And we've been delighted, as I said in the call, to have this happen four quarters in a row. So we think we've got good momentum there. In terms of large sizes, we don't see a change statement coming in the continued growth of large-sized televisions. In fact every year for the last three years, we've, midyear, raised our size estimates, and that's continuing in the first couple months of retail that we've had and we have so far this year, it's continuing to grow. So we don't think we've come to the end of that cycle on standard high def, and clearly, ultra-high def will make it be even better, because those are sold in larger sizes, primarily, and also look much better in larger size.
James B. Flaws: Well, I think the volume sequentially was in line with what we were thinking about. So I don't think it was something that was different from what we expected. Inventory is something we're very alert to. The last few years, the peak that we have – we see in the supply chain has been about 18.5 weeks. The fact that we're at that at the end of Q1 as opposed to the end of Q2 is something we're very alert to. But we are still within what we regard as a healthy range on inventory.
James B. Flaws: Yeah. We feel quite good about our gross margin trends. As you know, I often answer this by saying it depends somewhat on the mix of our businesses. But in four of our five segments, gross margin percent is going up in each one of them. And so the absolute balance of them has an impact, because obviously some segments had a lower gross margin. For example, Optical is lower. But we're improving gross margins in almost all of our businesses; especially delighted by the performance in Gorilla. So I would say it's sustainable as long as the markets remain at the level of volume we're seeing today.
James B. Flaws: We don't have a tremendous amount of detail yet. I don't have full March results, unfortunately. But we've seen very good demand in North America. China, when you combine the first two months of the year, because remember the movement of the lunar holiday was January last year and this year it was in February has been good, large sizes have been good. The place where we're expecting some weakness at retail is around the comparisons on the World Cup last year, which will affect Europe and Latin America primarily. I'd say the one place that we might be seeing slight weakness is Europe so far this year, and that's a slight disappointment to us, but clearly the economies over there have seen some turbulence. So good in the United States, good in China through the lunar holiday, weak in Europe and average size continuing to grow.
James B. Flaws: That was for the market. We didn't give out a number for our own growth. As you know, it somewhat depends on the launch of models and also what the supply chain is doing. But we are expecting the market to grow in the mid double digits. We expect the markets' use of our glass to be higher than that, as we're gaining share. And we are obviously growing nicely with larger sizes. But our absolute number will be, in the end, dependent on what the ending inventory is in the supply chain. And that will be dependent on what people's outlooks are as they head into the next year.
James B. Flaws: I do not have that level of granularity. I can tell you where the inventory is high is at the set assembly level. It's not at retail. It's not at panel makers. But I do not have the granularity on the television versus IT.
James B. Flaws: So on the latter question, I think Optical in the Specialty Materials margin – gross margins are about half. In terms of Optical, TRM, we're not giving out exact numbers, but for the quarter, organic growth was greater than half of our increase. So that will help you at least get a line on it. I think R&D at core, I think we – it is the same.
James B. Flaws: It's based on the fact that we've closed almost all of our Q2 pricing, so we know we're going to have it.
James B. Flaws: It's not based on generation size anymore. So it's based on just what we've concluded with our customers compared to what Q1 pricing was.
James B. Flaws: No. It was slightly higher than JPY 99, but we're not giving out the exact number. We're going to continue to report the core at JPY 99, and then in GAAP, you'll see the difference between the actual hedges and the core rate. But we did – we think we did quite well.
James B. Flaws: It's a little early for me to comment on 2017 capital, but relative to our basic footprint, I'm not expecting big surges in capital for the generations of 8.5 and below. But, ask me again in July, and I'll give you an update on 2017. Q – [061H0T-E Patrick Newton]>: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
James B. Flaws: No. Just a reminder. We did say our volume growth was up 20% in quarter one; year-over-year, it's going to be up in the mid-teens is what our guidance is. But when you look at consumption of our glass going into sell-in, the percent is very similar in each quarter.
James B. Flaws: So we did factor it in, but television size has been a little bit better. And also for us, as customers make our product, they're using a little bit more glass per end device, which helps us out their own efficiencies, particularly as they make ultra-high def. So we did factor in the lower IT into our forecast but other factors allowed us to maintain it.
Wendell P. Weeks: I think one thing I'd add for you, Rod, too is really intriguing what's happening, is that on top of the 2K/4K, now we're seeing the introduction of a higher-end version with quantum dot technology, which they look terrific, by the way, and once again helps make OLED TV a more distant future possibility. But what I think to your question that offers up is you have now a new entry at the highest end, and they'll also carry pure ultra underneath, which ought to give them some good flex on being able to have ultra get closer and closer to standard def – standard high def.
Wendell P. Weeks: And on price, as you heard Jim comment in his opening comments, we have a number of elements aligning that are helping us reduce the level of price decline quarter over quarter, and we really like the trend. And we expect those factors to continue to be in place. However, at this time, we're not anticipating being able to raise prices. That would be a fabulous problem to have in total. However, what we are looking very closely at is in the move to ultra-thin televisions and ultra-thin glass, there may be the opportunity there for us to introduce that product, there's a price premium. We're doing that currently. Whether or not that can sustain will really depend on both our competitors' capabilities and their mindset.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, the way we think about our portfolio is that to continue to be in our portfolio, you have to do three things as a business unit. First, you have to be able to beat your competition. In other words, you have to grow sales and earnings faster than all your competition in your industry and overall. That's a very harsh metric, right? That's very hard to do. All of our segments are doing it. Second, that as a segment, you have to have a set of assets that can potentially help other segments. Or three, you have to have a market access point that we can use the assets from our other segments or the corporation to create entirely new businesses. So a great example of that would be our Environmental business. So Environmental is basically an automotive-driven business. We have significant assets, which is of course our R&D, as well as significant glass assets that we use to make LCD and Gorilla. What we're using that position in in Environmental to do and those strong customer relationships is to introduce Gorilla Glass to the automotive segment and be able to do it through the front end that we have in that segment. And we have a number of those examples. So we're seeing a lot of that interaction with Glass, with Environmental, with Specialty of course, and in Opto as well, with being able to take into consumer electronics some of our Opto capabilities. Life Sciences is the one where we have yet to prove that we can bring a significant new innovation to fundamentally turn that business into a stronger grower that makes use of our R&D investment. We anticipate to be able to answer that question shortly. If the answer ends up being no, then that's a candidate. But we think the answer is going to end up being yes.
Wendell P. Weeks: And if I could build on that a little. So when we talk about the market growth, what we're really talking about is sort of the sell-in to the retail piece from our big OEM brands. And as Jim laid out, as the market growth outlook, that's the level we're looking at.
Wendell P. Weeks: If you take a look at that same level on Gorilla, we would expect Gorilla to grow faster, because we're building on an already very strong position. We're actually gaining ground both on the high end and the low end. And then what Jim's talking about that then depends on launches. Now, as you step back to how much glass we ship in any given quarter, that gets impacted by how our brand customers decide to build their supply chains. There is one thing they never want to do, which is run out of glass at the beginning of their launches. So you can get big supply chain builds, and then you can get correction. So that makes that little hard to call in any given year in total where our shipments end up being. However, what we know is as long as our end market position continues to grow and continues to be strong, that's just a question of what quarter we get the demand in. So that's the real sort of heartbeat that we look at for demand.
Wendell P. Weeks: So on Willow Glass, we have now a number of significant near-term opportunities, and that we would hope are going to turn into significant revenues in the near future. It's too early to sort of spike the ball, but we are now working on three or four significant opportunities that have the opportunity to take Willow from being a commercially available product to a product that we start to make some good revenues on. So we're right at the beginning of that. More to come. More to come.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, there are two areas for the low end that we tend to look at are in Chinese OEMs, the Chinese brands, as well as touch on notebook. And in both of those areas, we're seeing growing share for us. Part of it has to do with changes in our strategy. Part of it has to do with some excellent execution by our people on the ground. Also, part of it has to do with – in the competition in China, what we're seeing is the emergence of players who want to use the highest quality components, and that is also helping us. So I'd like to attribute it all to changes in our strategy and better execution, and that's part of the story, but also part of the story is that the Chinese brands are trying to lift themselves up to world-class levels of quality and performance, and we're one of their first stops on that journey.
Wendell P. Weeks: Sure. Of course in terms of year over year, we're lapping the decreases from last year. So those are going to be embedded. As we with think right now about Gorilla price, and then I'll switch to margin, what we're seeing is more and more moderation. Part of that is helped by the fact that we've introduced Gorilla Glass 4 as a price-premium product to Gorilla Glass 3, and Gorilla Glass 4's take-up has been outstanding. People really want it, and they're willing to pay up for it. So Gorilla Glass 4 compared to Gorilla Glass 3 is a margin enhancer for us overall, even though it cost us a little bit more, the pricing is more than overcoming that increase in cost. That, put together with our continued improvements in productivity and efficiency is what creates the type of net income up that you saw in this quarter. So we continue to be feeling quite positively about Gorilla gross margin enhancement as we work our way through this year.
Wendell P. Weeks: So great questions. First, on Phire, let's do timing. Phire is still relatively early in its creation cycle. And there are some products that would have the potential to launch this year in smaller volume. That would be our desire, to allow us to work through exactly the manufacturing question that you raised. However, we're getting very strong pull on Phire. So it could be that we will get at least requests to go earlier than what we would like. How to close the delta between desire and reality is one of life's great problems. So we're still in the midst of trying to figure that one out. Now, as far as business model goes, it is our intent that we will make more money when we introduce Phire as opposed to less money. Now, how that plays out on gross margin percent versus do we get other types of income flows from this will all depend on the business models that we ultimately set up with our customers. Like I said, this is still a product that is in its elementary school time. So we don't exactly have the business model agreed to with our customers. What we do have is a strong desire expressed for what the product does. So more to come. I'm sorry I don't have a little more right now. Maybe ask me again next time I'm online, and I should be able to have more information for you, sir.
Wendell P. Weeks: I think that's a great question, and it's something that I've worked on with other opinion leaders and innovators in the space a lot. I'd say that we see really, really encouraging work exactly in the area that you are discussing. And I think that the key blocker to bringing some of this to market is that access to the living room, and some way to integrate the physical devices like the TVs as well as your small screens with the software capability to be able to start to do some really interesting things, especially on cloud-based services, to really enhance the experience a lot. And we're starting to see really strong progress and really new entrants to that space that you see the beginning of when you see these additions of the boxes or the sticks or things like that to your physical device. That is the foot in the door that's going to create, I think, better experiences going forward. Because the one thing the small screen can't do is allow us to have a shared experience, which is really important to just human behavior. And the best innovations I'm seeing in this space on software end-use are all about that piece. It's not just about making a bigger screen. It's not just about having a more dramatic experience. It's about how do I enhance the shared nature of that larger screen. And there's some encouraging things happening, but you need to see some business models really slide into place before it happens.
Wendell P. Weeks: So we're not seeing a lot of cannibalization right now. We're seeing the sort of two-product strategy that we have done to be basically in the direction of switching the GG 4. But what we're saying to our customers is, hey, if you want a real price competitive product or closer in price competitive product, then here is GG 3. And if you want the superior performance of GG 4, this is the price you choose. And we're having customers actually choose a mix. But for now at least, the penetration rate of GG 4 is higher than what we expected. We originally expected it to only flow in on their highest end, and they stay with GG 3 on some of their lower end. Right now, and this could change, right now, we're seeing a shift towards GG4. And then, of course, Fire when that comes is going to add yet another layer of complication to this. But overall, I think it's all good.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well I'd just build on Jim's answer of earlier too, in our Gen 8.5 and below platform, our existing platforms, we feel really good about where we stand for the amount of capacity we have. We may add finishing lines here and there in China, as you point out. But those tend not to have a big build to it. I think that the only regional play that is worth, as always, keeping an eye on is do we see any significant new generations come in China. And if that were to happen, we would of course be anybody's first port of call on the very large size pieces, and we'd have to work our way through to find, do we have an advantaged way to do that that would be good for our shareholders. Now, to Iris, I think you portrayed it very well. This is a high-end ultra-thin to start as a business. It's still, once again, very early days for this product. We're engaged across all the brands. There is interest in using glass in that function of a light-guide plate, but it is still too early to call penetration. And then how does the battle play out between glass and the two alternative materials that we're battling against. They have different pros and cons but we're just in the middle of that fight, actually in the beginning steps of that fight, so it's too early to call at what round we win at.
Avi Silver: Yes. Hi. Thank you. A couple of questions on Display. So first of all, Jim, at what rate did you hedge the remaining 20% of volumes? Is it also at JPY 99 compared to the core for 2016? And then on Display pricing, the press release says that the volume grew high teens year on year. If I were to assume 18%, that would imply a 4% ASP decline. I think on the call you said it was down slightly. In that case, ASP would have been more than the 2% to 3% decline. So I just want to understand whether the ASP – not like-for-like pricing was within the 2% to 3% band in the March quarter, or was it maybe slightly below that band? And then I have a follow-up.
Avi Silver: Well, just on the hedge, the remaining 20% that you hedged on 2016, was that also at JPY 99? And then I have a follow-up.
Avi Silver: Okay. Great. And then a follow-up question for Wendell, it's kind of a longer term question on TVs. Can you talk about the potential for experiences to – on TVs to improve? So, you're making a replacement cycle argument on the aging installed base, but the flip side of that is consumers are spending more time staring at smaller screens and less time staring at larger screens anecdotally. So I'm wondering whether there's something on the Software services side that you see over the next couple years that can change experience and ultimately stimulate long-term demand for LCD TV. Thank you.
