Wendell Weeks: In cloud, they continue to see pretty strong revenue performance in cloud, as I’m sure you have seen. And in general, the pandemic put some of those major infrastructure programs a little bit behind where they would like them. So we’re continuing to see demand there. That’s very robust. The main thing that’s providing any volatility in our cloud based demand tends to be their ability to actually get their installations done on time to actually get all the labor that they need to actually get the construction going. And it also plays very nicely into some of our new innovations that use tremendously less labor. And so that’s one of the reasons we’re seeing strong take up of our new innovations in cloud. So although cloud is – will always go with sort of how can they run their construction projects. Overall, we’re seeing nothing but a strong demand signal out of our customers there.
Wendell Weeks: On Display, as you would’ve heard in our opening, we are – we expect our volume to be in line with where panel makers are taking their utilization and down some 15% in quarter three. As we take a look at retail what we’d say is we’d expect TV units to probably be down this year now, especially given what has happened with the China shutdowns. But it could be flat. And I think it’s just too early for us to talk about next year. This is a pretty significant correction that we’re working our way through and the real critical spot for us is we want to be able to continue to execute our strategy and have that our price be stable, have our market position stay stable. And then we’ll be there for as television unit demand and panel maker utilization comes up, we’ll see our profitability climb in line.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, Samik. So I think maybe stepping back a little bit on the guide, if I think about both the third quarter and the full year, what we’ve tried to do is reflect the highest probability range that we can for sort of all the dynamics we’re seeing across all of our markets. And as we talked about in Display, it’s – there was a pretty sharp correction down in June. We’re expecting that to continue into the third quarter, but we have a range of how we see that playing out. And then the same thing holds true related to demand in China, which obviously impacts automotive in the back half of the year. It’ll impact potentially smartphones and maybe even Life Sciences, right? So if you think about our guide, there’s a high end and a low end and sort of our view of a most probable outcome. And so, yes, we’re expecting the fourth quarter to probably be a little bit better than the third quarter, depending on where you pick within that range we’ve given you for the third quarter and it’s certainly possible if sort of things play out as they normally do. You would see an uptick in Display. That’s definitely in the range of probabilities in terms of how we’ve thought about it.
Wendell Weeks: Rod, I would agree with your observation and concerned insightful observation that the more premium end is doing better than the low end and the largest deterioration has been in that piece of the market. We think that relative outperformance will be there, but we don’t like in our guide, we’re not reflecting a belief that it’s just going to be bimodal, right. We think everybody’s going to get impacted and it’s a timing question. But you’ll still have relative outperformance in the premium end and that’s the way we look at it. Is that the question you were asking Rod? [Ph]
Wendell Weeks: Yes. We’re seeing the impact of that being below where we would’ve thought it would be really driven, I think primarily by this combination of China shutdowns and inflation. So it’s below what we would have normally expected it to be, but it is, we are still seeing outperformance run.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. Thanks Rod. So on solar, I think the way to think about it is through the year, last year and into sort of the second quarter of this year, we continued to ramp our solar sales. We were originally selling out of inventory and we sort of sold all that out and then we started production back up in the fourth quarter. And so it has become a greater part of the sales in Hemlock and Emerging Growth segment. In addition to that, what I would say is, we are getting to be capacity constrained. I mean, we're selling for the most part, what we can make, we'll get a little better at making and we'll have a little more capacity in the back half and as we go into 2023, but not a lot of capacity. And I think the important thing to think [Technical Difficulty] make we'll get a little better at making and we'll have a little more capacity in the back half and as we go into 2023, but not a lot of capacity. And I think the important thing to think about is, we've signed customers up for multi-year take or pay contracts to essentially sell out that capacity. So we feel really good about that demand and our ability to supply it. We have more capacity that we could turn on. It would be a decision we'd have to make based on the dynamics in the market and our ability to continue to get customers to take that volume either by giving us cash or signing up for long-term commitments.
Wendell Weeks: [Technical Difficulty] to supply it, we have more capacity that we could turn on. It would be a decision we'd have to make based on the dynamics in the market and our ability to continue to get customers to take that volume either by giving us cash or signing up for long-term commitments.
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think the good – the demand is high. I do agree. I think we're cautious in this space and we want to make sure that we've got good commitment for any additional demand that we would turn on. We'll update you as that plays itself out in the back half of this year and into 2023.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. I would say, the biggest change probably going back a quarter is what happened in China with respect to lockdowns in the second quarter. That impacted demand and the supply chain in that part of the world significantly. And obviously it impacted us. And I think in the range of how we see the back half, a lot of that is what happens in China, across the board sort of in all of our markets for the part, other than optical. And I would say that there aren't any significant changes. Other than that, the one thing I'd add is in auto, in general, we were expecting a higher auto market at the beginning of the year, both in China, but in totality. And I think our view of that market is that it's still constrained. We think end market demand is there, but the industry is constrained and therefore, our expectations are a little lower than maybe they were a quarter ago.
Wendell Weeks: Well, it's a good question. Our main contribution to panel makers cost structure is the ability of our innovations to dramatically lower the overall production cost of panel making. For instance, a Gen 10.5 facility can manufacture panels roughly at a 30% lower cost for large size TVs than the Gen 8.5 that preceded it. And so for us to deliver those type of innovations also requires us to invest and we require a return on that investment. So we believe glass is already a great buy for our customers. And the best way that we can help them be successful is to continue to be very reliable suppliers and continue to innovate and help the fact that they add way more cost downstream of us than the cost that re-represented their total. And as we can improve their productivity, life gets better for them. Price elasticity wise, panel prices are already plenty low and we would expect that to help flow in to television set manufacturers and that to in turn help activate end consumers who are quite sensitive to pricing, but nothing we can do is going to make a significant Delta in that overall market price elasticity, sir.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. I think you correctly identified the dynamic, Martin. It is sort of our content-driven strategy has been in mobile consumer electronics like a number of our markets is not just account on people buying more stuff, buying more phones, but to put more Corning content into the smart devices that people already buy. And so each of those new innovations tends to have more value to it and therefore add to our content. And that's why despite flat to down smartphone market, we've grown our revenues some 40% or more is it's basically that content strategy.
Wendell Weeks: We – yes, we have new innovations that we have lined up that we’re seeing a good strong interest in and adoption of. So, yes, we continue to see that strategy be able to play out successfully in the years to come. Now at the same time, all of that innovation, all of that new technology adoption does happen in a broader macroeconomic context, right? So how that will impact our customers launch plans and the like. I think would remain to be seen. But the fundamental structure of the strategy is in place.
Wendell Weeks: So we continue to see demand from both. Without doubt carrier demand has been highly stimulated by everything that’s going on with both public policy as well as them having to catch up to sort of everything that happened in the pandemic. As we went into the pandemic, actually they lowered their CapEx spend maybe by about two-thirds for both safety and just cash preservation terms, all while during the pandemic demand sword with like broadband use up some 50%, cloud revenue up some 60%, 70%. And during that time period, both hyperscalers and carriers were pretty constrained. Now all of them build ahead of demand. They tend to want to have about 18 months of supply, at least in place to be able to take in the volatility of their customer’s bandwidth demands. So we sort of went through that and we have to re-establish that. So in all of them, we have felt that sort of pull as well as they look ahead, they see strong growth. So in general, things are still flashing green. You’re right, that will have certain of the hyperscalers at different times back off some of their stronger megawatt projections, but in all of them, we pretty much have a range on how many megawatts we think they can get in and which where we’re aimed, if that makes sense to you.
Wendell Weeks: Let me take the first one. And then we’ll go into the more detailed second one. So in the first one, I wouldn’t characterize that we’ve been holding back on our investments due to the macro. What we are doing is making sure first at the operating level, like for instance, in display. We’re taking the opportunity to take our tanks down for repair and putting in new technology packages. And we just simply won’t restart them until such times, as we have really nice clarity on our customer’s demand. And in that way we’ll keep supply and demand in balance. And we have similar things like that as we can feather one way or the other. In opto, if you’re aimed at that in opto, in connectivity, we have now brought it because when we think about opto, you need fiber, you need cable and you need connectivity to build these passive optical networks. And in connectivity, we successfully brought up enough capacity in the first half, so that we feel pretty good about our ability to meet customer’s ramps there that we see. In fiber and cable, if we could make more, we could sell more. And it was just that the way the supply chains work, construction work, we’re just going a little bit behind where we would like to be on some of our ramps and we’ll pick those up next year. In every case where we do a significant investment, we have committed demand from a customer and we ask some substantial financial commitment from them. So we would expect to continue to build with them to the extent that they offer that type of commitment and therefore an appropriate sharing of risk with our shareholders. So that’s sort of in macro. And then to your specific question, I would say, without question labor remains the top issue for installations, whether it’s in hypers or it’s in carriers. That remains one of the more tightly – one of the tightest pieces on the critical path. At the same time, you’re quite right to point out that you move in this economic situation in this sort of odd moment, we all find ourselves in. You move from one bottleneck to another to another. So I’m quite sure you’re right, if we were able to resolve labor, there’d be something else.
Ed Schlesinger: And I’ll take your second question, Wamsi on Specialty Materials. So couple things, one, first I think, we’re performing well in this segment, right? The market is down and we’re flattish. It’s a great more Corning story for us. So we’re outperforming the market there. And then secondly, I think on the profitability side, it’s primarily about the continued adoption of our new cover materials and us adding content into the market. That’s really what’s driving the profitability relative to the flat sales.
Ed Schlesinger: Just add some there, Rod, I think your instincts are right, that you have a bold case for solar. What makes us really insist on committed demand from our customers and to make sure that that our customers are taking on more of the risk under their shareholders than ours would take is because geopolitics also plays a role. So energy always has geopolitics play a role and solar is no different and so given that, is why we want to make sure that if we add – if we bring on more capacity that our shareholders basically are getting a nice free shot on goal.
Ed Schlesinger: And I'd say all the mega – the trends, the big secular trends that we are behind and we're investing up for as well as sort of the more Corning strategy that looks to us like it is holding up quite well, even in these sort of challenging macro environment. And we would expect that to continue. There's other little things that are moving around in our range that have to do with our ability to bring up capacity. Optical, we're running maybe about a quarter behind on some of the capacity that we would've thought, we would've had available to sell this year. And that's now that growth will now push into next year. There's a lot of puts and takes, but in total, we are feeling quite good about where we placed our bets and the efficacy of our content driven strategy.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Hi Mehdi, I think a couple things to think about. First, it's a difficult supply chain environment. We want to make sure we can supply our customers. So we probably have a little more inventory than we might otherwise have. That will eventually go back to normal, hard to call the timing on that. I think the second thing is, if you think about the inflationary impacts, we see and we talk about them mostly in the context of our P&L, they also sit in inventory, right. So you have higher raw material costs and higher costs to produce. And so some of the higher balance sheet, you see, the higher dollars is related to inflation as well. Now that gets passed along in the form of price. So the profitability is the same, but you're carrying a little bit more of that on your balance sheet.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks for the questions. So, on the sales side, I think we gave you our guide for the year and we’re in that zone. And we’re not going to give new long-term guidance right now, primarily just because of all the challenges we articulated on the call. It’s a very dynamic external environment. At some point we’ll certainly update you about 2023 and perhaps longer-term. But I think the – as Wendell said earlier, the secular growth trends are all intact and we feel really good about them over the long-term, despite sort of this current challenging environment. And then on the operating leverage side, I think the primary driver for sure this year is what’s happening in display. Volume going down, panel maker utilization going down the market going down and our volume following is just a significant impact on our profitability. So that’s the real primary driver on the earnings per share side this year.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. You’re right. We did say that and we still, for sure, believe the first quarter was the trough. As you saw in our results, we stepped up about 1 point in the second quarter. That’s really all about the pricing actions we had talked about. We feel great about those actions. And although the inflationary environment is still with us, we’ll continue to raise price. And so over a period of time, that should be a favorable tailwind to margins. I would just caution that it will be a slow march in this environment.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. So thanks, Tim. So on capacity, we’ve been talking about adding capacity it’s fiber and cable capacity primarily this year. We have a little bit coming on in the third quarter and a little more in the fourth quarter. And as you heard Wendell say, we’re a little behind, probably a quarter or so relative to what we thought, maybe three, six months ago, so some of that capacity will help us more in the first half of 2023 versus in 2022. We did have a really strong quarter and we sell a mix of products and on the connectivity side where we have capacity that helped our quarter significantly in the second quarter. And I think on the operating leverage, you’re exactly right. Optical happens to be one of the businesses that has had a lot of inflation. We have raised prices successfully there and that has helped us kind of normalize our margins and slowly march them up there as well. And I think you can continue – you should continue to expect to see that, but again, just caution that it will be a slow march up in this environment.
