Wendell Weeks: Yeah, I think from Samik, from an overall standpoint the TV demand has clearly been resilient. The data points that we saw in the second quarter was the fact that the TV units were up on a year-over-year basis and that was certainly better than Q1. I mean, it was also better than well, most people were expecting as we went into the quarter. In addition to that, if you look at what happened in the preliminary data in June and July, I mean, that data was also very strong. In China, we didn't see a change in that data, though, that demand remains robust. And then North American and Europe, it was strong during the whole quarter and that continued. So yes, we think TV demand is resilient. We also think that supply chain is perfectly healthy. I mean, we ended the year in a healthy supply chain situation, of course, nobody knew exactly what was going to happen in the second quarter. But given what did happen in the second quarter and the way things are going now, we don't see any supply chain issues there.
Wendell Weeks: I think stepping back and looking at free cash flow conversion, fundamentally, when we're not in a build cycle, our free cash flow conversion is excellent. And that's where we are right now. Right, so it's less really about the specific programs and specific things we're doing. It's more just since it takes us a couple three years to build one of our major low-cost factories, but there's a cycle where we invest for the future. And it is that investment to drive down our free cash flow conversion. We're in a period right now, where we've gotten ahead of that. So, we're in a spot where we're just in a reinvestment stage. And we were like that, we're going to have really high free cash flow conversion, you can expect that to continue.
Wendell Weeks: Steve, I think that's an excellent question and sort of balance of the known versus the unknown and then try to come to the conclusion. On the known side, both our cloud providers as well as our network service providers, all are experiencing very strong growth, as you heard from Tony and you've heard from me during this call. That strong growth and they see an opportunity for more revenue production going forward. And they see that fiber based networks have -- are just lower cost. And we're starting to see some commentary especially from the network providers about how they can combine and merge all the various services onto one high capacity fiber network, and therefore, open up lots of avenues towards revenue creation, all off on capital investment. So, all of that is stacking up to sort of powerful forces to put Optical Communications back in a cycle of growth. On the unknown side, real people have to install these networks. Real people have to show up to put in place these massive cloud-based data centers. And even when people are resuming putting technicians in the field, it is at a much less rate than what it would be -- what would be needed to support historical build cycles. So, we still have the pandemic here. And so that makes actual prediction just quarter-to-quarter what will happen to be difficult? But I think as you said Steve, because that's what's behind the question, the fundamentals look really strong. Our market position looks really strong. We should be entering a growth cycle. Now, we just got to see how the world deals with the pandemic.
Wendell Weeks: This year if we're doing our job, that's the way we think about it. We should be outpacing the market and we will get on with that post haste.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question. Once you've heard from us in the past really remains -- those fundamental drivers remain in place, which is, we have been preparing for a number of years for the ascendancy of the Chinese panel making infrastructure. And because of the particular way that economy works, that we believe, what was the strongest region in terms of production in Korea at a cost disadvantage. Once they made the decision not to go to Gen 10.5 that sort of was the die was cast. So, that's why we have been on our investment cycle in China with three quarters of the support coming from our customers or the Chinese government in one form or another. So, those trends look right, they continue to move in our direction. It all just happened a little bit faster than we were planning. Because Korea ended-up, Samsung specifically ended-up making decisions a little faster than what was their original plan. So, we don't really have all of our Gen 10.5 facilities up to support all that demand yet. And that's what we're working through. CC, of course, is a strong customer of ours. We would expect our market position to continue to grow as the trends towards China continue and the trends towards our long-term strategic partners continue.
Wendell Weeks: Well, in this industry remember we’re an attacker. So historically, we haven't had much of a position in pharmaceutical packaging. And it was only when we saw significant issues with the packaging of today that we developed the Valor Innovation and decided we needed to do this to make patients safer. And we needed to bring our capabilities to that fight. So, we're really the attacker, we're just getting started. But I think you're right. I think we're off to a robust start to give our competitors a heck of a wake-up call.
Wendell Weeks: So, let's start with your premise, okay. We're not providing lower guidance for September. Nor are we providing lower guidance for Specialty or anything like this. While this is, I think you're over thinking it. Here's the situation. Really, all lights are flashing green in our specific industries and in our performance of our units. Our financial executives, our operational executives, our strategic executives, where all four are getting more specific guidance this quarter, okay. I'm the problem. And it's not anything that we're seeing happening specifically in our industries. It's just as I look at the world, and I see the pandemic doing what it's doing. I see a very broad global recession. I see civil unrest, really across the globe. And I see an awful lot of global tensions in a geopolitical sense, and is that macro area that makes me say, I think there's just too much uncertainty just to count on what we're seeing with our own two eyes. But if we just looked at our data, I think we'd be comfortable giving specific guidance. And we would view that guidance as positive. And I'm just more worried about the uncertainty. Does that make sense to you, Rod? I know it must disappoint.
Wendell Weeks: That's a very excellent question. In a way, what you're asking is, when will we be in our next build cycle, which usually is for revenue that's a couple of years now. I think it's really hard to answer that question Wamsi. Drove me up in the middle of the night and asked me, I'd say, I think we're going to be in a period of really staying within more of the reinvestment, repurpose pieces of our wheel, right. And pieces of our wheel for a time period that is your normal models you should be able to count on. At the same time, what we hope for is that things like successful health with the vaccine that, this the movement towards more optical networks and all those things put us in a long-term spot, those mega trends are a conversion of more value in order to be back in our build cycle. But I think we'll have plenty of warning, Wamsi. Sorry, I don't have a more specific answer for you.
Tony Tripeny: Well, certainly a lot of that was by reducing inventory -- reduced inventory over $100 million during the quarter. And if you recall, over the last 18 months or so as we thought our sales were going to be more stronger than they actually turned out to be we actually built up a fair amount of inventory, so, we think there's the opportunity to continue to reduce inventory. And then just from an overall operational standpoint, one of our real focus areas of the company is on the inventory management and how to get better at that. So, I think that at least that is sustainable for at least a couple more quarters, no doubt, when we grow again, we'll have to consume working capital. The other thing that was a big improvement during the quarter, of course, was what happened on capital spending. And as you know in the first quarter, a lot of that was the expansion capital wrapping up on some of our biggest projects, such as Gen 10.5 and although we still have some of that that's going on, we've reduced it significantly in Q2. And we expect Q3 and Q4 to be at those same levels.
Tony Tripeny: Yes, Asiya, you're correct. I think when we idle capacity that does hurt the margins, especially if you're having less production than you're actually selling because you also take down inventory, which is, of course, what we did in Q2, in Q3. On the other side, though we did a lot of cost reduction efforts, and that ends up helping margins. And so, we ended up in Q2 with margins very similar to what we had in Q1 on a gross margin level and then on an operating margin level, of course, we did better than that. So, as we look forward, the key here is to increase sales and as we create more sales through our factories and more sales for OpEx structure, we'll see expansion in margins.
Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint, each of those items were roughly about a third of the reason for the outperformance. I mean clearly what happened the glass that we sell both the tablets and as far as we sell the notebook computers that have Gorilla Glass on them was very important to us. And we think it's a good example of the innovations that we have that cause us to perform better than the underlying market. And the semiconductor performance was also good. I mean, the demand for advanced chipsets really have made a difference there. And then from a glass standpoint, as we said, we -- as people get ready, as our customers get ready to introduce new products in the back half of the year, they of course, pull all those products early and we saw nice demand there too.
Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint, in the specialty side and the carrier market, I mean, it's certainly more than one or two customers, but it was very much driven in the carrier market and when you see our detailed numbers, you'll see that those were the numbers that were up on a sequential basis. In the enterprise market, it was a little bit more mixed, I think from a data center standpoint. That's where a lot of the labor constraint really showed up, I mean, in some data centers, less so than others. But I think that's one of the reasons that those sales were down on a quarter-over-quarter basis. But then also a lot of our enterprise customers are small and medium businesses, and also corporate spending. And we saw, those areas were clearly impacted by what's happening in the outside world. But there was a broad set, especially in the carrier business.
Tony Tripeny: Yes, I mean, it was very specifically a stealth project that we hadn't really talked a lot about externally, that had originally been initiated by a customer request. And if you recall on our 3, 4, 5 strategies, there's the 20% that’s outside of 3, 4, 5 capabilities where we put our energy and efforts into. I mean, it's one of those projects in that 20% category. And of course, in this environment, it made sense for us to go back and look at that 20%. And so that's what we did. And, we ended up restructuring impairing some of those assets.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah. And I think from an overall standpoint, I mean, Wendell is right, I mean, we're in a period of time where our free cash flow conversion is going to be strong because we’re not doing the investment capital that we've done the last several years and so either on any given line item on the cash flow statement, there's a variety of things that happened on a month in and month out standpoint. But we're committed and we're going to deliver free cash flow for the year. And, that's what our focus is. And we’re thrilled with our performance in the second quarter. I think it really helps investors understand our ability to generate that free cash flow.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, I think the way to think about it Wamsi is, as we spend this money, this gets reversed. And so we just get it added out into our statements I mean, most of it is for capacity and most of it is in CapEx, but there's also some operating expenses and they'll get reimbursed there too.
Tony Tripeny: I mean, clearly what we've done in the second quarter is reduce our operating costs. And that will be reflected as we get into Q3 and Q4. From our overall standpoint, as we've talked about before, our real focus area is to get back to growing our sales and growing our profitability. And when our sales grow, we expect to see improved profitability too.
Tony Tripeny: Mehdi, at the top of my head, I'm drawing a blank on that, that's clearly where a lot of the growth is going, to give example, almost 40% on a year-over-year basis. But when we have our follow up call, we'll get to the answer of that.
