Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the comments, Rod. It's Wendell. The -- our inventory is still well below where we would like it to be in display for service levels. We're hoping to have the opportunity in quarter two to rebuild it, remains to be seen whether or not we can - whether or not demand will allow us to be able to get that to the service levels we'd like. Right now, if you would ask us, we'd say probably wouldn't be till later in the year. Before we could get our service levels to the spot that we would like that have a little bit more contained logistics cost, a little bit easier for our customers to pull when they need it.
Wendell Weeks: That's a great question. If we could make more, we could sell more. So, we are -- you quite rightly point out the already announced capacity expansions. And as always, we're working with our customers to see if they're willing to make the appropriate level of commitments to be able to make us feel comfortable that we would add additional capacity. Those discussions have not been completed as of yet. So, what we are doing is we're focusing on ramping the already announced expansions and we're trying to accelerate those as much as we can. Demand remains robust.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. Hi, Martin. I would say that, for sure, we're seeing an impact across the entire supply chain, us, our customers and our suppliers. We're managing through it quite well. And we've reflected the perspective that will continue to see sort of rolling lock downs, if you will, through various different jurisdictions in China. I would say we're not expecting sort of a full Chinese economic shutdown in the way we think about our guidance. What we do, and we think our way through this, because we have to develop our different operating models is -- what we -- it was doing a lot of work with our various professionals to try to take a look at what are the most probabilistic outcomes here? What are the more probable outcomes, and then to design our operating contours to meet those? And how would we flex in certain ways to make sure that we're able to protect our people and still be able to serve our customers. And then what we’ve done is we've taken those potential outcomes, and then tried to build those into the financial guidance that we have given to you.
Wendell Weeks: So, we're deployed against that, Steven, as you know, right. And we are -- I think the best evidence for our ability to do that was just in our Q1 results, and in our Q2 guide. So that being said, as always, let's see how the cost profiles evolve. So far, what we have discovered is that our customers are working with us in partnership to more appropriately share the increased cost that we experience. We would expect that to continue.
Wendell Weeks: Steve, that's a great question. Let's reflect some on that. And let's have and get back to you and try to think about the best way to address that sort of that second question.
Wendell Weeks: That's an -- you guys are asking excellent questions. That's another excellent question. We do expect it to increase. I'm sort of not at liberty to say, sort of, in what way because that would give some insight into. Some of our customers were exciting new product of features. But let us think a little bit about is there a more macro index way to think about your question, because that's a reasonable question and let us reflect on that one, too.
Wendell Weeks: Certainly better price realization helps on the revenue line. And I would say optical continues to gain strength. But we have some good contributions really across the platform in a pretty balanced way. But it is Optical continues to provide a lot of our year-over-year growth this year continues to be a nice driver for us.
Wendell Weeks: Yes, we have both fiber and cable capacity coming online, so that sort of feeds almost everything we do across all of our customers. So that will give us capacity in many places in the Optical space.
Wendell Weeks: I think that the thing that Street most misses is that we have two big dynamics going on that maybe we had to adjust to. First is the success of our more Corning strategy. More and more of our content is being adopted into products that our customers already buy. And that gives us a lot of revenue leverage that is not dependent upon just people buying more stuff. That content story is very powerful one. And I think was also reflected in some of the questions that we got earlier in the call that were really good questions. And perhaps, we need to do a little bit better job of giving folks an idea of the power of that leverage is they think long-term about it. The next is, we are on top of some major secular trends. And the reason we've been around 170 years is we're really good at starting early on major technology trends that use our three core technologies at our four manufacturing and engineering platforms. And we're against trends that long-term are going to just be very powerful. You even saw some of them play out sort of in the surprises that people got in Q1. So Optical Communications people continue to underestimate mainly because they're missing just one a strong macro secular trend it is for now in 5G for cloud, as well as enhanced broadband across the globe. Even within Display, I think the big secular trend was the move to larger and larger displays, which are best expressed through Gen 10.5, which because of our long-term thoughtful technology innovations, we have our sort of unfair share of the expression of as displays go bigger. A new one, I think that people are beginning to get a grasp on, but still not yet reflecting is this sort of opportunity in renewable energy that are material set about 3 or 4 can potentially bring. And all of those were just in Q1. Plus, we have that same sort of big, macro secular trends in a number of our other areas. And I think in general, folks tend to be a little bit slow in realizing that those are the trend lines that any company is following. And we just need to continue to put up the type of results that you seen us do here, and that are in our guide for Q2 and for the year. And part of us believes that nothing will help change minds quite like consistent performance on our part, and that's where we focus.
Wendell Weeks: So we've tried to do is reflect that. And really, for us now, our manufacturing platforms is a little of a Rubik's Cube, because those manufacturing platforms serve our Mobile Consumer Electronics business, our Automotive business, and our Display business. And so what we need to do is sort of find different ways to get those technology upgrades in getting much needed repairs and maintenance. And so, putting that all together is what we try to reflect in our guide. I think one of the things that makes it challenging to evaluate from outside is that really with the way we make product. So our manufacturing platform serves many different outlets. So it's like hard to drive a direct line between what's happening in panels and directly into what will happen into our glass manufacturing. Because really we have demand overall for our fusion platform and our overall melting capability. That's a long way of basically saying we're feathering it in whenever we can, and we tried to reflect our best understanding in our guide to you.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes, hi. This is Ed. So, I think in the aggregate, the primary driver of our margin profile increase is raising price. As Wendell mentioned, and we talked a little bit about in our formal remarks, price was actually up in the quarter sequentially. So that's driving the increase in our margins in the aggregate. It plays out a little differently across all of our business segments.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes. sSo we have capacity in Optical coming online in the back half of this year, that will increase our capacity and allow us as you heard Wendell say to meet some of the unmet demand we have right now. And then as we see the demand profile playing out, we will make decisions around when we would add additional capacity. Obviously, having customer commitments will be a big part in how and when we do that.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes. Hi, Asiya. So, a couple of things I would say on free cash flow. First, generally, Q1 is the low quarter for us relative to the rest of the year. We expect sales to expand. So we built some working capital in the quarter. You'll see that inventory was up from the beginning of the quarter. So that's a driver of why free cash flow was a little low. And if you think about it relative to last year, we were at a much lower sales level and not necessarily expecting as much growth. So we didn't build as much inventory. In fact, we actually depleted inventory a little bit in Q1. I think you can think of us having similar year, as we've had in 2021 with respect to free cash flow this year.
EdwardSchlesinger: So, for us in Mobile Consumer Electronics, it's really so much more of a content story than a unit growth story. If you look over the last number of years, smartphone sales have been relatively flat and like our revenues been up over 40%. So, it's really a more a Corning content story. We expect that content story to continue to be favorable for us as we move through the next couple of years, at least.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes, thanks. The -- I would say the primary driver is price in Optical Communications. Of course, as sales go up, we would expect margins to go up as well. I think as we go forward, as Wendell mentioned, we will continue to look to increase price and you will see how input costs play out. And that will certainly impact how our margin progresses. But we do expect gross margin in total for the company to go up from the first quarter.
EdwardSchlesinger: So, I would say that we you should think of about it sequentially, it's just easier for us in terms of how we think about it, because of increasing inflation and increasing prices. If you get $1 of inflation and you offset that with $1 of price, your gross margin dollars are flat, but your percentage actually goes down. So, you sort of have this headwind you have to overcome. So through the year, we expect to overcome that headwind because we have price coming in, and we'll continue to grow our sales. So, I think of it as gross margin going up sequentially from Q1 to Q2.
EdwardSchlesinger: Yes. Thanks for that question. So, a couple of things. First, I just want to step back a little bit and remind everyone we hedge the yen and other Asian currencies, where we have significant exposure. We think of it as sort of a basket of exposures. We've been doing that for quite some time, we've been successful. And you've heard us say we've almost have $2 billion worth of cash received under these programs, we've been successful. We're pretty fully hedged out, 18 months or so. And then we have a material amount of our exposure hedged beyond that certainly in '23, and then we have hedges into 2024, and even some hedges in some of those currencies beyond that. So, I would not anticipate us certainly for the next couple of years changing our core rate from 107.
EdwardSchlesinger: Hi, Meta. So, in terms of Hemlock, as we've shared, we had a lot of inventory. We sold out almost all that inventory in 2021 and we started to ramp capacity in the fourth quarter. We shared that on our last conference call, and we've been ramping that capacity through the first quarter, we're sort of almost at the rate at which we want to be, to be able to serve the demand we have. And so, a little bit of inventory sold in Q1, but really now starting to sell the product that we're producing, and would expect to do that for the remainder of this year and forward. And then, in terms of Display, tanks, I think, as Wendell mentioned earlier, I think a lot of that will depend on how much demand we see in the second quarter. So, we definitely need to take those tanks down and replenish our inventory as we work through it, but part of that will be how robust the demand is in Q2.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you. Just first a clarification on free cash flow. It was much lower than what I was expecting, given your profitability and revenue. What should we expect for free cash flow cadence for the remainder of the year? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Okay, thank you. And then just on Display and cover glass demand, I understand pricing is obviously working in your favor for those segments and in aggregate. Do you also expect display unit demand to go up here in the second quarter and as the year progresses, I know at one point you were talking about China demand and just TV unit demand increasing as the year progresses, given World Cup that we have in the back half? Is that kind of still the outlook that you think just given the macro headwinds that are there for consumer spending.
Asiya Merchant: Yes. And then similarly, on smartphones, which are more of a covered glass story, I mean, there is talks, as you know, just dour outlook for smartphones with the exception of a few OEMs that are doing well. What's kind of baked into your outlook for specialty glass for the remainder of the year? Because I think you said growth should accelerate from the 9% level that you guys delivered in 1Q.
