Wendell P. Weeks: And so, I think the way to think about it is if you compare it to something like a fiber-to-the-home build, this particular architecture will utilize about two to six times more fiber than a fiber-to-the-home build. That range comes from what exact coverage you want, how exactly different neighborhoods are laid out. So, that's very significant. I think timing on the civil works and the way in which they'll roll out is a question best directed to the customer. But I think you are on, I think, the more significant question which is, is this architecture going to become the dominant architecture as major wireless companies seek to prepare for 5G through 4G densification? If it's the case, that would be a very bullish outlook for our capabilities.
Wendell P. Weeks: So, I think the way you should remember how we work on innovation is – so we've been engaged for a number of years with Verizon on this innovation and strategic deployment, and they just chose to go public recently. But that deep engagement that we have through our Optical Communications market-access platform allows us to get technology insight as well as good insight as to how to plan for our capital allocation. So, although every one of our different forecasts and planning cycles has different probability (37:25), by and large, you should think about this as being included in our $10 billion of investment in growth and sustained leadership. It's possible that things could reflect a little more through a higher demand case than what we're currently planning on. But I think the best way to think about it is probabilistically and that is encaptured within our $10 billion.
Wendell P. Weeks: So, I think that your observation that there is also significant network architecture evolution going on on the enterprise side is quite accurate, Steve. And so, more to come in that space as our customers decide how open they want to be about that. For many of them, they are not subject to the same degree of public filings that the major public carriers are. So, as a result, they tend to keep quite quiet their architectures because it's a – they view it as a key component of competitive advantage in these very large scale data centers, and it is indeed. So – but there is significant change going on there. Once again, it is a change in the direction of our capability set. So, more to come there, though we may not be able to be too public. So, how do we view the demand for our products set? We view capacity to be quite short, and that's why you see the capacity expansion announcement that you have. Because of our superior cost position, we are able to economically expand our capacity where many others have not. And so, this sets up a very interesting strategic dynamic that should play itself out over the next number of years. And our Optical Communications team, I think, is generally on top of it, and will take the appropriate steps to both delight our customers and our shareholders with their set of notes (43:14).
Wendell P. Weeks: So, the way to think about that agreement is that the reason you see two very different numbers, right, is because they are different numbers. You can't take the revenue and divide it into the fiber volume. So, what our agreement with Verizon encompasses at the minimum level includes the full suite of our Optical Communications products set and all of our capabilities. Included in the agreement is the ability for Verizon to call on us for just pure fiber up to 20 million kilometers. The actual low timing and the actual low play (48:35) of which of our products gets deployed in what order, in what manner, is still to be fully determined. And because of the very close relationship, we're able – and our broad capability set – what we're able to offer our customers is the ability for them to know they can get the most critical componentry, but still fulfill their obligations to us across their entire purchase set. So, I think you read in part B of your question is that, if indeed there is that much fiber deployed, that that would represent a very significant revenue of potential for this customer alone, let alone others. I think that observation is analytically correct.
Wendell P. Weeks: So, if indeed the description of the next technological node in wireless is as Verizon just described it to the world, then it is a very, very large opportunity. It still remains to be seen how that particular technology node will be adjudicated over time. We are deeply engaged on this topic, have been for a long time. And we will try to put ourselves in a position where we feel comfortable with some public statements, perhaps a little later on this year, to help you begin to think about this the way we think about it, as technologist (54:20) first, what's right for our customer, and that will give you some ability to think through different demand futures.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yeah. There hasn't been any changes in our hedging levels since the last update. We are still about 70% hedged from 2016 through 2022. You're right, there has been some volatility, and we continue to monitor that and think about – if we want to add anything onto that. But basically, we're in the same place we were before, Wamsi.
Wendell P. Weeks: And on China, it has been relatively widely reported, concerns about a slowdown in China for many of the players. And we still find demand for our product to outpace our ability to serve our Chinese customers.
Wendell P. Weeks: So, with regards to auto, we'll start seeing revenues quickly, already have some, okay? So, the real question isn't will we penetrate that market, that has happened. The real question is, how big does it get? And I don't think we'll have deep insight on that until we get a little further through the relatively long design platform time cycles of the car companies. But there is no question that both our exterior product as well as our interior product is getting very strong pull. The question we've kind of asked is (01:02:03) does it primarily penetrate in the premium segment or does this become an everyday vehicle type of product? We don't have the new deep insight on that question yet, that can sort of only be adjudicated by actual decisions by customers that they then in turn become public about. But we're not only – the reason we're so highly confident about revenues is we're getting them.
Wendell P. Weeks: Thank you to everyone for joining us today. As we've said, we're very pleased with our continued positive momentum. We remain on track to deliver our 2017 objectives, and the overall goals of our Strategy and Capital Allocation Framework. And we really look forward to talking with all of you in June at our Investor Day when we'll have the opportunity to give you a more in-depth update on our progress against the Framework, including a more detailed look at all of our market-access platforms. I do hope you'll take the opportunity to join us in person, so that you'll get the chance to interact with leadership and enjoy our always terrific interactive exhibits. Thank you.
R. Tony Tripeny: Hey, yeah, this is Tony. Why don't I take those two questions? Some of that growth that we experienced in the first quarter, of course, was not repeating the software implementation issue that we had a year ago. But even in spite of that, we were up about 15%, and our guidance for the full year is low teens. So, from our standpoint, that's very good significant growth. It's certainly better than what the industry average is, capital spending in the Optical arena, and it's well on track to get us to the $5 billion of sales which is our objective by 2020. So, I think overall, we feel very good about the Optical growth. In terms of the capacity expansions, I mean the thing to remember the power of our Framework is that that we already have a lot of capacity in Optical Communications. And so, while we are adding some capacity there and it does have a negative impact in us on the short term, it's not significant. And you see it a little bit with slightly lower gross margins as we ramp up some of the production. But it's well within our guidance of 42% to 43% for the year. So, I don't think it's going have a big significant impact.
R. Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint, the adoption of Gorilla Glass 5 has been very rapid and continued to be rapid. And of course, we get a nice both price and share premium from that. It's had a positive impact on our financials the last couple of quarters. And you expect to see that same sort of impact continue the next couple of quarters.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah, I think that the comment that I made there was in respect to the people who are going to be reinvesting in capacity. One of the challenges is the returns that are required from those reinvestments, and so that if you're going to see the necessity of reinvesting capacity, either price declines have to continue to moderate or maybe even go positive. But that wasn't a comment about this year. Relative to this year, we think pricing will be down about 10% or it could be a little bit better than that. Back to Optical Communications, Rod, you have to remember these are big civil works projects that are hard to predict in any given quarter. We don't see anything unusual out there. We think for the full year we'll be up in the low teens, and our actuals in Q1 and our guidance in Q2 reflects that from a full-year standpoint. So, we don't think there's anything to read into that. And then, relative to Specialty Materials, I mean that...
R. Tony Tripeny: No. I think what Wendell said to the earlier question, I mean things are very tight in Optical Communications right now.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah. And so, the first answer to your question is, I think Specialty Materials was actually up 32% year-over-year, and Gorilla Glass was the primary contributor to that. And then, in terms of the adoption rate, I mean it's been very significant. It's been better than what we've seen in other versions of Gorilla Glass that we've introduced, and we feel really good about it.
R. Tony Tripeny: It'd be – it clearly is mix shift to other new glasses, although the vast majority is the traditional LCD glass. I think the reason that we believe in the pricing environment today and what we expect to see on a going forward basis, goes back to the three things that I talked about in the call. First, the current view is that glass supply is tight. We match our supply with demand. And if something were to change, we would change our capacity by reapplying tanks to other applications or by idling tanks. And then, secondly, we've got the competitors that continue to face profitability challenges at their current pricing. And we think they'll continue to – their price declines will slow further as they continue to try to remain profitable. And then, the comment about any other capacity adds that might be made. In order for that to be economically justified, pricing either needs to flatten or even increase. So, when we think about it on those three dimensions, that's why we feel the pricing environment in 2017 will be about 10% on a year-over-year basis, if not better.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. On the overall glass demand, we don't really see any change in what we had originally talked about back in January. We think TVs themselves could be flat and may be up 1%. The growth again is going to be driven by the TV size, with greater than an inch and a half. From an overall glass market standpoint, that should be in the 4% to 6% range, and our volume will be in that same range, in the mid-single digits. So, really no change, I mean – Doug, the thing to always keep in mind is it's only been one quarter and only a couple of months' worth of data. And what really drives a lot of this happens in the back half of the year. So, our outlook is essentially the same. In terms of Specialty Materials, I mean I think it's important to understand that we firmly know that we're going to grow or believe we're going to grow on a year-over-year basis. And we've got a lot of great innovations such as Gorilla Glass 5, and how much that growth is going to be depending on the adoption of those innovations. And we feel good about what happened in Q1, that was very significant growth. We think Q2 growth is going to be in the high-teens. And we just need to see how those innovations continue to roll out and be adopted, keeping in mind that the supply chain there always takes products in advance of product launches. And so, it's hard to just take one quarter and draw a big conclusion from it. We obviously feel great about where we are in Specialty Materials.
R. Tony Tripeny: And Tejas, just one housekeeping item is to keep in mind that revenues for Gorilla Glass 5 for Automotive show up in what we call our Other segment, not in the Specialty Materials segment.
