Tony Tripeny: First on in terms of the price increases, I mean, clearly our priorities over the last year or so with the pandemic is to protect our people and protect our customers. And we have been doing a great job on that, on those priorities. And we saw it in Q3, which is an incredibly challenging environment, but require decisive action and agility, and we had to act quickly, and we've done that. And I'm personally very proud of what -- all the work we've done as a Company and is what you'd expect at Corning. But what tends to happen in this environment is that you see some places where we made improvements on from a cost and freight standpoint and others that have gone up, and all of this comes at a cost. Our goal here is to increase prices across all of our businesses.  We've had about 150 basis points impact for the last several quarters. I'd expect that to continue in the next quarter and then for it to get better over time. But the actual timing and prediction of that, it's just hard to know because there's so many moving pieces. So tried to do Matt, on pricing here is you have a range of what could happen with inflationary pressures, and then we have a range of what could happen with our pricing in each of our different businesses and even in each of our different products. And what we tried to do is capture those within the guidance that we just gave for quarter four. And as we continue to gain experience on both, we would expect to get better and better at being able to narrow those ranges, and improve our ability to give you a good idea on how this will impact your models.
Tony Tripeny: Great. So first in [Indiscernible], that margin drag that you've rightly identified, Steve, that's the inflationary pressures that we have yet to offset with our customers. So, I think you're right on and what we'd like to do is see that drag moderate. And as you know, our Optical businesses big with a lot of customers. So, it's a lot of commercial work to get everything in place. Already began and already gotten rolling in this last quarter, and we will gain and accelerate in quarter 4. So that's what we'll be about in [Indiscernible] and you're looking at the right numbers and that's the numbers you should expect to improve. In display, we expect the price to be consistent with our raised pricing in quarter 3.
Tony Tripeny: And in quarter 2. So, we're following a couple of price raises, and we anticipate our price to be consistent in quarter 4.
Tony Tripeny: I think that's a great question. I need to follow up to see how is Jeep going to do that. I just need to follow up, because right now it's just if like you want a vehicle. You tend to get them highly bundled. But I don't know what the difference is between how they're seeking to optimize their very few chips, and how much is really a long-term approach. Let me follow up on this -- on that and we'll get back to you, John. On windshields, I think, you'll continue to watch this pace.  We've got a number of significant innovations going on to solve the glazing problems that EVs represent and that autonomy represents. It's too early, I think, John, for us to -- for me to say definitively to you that we have this, start building in another large revenue generator for us. But in [Indiscernible] to resolve it, we [Indiscernible] be able to say that within the coming 12 months because they're so -- we're doing so much work in that space. And we're seeing an uptake in a number of places of our laminated product and some other innovations that we have going on. So, the very right to identify just a little early for us to call the ball, John.
Tony Tripeny: So, we're really happy that we are the owners of Hemlock, John. And I think you're one of the few people that we have this fall that really always understood Hemlock in depth and you always wanted us to be the owner of Hemlock. And finally, after all these years, we are. And we're happy to get it. As you know, semiconductor demand is strong. I think the other added revenue source that we're now seeing in Hemlock is in solar, which as you know, we idled a hunk of our capacity in solar as the U.S. supply chain ended up downstream of us, becoming eroded with the intense competitive environment with China.  We are now seeing really strong demand in solar, and we are doing what you would expect us to do, which is if a customer wants us to commit capacity to them in solar, we're putting in place those same type, very strong contractual arrangements to be able to make sure as we turn up some of that capacity that they buy it. And you're going -- you'll see that in our revenues. And so, we feel very good about it, John. We should have listened to you even earlier.
Tony Tripeny: I think that's right. I mean, there are some things like the expedited freight costs, for example, that won't go away. So, as we think about the 150 basis points, as we go through next year, that will certainly help us to some degree against that. You will see those results in the financials. And then from a cash flow standpoint, I mean, all of this is a part of our ongoing cash flow capital spending. It's not part of a build cycle or anything like that. So, I don't think it will really stand out from a cash flow standpoint.
Tony Tripeny: Not much. Because like I said, you're seeing consumer back-off, right? And then we're seeing few which uses a certain type of display which is too deep to go into here. And we're seeing commercial, I mean, big companies with that return to work and those upgrade cycles turn in turn ups. So, I don't view it as a big headwind one way or the other, but like I said, let's talk through the details with you and that way, you can know where our heads at and how that differs from where you see things.
Wendell Weeks: Then in terms of from a balance sheet standpoint, clearly, we have a very strong set of goals from a balance sheet standpoint in an amount of leverage we're comfortable with, and in particular, very long maturities from a leverage standpoint. We do have the longest maturity in the S&P 500. And that overall approach has not really changed, but we're right -- we're still being impacted by what's happening from a global economic standpoint, so we're going to continue to work through where things go. And the good news is that we're generating tremendous amount of free cash flow. And with that free cash flow, that gives us the ability to invest in the business, but also to return cash to shareholders.
Wendell Weeks: Great. It’s a great question, Shannon. I would say if you had asked us when this all began, say in late quarter 2, in quarter 3, like in that time period. We would have said, you know, this is probably transitory and our top priorities are protecting our people and protect our customers, and spend what it takes to make that happen. And we want to keep our customers running like [inaudible 00:50:32], and this too shall pass. And our normal great job that we do, reducing costs will trigger in and we got this.  Actually, it is mainly through conversations with our supply chain head as well as our investors that have led us to look at this and say this may last longer than we had thought. And that this looks like we could continue to have challenged supply chains for the foreseeable future. And what we needed to do was add to our priorities that we also needed to protect our investors and our ability to invest for the future, which in turn allows us to once again protect our people and protect our customers.  And so, as we've looked at it that way, that is what has led us to start to externalize that cost pressure and we began in quarter 3. We've got a lot further to go. So, I think the thing to look at is pretty simply, how do we do get our profitability of working in the way you would expect when we have revenue growth? Because we're expecting to grow no more less as we grow because we actually make things for a living or you would expect our margins to improve. I think that's the key thing that we're looking at as to see that as well as we have detailed plans like by-customer product by-region and all that is getting rolled out. It’s already in motion.
Wendell Weeks: Well, it's a little early to tell to generalize on that. That depends on the customer. We've had some who have said, [Indiscernible], I was expecting this. We have others who say, thank you very much for sharing, but we rather you fixed this on your own. But we'll work our way through it. I think the key to all is to understand about how we are with our customers, is this a very long-term partnership. And we invest for the long term, and we ask for strong commitments from them and they ask for strong commitments from us. But we face that future, all of us are looking at the future when we make these investments in innovation.  And our plans, that is a little uncertain. And so, the way we always try to work through things with our customers is, okay, this is where we're at. This is reality. How do we work through it together in a way that allows you, our customer to continue to succeed and allows us to continue to support that success. And that's the tone and attitude that we bring to it and that our customers engage in that same dialogue. we'll all play out, and I'm so certain that as we work our way through it, we'll reach a fair resolution of what happened. We operate in an inflationary environment at least for a period of time, which neither our customers nor us have had a lot of experience with.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. The way we tend to -- I think you're on one of the real key points. So as Tony said, there are 2 key factors to keep in mind for display, and they really drive display at the demand of the retail level, which we believe will be up single-digits next year, and then glass supply demand balance, which we believe are going to be tight to balance in quarter 4 and throughout 2022. And as a result, we believe the glass environment for pricing is going to continue to be favorable. When we say tight to balance, what we mean is that we're coming out of this time period, I mean, if we're out of it yet, where glass has just been a very tight and we have been extending tanks beyond their planned life.  We've had very high expediting costs and we have delayed technology upgrades really for the last year plus. And so, what our plan is, is to take any opportunity presented by lower panel maker utilization to take targeted tanks down for upgrades while improving service levels with lower expediting costs. Now, the timing for these is slowly within Corning's control. First goal is we plan to meet our customers' demand. We're going to continue to protect our customers and meet the demand that they think they need. But we're also going to get our fleet ready to lower cost and increased quality for years to come. And as a result, that's what we mean by tight to balance. Our customers get what they need, while we get the -- our upgrades done whenever we can. So that's our approach here, and that's how we feel about display. And while we are providing some insight into next year, as well when we normally just would have told you what's going to happen next quarter.
Wendell Weeks: So, what a very big question. Tony, what did you mean? I would've thought it meant in total, but you tell me.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. Wamsi, I need you to -- I need you to help me ask some really interesting question. I took it as total. That's a good question.
Wendell Weeks: That's a great question on PCs and notebooks. As you quite rightly pointed out, our PC makers had a really strong demand during the pandemic. What we're seeing right now, we're hearing from them is that demand is still quite robust, but it's shifting towards commercial rather than consumer demand. And that as a result, those that are really strong in commercial still find things quite tight. And that's how they're seeing that play out. And we'd be happy to sit down with you, Tim, if you want to share how we view total IT demand come in to play and how that plays out in glass, and we'd be happy to do that.
