Jim Flaws: So our US cash which I talked about is 1.4 billion, we have some cash strategies to bring more back to the United States, which we believe it will happen now later on this year. But we haven’t detailed the exact amount yet. 
Jim Flaws: I’ll let Wendell talk about the technical problem of Korean customer and then I’ll take the other one.
Jim Flaws: Also relative to Gorilla, as the business has matured we have experienced more price declines than we did in the first few years. But the ones, and a few one related to ringing up our annual agreements, we don’t expect that to carry over as you indicated in your question. More importantly for us we expect to see a significant volume increase in Q2, that will be both sequentially and year-over-year. Year-over-year we’re beginning to get a benefit and now having to compare it to last year when we were not shipping as much because the supply chain was working off of inventory. Sequentially we get the benefit of both seasonality in Q2, one has always been the lowest for Gorilla, but also, as our customers prepare for new model launches. In this business new model launches have always driven some of the lumpiness, depending on the timing when customers do that. But we’re expecting to see a very good Gorilla growth in Q2 and actually in Q3 and Q4.
Jim Flaws: We’re expecting touch on notebooks to grow this year, it’s obviously a small number but I think the growth of touch on notebooks will be 50% and we’re gaining share in touch on notebooks this year. So that’s important for us. Tablets continue to be an excellent market and obviously tablets are a whole lot bigger than smartphones. So we feel good about both of those.
Jim Flaws: Q1 CapEx is always our lowest quarter seasonally, so you know it annualizes to be 1 billion, our official forecast is 1.5, my guess is it will probably for the year come in slightly under that, but generally Q1 does not represent a full quarter’s worth, it has to do with how capital close at year end. But I think we’re forecasting 1.5 could come in a little under that.
Jim Flaws: It’s in our -- in the base ASI business, it’s relatively typical that I mean if you were not the lead supplier in a given line that what can happen as a customer shifts its process, that they’ll first optimize or whose ever lead on that given line and then the person who is not in the lead on that given line has to play catch up and that’s where we are. So it’s nothing dramatic it’s sort of a pretty typical type of issue in ASI you’re just not used to us talking about it because we’re usually the primary supplier.
Jim Flaws: No, there is no moderation, the 24% that I was talking about is what’s happening going into the finishers, but from our shipments, we’re expecting to be over 30%.
Jim Flaws: Well as you know, our corporate gross margin is obviously the add up of mix of all those businesses. From display assuming that we get back to moderate price declines in the back half of the year which we believe we will, adding into next year also, you’re going to see the benefit of the synergies well primarily in the gross margin with some in OpEx, so that’s good news for displays margins.  In Gorilla as you noted, Gorilla margins are actually higher than the corporate average today. As that business grows, that will help the corporate average. We expect a continued growth in Gorilla, obviously strong this year and again we believe for next year. The good news in environmental right now is that actually gross margins are pretty strong. We’ve done a great job in manufacturing there. We’ve been waiting for a little wind at our back from the heavy duty market which is -- goes towards some fits and starts in the U.S. but now that we have heavy duty showing up in Europe and China with the new regulations, that should be a good contributor to our corporate gross margin.  Telecom is the place where it’s lower and obviously life science is lower. In life sciences we think it will creep up a little within that segment over the next couple of years. And telecom the good news is that even though it’s lower than the corporate average, the fastest selling products fiber-to-the-home and enterprise, actually are higher gross margins within that segment than the overall corporate group. So generally I believe that the corporate gross margin has the ability to go up because every segment has the ability to improve their gross margins. The ultimate number will be depending on the mix of the quarter, but we feel pretty good about it, gross margin outlook, obviously with the biggest watch out is as always is display prices.
Jim Flaws: So, we’re delighted by the contracts, we're entered in them in quarter, I guess quarter four really month of October 2012, our customers renewed them, we believe that they are providing benefit to both us and our customer, for us it’s led to stable share, which is what the contracts would focus on, stable share really helps us, because it allows us to own our manufacturing, very stable and when that occurs, we get good cost performance. What we talked about, which is what shows up when you view the comparison over the last 12 months with a Q1, see in Q1 we had the spike up where we talked about before, where we believe a competitor had to normalize pricing between a customer in Taiwan and what they had elsewhere. And that because of the contracts drilled back on us. But as you can see with our guidance for Q2 that situation is not repeating. So we feel very good about how those contracts have contributed. Relative to our competition, we’ve obviously commented that we believe overtime that the lower margin competitors will drive to lower pricing, but that’s obviously up to them, but we feel good about the contracts overall.
Jim Flaws: Okay, all right, now. We are going to be doing substantial repurchasing on the -- we still have about $600 million left. So obviously that will come out of U.S. cash. We have metrics around cash greater than that, doesn’t have to be as great as $2 billion. I don’t think we’re likely to add to the leverage of the company, but I think the Board has demonstrated they are prepared to commit to shareholder returns to dividends and repurchase, and I’m sure that they will continue to focus on that after the current program ends.  And just one another comment, just want to remind you, we do put numbers on Hemlock in our queue every quarter.
Jim Flaws: So on China fiber, it is on the volume side, it’s basically market driven. Because that market took a step down, we’ve also seen in terms of competitive dynamic a lot more action around price. But from a volume standpoint this is largely a market based pace. As you pointed out, predicting the China markets, it’s a much more a command driven rather than market driven play in telecom CapEx. It’s a little hard to figure out, but as it becomes clearer as we go through the tenders for the year, you know I think our ability to predict is going to increase, all right. 
Jim Flaws: So relative to the panel makers in China, we have a very strong position with one of the large Chinese panel makers, we don’t have much position with the second largest but we think we’re doing quite well with the Chinese panel makers and continue to have discussions with them as they think about new capacity. 
Jim Flaws: So on 2015, we're approaching having it fully hedged, I think we have about 30% at 93 and the remainder probably at 99, and then we have significant portions for 2016 and 2017 now hedged at 99. On the thickness of the glass, you want to comment Wendell, or if you want me to. So we’re continuing to work with customers to build thinner as I’ve mentioned in the past, some customers are on their second or third round of going thinner on glass. In Korea in particular, we have seen our largest customer there who really has not done much at thin, beginning to convert some of their capacity to thin, so we expect to see more capacity additions to our sales benefit and obviously cost reductions as they choose to go thinner. 
Amitabh Passi - UBS: Hi, thank you. Jim, my first question for you is, I think there is a little bit of a confusion and some of us trying to back into what the LCD ASV declines were and I was wondering if you can give us a pro forma sales figure for last year relative to the 1.0 turn on billing you reported this year.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: You’re not. Okay, are you able to give us some sense, I think the expectations maybe about 6% ASP decline sequentially. Are you able to give us any sense of whether it came in slightly higher.
Amitabh Passi - UBS: And then just a quick follow up, on the telecom segment, can you provide any clarity or greater insight in terms of the source of strength, I mean significantly above I think what many were forecasting and you cited strength in North America. Any incremental color would be helpful.
Wendell Weeks: Jim as you note, we were up 26% versus last year, what’s behind that is a strong demand for fiber-to-the-home solutions in North America and EMEA and by continued strong growth in our data center products of course supporting data center builds. Those are the primary drivers. 
Wendell Weeks: All our customers are Tier 1 customers. Yes, we’re positively surprised by both the breadth and depth of fiber-to-the-home demand. It’s nice because Australia has been through some pits and starts and now we’re seeing activity really across the base with major players committing more and more to fiber-to-the-home.
Wendell Weeks: So we had a specific technical issue, one customer began to shift its manufacturing process and it led to an interaction with our product that has led to this delayed volume. We’re addressing the issue, we’re already experiencing increased demand in Q2, we still have some more progress to make, but we’re on it. And we’re making that progress and we feel pretty good, we’ll get this going.
Wendell Weeks: No I think you characterized it well, it’s not an issue. It’s improved a lot, just not as good as we would like and so we’ll continue to try to optimize and do better.
Wendell Weeks: Sure. We’re off to a great start on the integration. But as you would expect, we will be building momentum in the coming quarters. So that will be part of our strengthening of our earnings per share year over year as the year goes on as we gain more and more progress on our integration plans. But we’re delighted with the start, this is going really well.
Wendell Weeks: No, our pricing sequentially were not down double-digits, so for the year-over-year pricing was down double-digits but they were not down sequentially. The weakness in our performance from our perspective, because pricing we had talked about it being -- declines being greater in Q1, a disappointment for us was the volume that we didn’t get due to the technical issue. If we had gotten the volume that we originally expected, we believe we would have seen year-over-year profitability increase in display.
Wendell Weeks: Well, I started the end and then worked my way up. So we would expect that Gorilla price declines to moderate very significantly as we go forward into Q2. Specifically on price, we a had much larger than normal price declines in Q1 and Gorilla due to us wrapping up full year contracts to maintain our market position. And what led to that really is just competitors being more aggressive on price than they have been, they’ve always been pretty aggressive but they found a new level of aggression for this round.  Now what’s important to note is it our significant price premium versus the competition is continuing or actually it’s even increasing, but they just made a big move. So even though our premiums in place, the baseline that it moves from, move downward, we would expect that type of premium for the performance segments anytime you have a product that you care about its performance to continue because we’re going to launch a new Gorilla. The team embedded in our current Gorilla this year. So it feels good about that.  I think the next area of opportunity and challenge is the ultra low performance segments, that we’re seeing now emerge in China, another example is low but not ultra low a touch-on notebook, and for that, what we’re looking to do is create a real soda-lime glass spider that can be really competitive with those offerings for the lower performance segment. More on that as the year goes on because of innovation in market work ahead of us to make that happen as well.
Wendell Weeks: So, Hemlock was in none of our results last year, we included in Q1. If we had had it last year in Q1, it was just a tiny, tiny loss. So it really would have only made the numbers increasing a little slightly greater. But for the year, last year, the only time it had any incremental significance was in Q4 of last year and that’s when the contracts were fulfilled a lot by our customers. So it’s really not a big shift year-over-year.
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think that we could outline that to you we'll have and get that prepared for you if you want.
Wendell Weeks: So, no, actually, NBT though it’s growing fast as Jim pointed out. It’s off a small number. So the primary drivers for us is that main line Gorilla product Gorilla Glass three and hopefully this year a new and improved version. So that will be the lion's share of the growth in those places where you’re used to us being. We’re after some of these lower performance areas not so much about this year in what it can do but because it overtime as touch technology now proliferates every price point, we need to make sure we’ve got the right offering to go after those real-value segments and that’s still a work in process.
Wendell Weeks: I think the way Ray, to think about China, is our position there is superior to our position even in Taiwan, so we really like our hand in China and we have a broad based play really across the industry with leading positions in most of the players, so we feel really good. 
Wendell Weeks: We do have LCD glass players who are China based. We just have a significant IP settlement with one of them, so we would anticipate like you always expect in China to have some local players enter as well, but so far they are struggling as everybody else who’s tried to enter this business struggles.  
Wendell Weeks: Yes, we like thin and we’d like to see it continue and we always do our best to try to enable that because what we -- if you look at us broadly, what we would like to do is use that to continue to drive our costs, lower our customers cost but also open up the opportunity for us to exploit new markets with assets that we’ve created purely through our own productivity, it’s just great for shareholders and great for our ability to develop new markets. 
Wendell Weeks: Sure, so, I wouldn’t count on linearity. There’s -- when you work in through one of these type of issues, then you get this complicated fishbone chart, both our product, what’s going on in their process. So as a result, these things are notoriously difficult to schedule. I think you’re right in that our expectation is that we’re already feeling it come back in Q2 as we speak, but there is always room for the unknown as we work our way through these type of issues.
Wendell Weeks: I feel pretty sure. My ops guys and tech guys, they’re really sharp. I think we’ll get this behind us pretty quickly, so I’m pretty sure.
