Tony Tripeny: I think from an overall standpoint actually, last year China was one region that had strong growth on a year-over-year basis, and that includes in the fourth quarter where there strong sales on things like the singles day on November 11, and also sales starting in the early part of December for the Chinese New Year. I think the important thing to keep in mind when we look at our growth on sales on a year-over-year basis, at glass at retail, what really drives a lot of that growth, of course, is what happens with the screen size. As you saw in the chart that we presented, that’s the biggest single driver of our growth on a year-over-year basis. We think sales are going to be up 2%, TV unit sales on a year-over-year basis. It could be a little bit weaker than that, but we think our range of being up in the high single digits, we feel pretty good about that, and a lot of that actually has to do with the screen size growth.
Tony Tripeny: We would love for you to watch the Summer Olympics in 4K. I think when we look at 4K demand in general, it did increase in ’15 to about 28 million units. We expect it to probably come close to doubling in ’16, that price points are getting closer to 1.5, which we think will increase the adoption from a demand standpoint. But you know, it’s always hard to tell on sporting events. Often it does give us a little bit of a pick-up like before, but from a whole year standpoint, it’s kind of hard to distinguish them.
Tony Tripeny: Okay, well first, starting from a macroeconomic standpoint, we’re not expecting a whole lot of change relative to the macroeconomics in 2016. I think as we look at each of our business units and what’s driving the growth there, a lot of it is continuations of what we have seen in 2015. I mean, the one area that we do think will be down on a year-over-year basis is the one that you mentioned, which is in heavy duty trucks in North America. We expect to see continued weakness in heavy duty trucks in China, and that’s why environmental in total we think will be down in low single digits. From a yen standpoint, actually we’re covered really throughout that--we were covered very significantly in ’16 and ’17, and then as we go out after that, we’re covered at a lower percentage than that, so you are correct on that.  Then Wendell, you want to talk about what’s happening in optical, it’s mostly in North America. 
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I think when you go back and take a look at that chart on the demand that happens from a glass market standpoint and then from the retail market, what happens when panel makers lower their utilization, it gives an opportunity for there to be a significant reduction in inventory. Some of that happened in Q4, and we expect more of that to happen in Q1. Once that happens, then you’re much more aligned with where panel maker utilization will increase their utilization and our glass volume will grow. We do expect that to happen more in the second half, but we do think there will be growth in the second quarter. 
Tony Tripeny: That’s exactly right, and one of the things that happened in the fourth quarter will continue a little bit into Q1, but will certainly be resolved by the end of Q1, are just some production issues that we’ve run into, that we will get ourselves worked through. We’re already well into that, and you’ll start seeing margins improve there.
Tony Tripeny: Sure, so first starting with the Q1, I think there’s two things that are going on in Q1. One is clearly the volume, as we don’t see that launch like we did a year ago, and I think there is lots of people out there in the overall mobile device supply chain that have announced the similar type things, and we’re seeing that in Q1 also. Q1 is where we do some price declines, but that’s--this is not like what you saw in 2013. This is mostly related from a volume standpoint. In terms of what’s going to drive the rest of the year, it’s not about automotive and getting a win there. This is all about consumer electronic devices and, as Wendell said, our ability to add value onto those devices. 
Tony Tripeny: So first on the supply chain, we aren’t going to give the number of weeks - we’ve stopped doing that, but I think it’s safe to say it was very high at the end of the year. It did come down versus Q3, but it still ended up very high and all of our remarks and thoughts about what’s happening in Q1 is definitely based on that. From a screen size standpoint, I think screen size, we think was up about 1.2, 1.3 inches. It was depressed a little bit because there was a big Mexico incentive program, and we expect, as we said, in 2016 for it to be more than an inch and a half. How much more than an inch and a half it is, we don’t know. We’ve certainly done some work and some analysis on that, and if it ends up being more than that, then of course the market will be a little higher.
Wendell Weeks: Sure. I’ll hit on all three of Rod’s questions. First, good to hear from you, Rod. On the macro front, bottom line is we’re planning on not that exciting an economy in this coming year. Where you see us recovering as the year goes on mainly has to do with the supply chain correction in display and some pick-up in some very specific areas where we have very high margin product sets, like in Gorilla and some particular market segments in opto that have less to do with the economy and more to do with just the cycle of product introductions or where they are in their build cycles. But in general, we’re with you - we don’t see that much good news in the economy here in the near term.  On the yen, yes it fades. What Tony and his team have managed to do here is the coverage is still quite high all the way out for a lot of years, so in many ways this has just lopped off the downside risk at the end, and the compliment I would make to him and his team is once we got in place the long-term supply agreements, it gave us confidence we were going to have the end flows. Then we just bided our time and were disciplined, waiting for what we knew there’d be a volatile moment in the markets, the end would strengthen, and then we had in place all the trades that would make it close at a rate that we think is attractive and gives our shareholders a good shot. In opto, actually though opto is really strong throughout the year, we think it can get stronger because we had two areas that are sort of in a low cycle at quarter four and somewhat in quarter one, which is the ultra-data center market. We’re sort in between big builds in fiber-to-the home, right? We’re sort of wrapping up in Australia, we’ve got new ones on board that are going to be coming on stream, so right now opto continues to feel strong mainly because of how superior our product set is and the extent that we’re really beating the competition in all of our core high value-add systems.
Wendell Weeks: I think the way you should think about the way we’re going to price this, is you should think about it sort of in the range of what we sell LCD glass for. So it’s not going to be as profitable as some of our consumer electronics Gorilla stuff is, but it’s still going to be quite profitable as you take a look at our display business. The key thing here isn’t going to be how profitable it’ll be. The key thing is going to here is how successful can we be about turning that market up on its head with our new lightweight solutions. If we can do that and get the volume, we’re all going to love the profitability because we already have the capital in place, really. So the first $400 million of revenue we get in that business is going to be like a free shot on goal, because we’ll be able to create that capacity rather than through capital spending and rather through productivity in our LCD and Gorilla businesses. So the key thing to watch there is, can we get that volume closed, Mehdi.
Wendell Weeks: I think for auto, what we ought to do is reflect a little, and let’s see what we can do to help you in thinking, if you mean for auto. For specialty, I think what we would hope, what we’re trying to get done in Gorilla is we’re introducing ever more advanced product sets in terms of pure glass that sort of our revenue per device will go up, and with that our margin, as well as we’re also going to add some other features to increase our revenue even further, and those may be at a little lower margin. But in auto, I think we owe you--once we get a little bit more momentum going, we owe you how to think about that business. 
Wendell Weeks: So great question, Joseph. We’re hitting on really three things that are in the value prop. The first is lightweight. Now, despite the low gas prices, all of the car companies sort of by ranks have a target for what they have to increase miles per gallon for their fleet, so they are all very interested in lightweighting the vehicle. They have specific numbers in mind that they pay for every pound or kilo that they save, and with us being able to serve greater than 30% of--reduce weight by greater than 30% of glazing at a price point that looks attractive in terms of those weight buys, that gets traction.  But what we’re also able to do is actually increase the safety of the vehicle, because even though we’re going lighter weight, basically what happens is when you have something like a rock strike, it can penetrate the outer layer of the soda lime glass but then it doesn’t penetrate Gorilla. As well to that safety component is what we’ve been able to show is dramatically reduced windshield replacements, is that with something like a sharp rock strike, basically we could save almost half of windshield replacements because, once again, the glass reacts in a much stronger, tougher way, so you don’t end up with those classic cracks that can happen from thermal shock after you’ve had damage introduced to the glass from something sharp, or blunt for that matter. Then finally, it’s the enhanced experience for the driver because here you’re looking at a purely optical piece of glass. We make this on the same asset sets that we make display, so this piece of glass, because it’s thinner, allows you to have HUD displays that are 70% or more bigger and tremendously clearer. One of the things Jeff did out at the Consumer Electronics Show, and you’ll get a chance to see it at our IR day, is take a look at a HUD that we built in conjunction with Conti, who is the biggest HUD manufacturer in the world. What they said was that we had never seen a HUD display like this, it’s incredible far and away. So it’s all those three things. Are we getting pulled? Without a doubt, people are really excited about it. Now, to calm us all down, damn this industry moves slow, so it just is a very conservative industry - for good reason, right? So man, it’s going to take time for us to build, which is why we keep pointing to these proof points along the way. We’ll know where we are long before the volume shows up. That’s probably more than you wanted to know, Joseph. 
Wendell Weeks: I think the two major levers are--you’re on the first one, which you heard Tony talk about, which is about mix. So we make more money when we sell these highly integrated solutions that we’re the only guy in the world that does, so it’s a classic example of capitalism working. For those, we certainly don’t expect there to be less data centers built in the coming year. The main thing that’s happened with the hyper-scale data centers is there was an adjustment from just a couple of key customers that were sort of adjusting their inventory. We expect them to come back online. We’re going to look to expand our presence there, so that’s one way we do it.  The other is more like you say - we’ve got to wait for the right cycles and builds on fiber-to-the-home and how that works. Meanwhile, we’ll do the things we always do on margins - we relentlessly drive our costs down every year, and you can expect that to happen in opto as well. 
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think you’ve got it, Patrick, that it’s going to primarily get driven by major new launches. As those new product sets come out, we see that natural surge up in supply chain at a profitability going to continue to come at us as Gorilla 4 continues to penetrate more. That’s a product that we make more money on than we did on Gorilla 3, and hopefully we can keep that trend going, Patrick.
Wendell Weeks: Yes Patrick, I’d just add to that. Last year, it wasn’t so much that the screen size was dead - it grew, right? And as Tony said, the Mexican subsidy was about specifically 24-inch TVs or something like that, some ridiculously small TV. But what happened and the dynamic was the units went down, and that is, I think, the key that is different between this coming year and last year. So we expect units to sort of pop back, as well as little bit more oomph coming out of screen size.  You know, it’s debatable, it’s hard to see for sure into the future, but every other time we’ve seen a little dip like this, a compression in television demand, the year after usually bounces back a lot stronger than what we’re guiding at. Right now, there’s a lot of other qualitative factors we can add up, but hey, it’s a legitimate question, Patrick.
Wendell Weeks: Not yet. Not yet. That’s a good question for Mr. Clapton when he shows up at our IR meeting, but not yet. We’ve certainly got a number of folks talking to us about it. It’s certainly something that we can do, but we haven’t seen the big shift start as of yet.
Wendell Weeks: That is a really clever, insightful question, very clever. So we’ve seen something a little different in the supply chain in 2015 than we have in other years. Typically the panel makers have gotten-well, not typically, but the panel makers have gotten a lot sharper. When panel prices are falling and they start to approach sort of their cash cost, they have been not keeping any inventory and they have been rapidly adjusting their utilization. We saw that from most of the highly established developed panel makers. We saw less of a reaction out of the major Chinese panel makers, some of whom are really big customers, who continued to run their panel fabs probably longer than they should have. We’ve seen a build-up of some very small size TVs in that set; however we’re seeing them adjust now.  But that’s a very clever question. It’s something we’re going to have to keep an eye on to get an understanding of will the emergence of these strong Chinese players mean that the supply chain is going to run a little fatter than it used to, or is it just a matter of where they are in their own cycle of learning? We need a little more data to know.
