Tony Tripeny: Sure, Wamsi. I think the big change statement here is that we had expected gross margin to go to 41% to 42% in the back-half. And now we’re looking at it to be slightly better than the first half. And it’s really there are two drivers on this. I mean, the first is what’s happening in the Optical Communications sales. This is all driven in the carrier market, where we’ve gone from low teens sales at the beginning of the year to low- to mid-single-digits. There is incremental profitability on these sales are high, given that we have all the fixed cost infrastructure in place. So we see margin compression for COC in the company as those sales don’t occur. And then the second area is the higher-than-expected cost in Display. And that is really driving – is really being driven by, as we bring up our new technology and ramping volume and improving our cost in Gen 10.5, it’s just not happening as quickly as we expected. So that is the big change statement over what we had expected a quarter ago. In terms of operating margin, we did expand operating margin in the first half of the year versus last year. And we expect to expand operating margin in the second half of the year. And so, from our standpoint, as we’ve discussed, that’s the most important of the metrics, because of the operating leverage that we get as we grow sales.
Tony Tripeny: So, Mehdi, I mean, keep in mind that the normal operating cash flow pattern for us is to generate most of our operating cash flow in the back-half. And that is, because in the first half, we have working capital growth to support our increased sales. And we also have some significant annual payments that occur in the first half related to compensation, tax payments and legal settlements. And that’s exactly what’s happened this year. I mean, our operating cash flow for the first half is about $150 million. And included in that is the build and working capital of about $500 million. Now, that’s a couple of hundred million dollars maybe more than what you would normally expect, which is mostly in inventory. And the reason for that is that we have significant new products like GPF, Gen 10.5, some of our new innovations in Specialty Materials. It’s also a little bit higher than you’d expect, because we thought at the beginning of the year Optical Communications would be a little bit stronger in terms of sales. And now it’s a little bit less than that. But we expect that inventory to correct itself in the second half. And we expect just like in most years or in all years, will generate more operating cash flow in the back-half. So I think we’re confident that we will end up with free cash flow for the year. And this is just the normal cycle that we have.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, Steve. Yeah, I would just add in terms of the TV market, sell-through is actually tracking slightly ahead of our expectations through April. As you know, it takes a couple of months for all the data to come in, but the most important piece of that is what’s happening on large-size TVs. Sell-through for 65-inch TVs have grown almost 40% and for 75-inch TVs they’ve grown almost 60%. And of course, that’s the TVs that are really are optimized in the Gen 10.5 and it’s really what is driving these Gen 10.5 investments, where we have ended up going to have three out of the four announced Gen 10.5 factories. So we feel really good about that. And so from an overall standpoint, while there’s some of – a little bit of a panel maker utilization slowdown in the third quarter. We expect for the full year our volume to be up high-single-digits well ahead of the market because of Gen 10.5.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. Let me first take the pricing one, as Wendell said, this clearly is across the market including below Gen 10.5 and particularly below Gen 10.5. And I think the reasons are pretty straightforward, I mean, first, we expect glass supply demand to continue to be balanced and even tight. Second, our competitors continue to face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. And third, our display glass manufacturing requires periodic investments to maintain operations, and so absolute glass pricing must support acceptable returns on those investments. So that’s consistent what we’ve been saying for a number of years and we continue to see improvement in the pricing environment. And as Wendell said, we’re very thrilled by the pricing environment, what happened in Q2 and the continuation into Q3.
Tony Tripeny: And then, Rod, in terms of the operating cash flow, the comparison on the other, I think, last year we had a couple of payments that occurred in the first quarter that were nonrecurring – a couple of receipts that occurred in the first quarter that were nonrecurring, some of them related to the incentives in the factories that we’ve been building and others related to the indemnification asset with our CPM transaction of a number of years ago. And so that’s the reason why it’s a different number this year than last year.
Tony Tripeny: So let me talk about our gross margin, clearly, what’s most important to us in the way that we really think about our profitability is what’s happening on the operating margin line. Our operating margin is being compressed and our gross margin is being compressed, primarily – compared to what we thought at the beginning of the year, and what’s happening on optical communication sales, and what’s happening in cost in our display business. So as those things change then of course we’d expect that continued for improvement there. But from an overall standpoint, what we’re really measuring and what we’re really driving for is improvement in operating margin. And in the first half of this year, our operating margin actually expanded by 80 basis points and we expect that to continue in the second half of the year. And the other thing, of course is, what’s very important to us is return on invested capital, over the last four years we’ve improved our return on invested capital by 300 basis points and over the next four years we expect to continue to expand that is our profitability improves, and we get the returns on the investments we’ve been making.
Tony Tripeny: I mean – I think that what’s important there, I mean, we don’t disclose market share numbers and what’s important there is that in a market, where the growth is really occurring, because of large-size TVs, where the both in 65 and 75 inch TVs are much larger growth this year. That gets supplied by Gen 10.5 and we have three of the four projected announced Gen 10.5 factories.
Wendell Weeks: No, it’s really so customer specific and announcement specific that it’s hard to like name an exact time period. We had thought, coming into the year, there was going to be at least one other major player that came on strong, on the 5G densification piece. They altered their business model slightly and changed their timing slightly. So I think that, what we’re trying to do is be right on the architecture and the long-term demand cycle, and then be able to support our customers as they gear up. The good news here is this isn’t going to be subtle, as our customers announce and decide they’re going to roll. And how they’re going to roll in 5G, they’ll talk about it. All the different cities that they are going to go to, we’ll talk about it. And in a way, you’ll see the normal cycle of the announcement piece getting a little bit ahead of demand, and then demand will follow, and will have a hard time keeping up.
Wendell Weeks: So, Tony, will make some comments on how – the relative strength of the large sized TV market in a moment, which I think a really interesting data point. But at the core of what’s happening to us from Gen 10.5, it’s not really a ramp issue of significance, right? You have the normal sort of how high our customer utilization is at a given month. But what’s really driving our dynamics is we’re meeting all those requirements and we’re really bullish on Gen 10.5’s ability to be the powerhouse of large size TVs. All that’s happening to us is how quickly our yields are improving. That’s all that’s going on here, right? So there’s nothing deep. This is just a matter of us making our technology yield at the rate at which we would like it yield to be able to put more profit in the hands of our shareholders. So Tony, maybe you want to talk about television.
Wendell Weeks: So our pricing trends. Yes, it’s very strong, right. We feel really good about that. And then what you will see from us is that will continue to account for our increasing yield and productivity out of our technologies by adjusting the overall capacity and roots that we have to support it. So that’s really the dynamic more than anything else, we feel really good about the market, we feel really good about price, right. And we feel really good about our ability to service our increasing share of that market with our technology. And we’ll just adjust by taking sort of the older generations of tech offline or repurposing it for other markets. So that long-term trends you’re on, Steve, I think is just continues. And all we got to do is get our yields up a little faster, and then that would match beautifully to our plan.
Wendell Weeks: So I think on – let’s do the value chain first, and then I’ll try to tie in the other piece. So for us, it’s a little like the walk through that I just did on optical. We’ve got two levels that we try to align. The first is the long-term technology substitution curves for our innovations. And as you remember from the Investor Day, the core of our growth story is a content story, which is what we expect over the coming four years is more and more of our innovations to be adopted into the products that people buy. And then that is our primary growth driver as opposed to how much of everything everybody buys or what type of economy do, we face. We continue to get nothing, but positive signals on those items whether it’s an optical or in the areas that you just named, automotive. So here we are in a time period when you see declining forecasts of overall automotive sales and production, but we’re projecting growth in the teens, because of more and more of our content. Similar things we would expect to happen in the Valor story. We once again tend to have confirmatory evidence that we’re on the right side of that substitution curve. Optical, very much the same as you heard in my answer. And in Specialty Materials, our Mobile Consumer Electronics business, also much the same. So that’s the first level, we feel pretty good about that. The next then comes to how does the timing of that substitution curve play out and how does that interact with overall demand for our customers. Now that you can get a little more noise in, in the near-term, and we’re certainly experiencing some of that. So then we have folks like Jeff Evenson, who’s here in the row as well as pretty significant analytical groups to try to start right at the end market and then work the way – all the way back to the value chain and build models and the right analytic tools to keep track of it. We don’t always get it exactly right, but we feel pretty good that we are able to track record demand signals through the system.
Wendell Weeks: This is Wendell. So, yeah, clearly, we are seeing that in China as one of the key parts of the carrier market that had a strong downward revision this year, especially the delay in China Mobile tender, right. And so that led to sort of a buildup in China that expressed itself in terms of pricing largely in China. We’re also seeing some knock-on effects in India and Southeast Asia, primarily. And we’ve incorporated all that into our outlook for our Optical Communications business.
Wendell Weeks: In my opening remarks, this is really a great question – in my opening remarks, you heard me make an allusion to that we’ll be introducing some new products in the second half related to this densification approach. What those new products represent is ways for us to bring the full suite of our technical capabilities to bear in wireless. What our plans would be is for the 5G opportunity to have our full suite of products involved in it or our whole suite of innovations, and therefore, that its relative profitability should be consistent with that which you’ve grown to expect in optical communications.
Wendell Weeks: That’s a little mysterious. And the reason it is, is I don’t want to steal my operator’s thunder when they launch their new product set.
Wendell Weeks: So you had a number of observations. Let’s just compact two key ones. So first, I think you’re quite wisely pointing out that, once again seeing some regional shift in the display market. We have followed it from Japan to Korea to Taiwan and out of China. What we try to do with each of those moves is enhance our position in each new region and we have done that again here. So we are very well positioned for the direction with which we see panel production shifting. So that’s the first strategic level. Now, embedded in there, of course, I think you’re making a wise comment, which is then what happens to the sort of panel production capability, glass production capability, in the regions that will be relatively weaker, relative to China? So in that, you’re seeing a combination of things happen. First, is shifts to newer and more advanced display technologies, right, which we’re supporting with newer and more advanced glass types. Second, you’re seeing optimization of our network of supply, of glass, and you can expect to see us to continue to optimize that to always make use of the capital that we have in place, to serve our number of growing different glass markets. So we will expect us to continue to optimize our cost structure, optimize our glass supply, and then support our customers in those previous regions, so that innovation aspirations and their market diversification. Like, for instance, in Taiwan, we’re seeing a nice buildup of capabilities to address in the automotive industry, which are going very nicely with our automotive glass opportunity sets. So that’s the way we’re going to work through it all. Now, I can’t pass this answer to your question without noting that you said pricing continue to be flat in Display. We are not saying that yet, for a long term. What we’re just saying is we expect the rate of decline to continue to improve and for our glass returns to stabilize. We’re not predicting that glass prices remain flat for the foreseeable future.
Wendell Weeks: Hey, I’d say once again here, I’ll divide it into 2 layers. First, architecturally, each passing month in piece – a new piece of technical work and interactions with our customers, are making us more confident that that point of view we presented at our IR Day is accurate. So we see growing adoption of glass in the glassification of the cloud continuing and becoming even more dense. So we feel really good about that. Exact timing for cloud and hyperscale, we’re not seeing any real fundamental shifts there in terms of the total market. And you can get different time periods, where they can’t quite get these large facilities up quite as fast as what they may have planned at the beginning of the year. But we’re not seeing any sort of fundamental shift, that’s saying we don’t expect hyperscale and the cloud to continue to be a real growth driver for us, both this year and beyond.
