Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jerome, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's year end 2017 conference call. With me today is Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Evenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Because of a family emergency, Tony Tripeny, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer is not on the line today, but he looks forward to talking with investors throughout the quarter and we’re sending his family our regards. So, joining us today are Ed Schlesinger, Vice President and Corporate Controller and Stephan Becker, Vice President and Operations Controller. I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company's financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast, and we encourage you to follow along. They'll also be available on our website for downloading. Now I'll turn the call over to Wendell.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Jeff. John, we can open the line for questions. We have live in the queue today so we’re hoping that you can keep one question for everybody.
Ann Nicholson: Great, alright thank you all for joining us today. before we closed, I just wanted to remind you that we will issue an 8-K today within our core data recap again a 107 and a one at 1175. We'll be attending the Goldman Sachs conference on February 13th and we'll be planning to attend at least one conference at Corning for this quarter for the rest of the year. We'll also be providing some virtual presentations and webcasts on business topics throughout the year.  Finally, there will be a web replay of today's call on our website starting later this morning and a telephone replay available for the next two weeks with details in today's news release. Once again thank you all for joining us. John that concludes our call, please disconnect all lines.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks George. We are not giving exact guidance on how much capacity we’re adding for obvious competitive reason. We launched on this latest round of the capacity expansion really anchored by the Verizon announcement in their commitment to $1 billion over the next few years. that together with a few other building blocks of key customer committed demand had us really try to expand our capacity footprint across all those products that we’ll be acquiring.  What you can fix that on timing where you heard from Jeff is that investment in capacity is a bit of a drag on our profitability in the back half of 2017 and the first half of 2018 and you are going to feel those plants ramp up and increasing utilization in the back half of 2018. So, the return from the drag to being a real force for positive momentum in the back half.
Wendell Weeks: So, I think, you’ve got it -- I think your observation on what’s happened in the past and your projection of what’s in the future is directionally correct. Our other market-access platforms are going to grow faster and our display market-access platform and therefore it will become a smaller part of our overall corporate mix.
Wendell Weeks: No. There is only so much guidance we really want to give and project mainly because, we don’t want to -- everything has a higher compatibility set to it. But I think in general on track with it, which you heard from Jeff was it is expect an $11 billion of revenue this year. With the bulk of that revenue growth coming from other segments other than display. I think that type of numbers that you saw, that you can interpolate from there and what you saw for 2017, I think directionally, that’s the way to think about it going forward, there is very strong growth for the company overall with display being stable. Certainly, with the pricing dialogue you heard from Jeff, there is a possibility that display as a segment begins to gross up, but still, it will be at a lower rate than the rest of the company I believe.
Wendell Weeks: And on auto Steve, did I hear your question right how we're feeling about the ramp and the mix between glazing exterior versus interiors.
Wendell Weeks: The majority of the platform wins that we have right now are on the interior. But one of the reasons for that is people refresh interiors and adopt new design in interiors much more rapidly than they refresh the exterior of a car platform. So, the majority of those are in interiors. I think that when we think through the revenue opportunity we don't see a lot of difference between the revenue opportunity in interiors and exteriors. Even though the glass area is quite higher in exterior the relatively higher value that we had in interior with special optical surfaces to create a particular viewing experience means that that's quite a high revenue realization business for us. So, I would say determining between the two probably isn't as important as the overall rate of adoption as we try to drive this business to another $1 billion sort of revenue generator for Corning over time.
Wendell Weeks: We'll start shipping commercially for those products late this year, right we'll begin. But you won't start to see a significant ramp till starting in 2019 and beyond you should look for when we start to put in some high-volume manufacturing for the part finishing and optical treatment should give you some more evidence and you should hear about that sometime this year Steve.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for your questions Wamsi. First one on pricing, so let's make sure we're talking about the right terms. There's no sequential price decline in Quarter 4 and Quarter 1 for instance and then there's year over year declines Quarter 1 this year versus Quarter 1 last year. What you heard from Jeff was that we're talking now about the really important milestone of towards the back half of this year. We expect the year-over-year decline to be a mid-single digit. That’s a very significant milestone.  The sequential declines are there have been a low single digit and continue to be. We’re seeing improvement in this Q1 decline versus Q1 of last year and of course we are going to continue to see improvement in the sequential declines to be able to reach much lower year-over-year decline rate, but that little shift in terms can be a misunderstanding. I think the key granule we see the rate of price decline improving for us and we would expect to see that especially in the back half of the year that we had additives for it already in Q1 and anticipate it as well in Q2.
Wendell Weeks: An excellent question, Vijay. I think your assessment of the difference between 5G wireless technology in previous generations is accurate and that wireless now becomes a very optically rich offering as people move towards dense 4G and 5G.  As far as expanding outside of optical, mainly our focus will be on those things that are fully integrated into our passive optical system where we can uniquely be able to package and/or facilitate the implementation of wireless for our customers, we would augment our offering. But that is a dialogue which we’re involved with deeply with our key customers and is really quite straightforward, it becomes do you want to view this or do you want to source it and what is the least expensive way to build out this infrastructure. So, depending on how those dialogues go in a more the value could shifted beyond the optical, but I think it’s too soon yet to conclude where those dialogues end Vijay.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. Excellent question Vijay. As you would have heard from Jeff is, we had from our investments in optical, a bit of a drag in the back half of 2017 and we had a bit of a drag here in the first quarter of 2018. We would expect as those facilities will ramp, that drag will disappear and then turn into strong positive. As you know having visited our Optical Communications plants, our fixed costs in those facilities is high. So, our variable margins are also quite high. So, as we feel that up, you can expect to see it have a pretty potent effect on our gross margins. 
Wendell Weeks: So, in general what drives our demand is going to be footprint by neighborhood or by city. It is putting the [I in telecom] [ph] it is putting in place the regional infrastructure that we're going to service. As always when you put in something like [indiscernible] the capability of the fiber is always well in excess of what you're driving it at. And so quite often what you'll see is our demand comes when we basically due to home passes and then ultimately the home drops and then it’s always the telecom company can turn up the rate and turn up the service level with pretty simple upgrades in the [indiscernible] system inside sort of a level of itself. So, this is atypical and we don’t see it as impacting us frankly one way or the other, even negatively or positively other than to the extent that the degree with which auto customers serve their customers better, that net long-term turned in to more demand for us.
Wendell Weeks: So, let’s start with your first question. The segment was sort of accounting method. Right now, we account for auto in glass area inside other, right. Ultimately, I don’t agree determine where we live is a segment, but it links more closely with our automotive market access platform than it does on mobile consumer electronics platform.  That being said because what you really care about is, does it generate revenue or not. I think 2019 will be the year if everything goes well that we will start to feel it in automotive. We’re a big company and this is just the beginning of this so it’s not going to be a life changing field in 2019.  But we will expect it to be really start to build its momentum in 2019 and then start to really contribute much more in the next decade. So, in the near term, what drives us in specialty is the adoption of our new innovations by more and more of the OEMs and we expect specialty to grow this year in mobile consumer and electronics and rate of growth will depend on how quickly people adopt our innovation sets.  In Iris, it’s still too early to tell. I think it’s very encouraging that two major players in monitors; Dell and Lenovo have adopted the Iris technology for the top of their line. I think we need to see they become a lot mainstream before that turns some of the investment area into a margin producer.
Wendell Weeks: How can we tell our competitors are looking at it? So, let me share instead how we think about it. Starting back a number of years ago as we evaluated OLED versus LCD technology. We determine that OLED probably will be most successful in the flexible small mobile area. Because the opportunity need performance advantage is that we’re highly value. So therefore, that’s where we focused a lot of our innovation effort and our share and that business is impressively high. So, to the extent that devices go into OLED mobile consumer electronics as opposed to LCD, that is revenue enhancer for us.  Now to small revenue enhancer, because in glass, the area of the device matters and so overall mobile is relatively small percent of the overall glass demand. What we felt then and we continue to feel is that all OLED for TV can become a player, but a small player that fundamentally it doesn’t offer enough value validate to the cost will create versus the continually improving LCD technologies like you just saw recently at CES with some of the big quantum dot technologies. That being said, we have a strong position as well. Anytime, anybody wants to use the glass. So, I don’t have great insight into how do our competitors feel about it. But I really like our position.
Jeff Evenson: Steve, when we open any new plant, the staffing and fixed costs tend to ramp earlier than the production. We had to commit demand for these plans and as we move to higher utilization rates due to volume increases and meeting this committed demand, we would expect our gross margins to improve throughout the year with especially strong growth in the second half. 
Jeff Evenson: With respect to hedging, we are probably giving a three-year core rate to be effective, it’s a good window to buy certainty for our cash flows and earnings. It allows us to execute in a focused way our strategy of capital allocation framework and deliver all the goals consistent with our financial policies. We do have hedges in place for the next three-year period, but at lower coverage than the 90% we have through the 2020. So, we’ll give you more details on how we expect our core rates evolve as we get closer to that 10-year period.
Jeff Evenson: At our new core rates of 107 yen per dollar and 1,175 Korean won per dollar, the 2017 gross margin was 41.3%. We expect to be about it at this year. First quarter we're going to be at 40% in the back half of the year for Quarter 3 and Quarter 4 we expect to be above 42%. The two primary drivers of that are that our new factories will act as the startup stage as we ramp to meet the committed demand and then the second factor is we're taking advantage of the seasonally lighter demand and display to upgrade our display tanks with the latest technology and that will also have a strong benefit in the back half of the year.
Jeff Evenson: We think that the supply chain inventory in actually 2017 had a healthy level and we think it will be healthy throughout 2018 as we see growth at the retail level. In terms of impact on us, we think that the glass market volume is going to be up mid-single digits and we believe that our pricing can reach mid-single digit year over year decline. We think that pricing is going to be driven by three things, the supply demand balance, competitive profitability of glass makers and also the need for attractive returns on ongoing investments. If you look over the last three years correlation between tail [ph] makers performance and glass pricing has been very low. So, we feel pretty confident on our guidance.
Jeff Evenson: Sure. We expect screen size to be the primary driver of growth this year. And in terms of our growth BOE is ramping our Gen 10.5 facility, we’re ramping our glass in tandem. So, we expect stability in other areas and that to be a little add for us, but that’s all the guidance we are looking at this time. 
