Wendell P. Weeks: Thanks, Ann. Good morning, everyone. At our Investor Day in February, we explained to investors why we believe Corning is a strong investment. We highlighted growth in our existing businesses, our expectations for solid cash generation and a rich R&D portfolio with the potential to create entirely new businesses. We reminded investors of our goal to return to earnings growth. We outlined the progress we made in 2012, and we noted that our fourth quarter results provided evidence that our strategy was working. I am very pleased to say that we started off 2013 with a strong quarter, exceeding analyst consensus. Our first quarter core earnings per diluted share were up 15% year-over-year and up double digits year-over-year for the second quarter in a row. You may recall that early in 2012 we identified 2 priorities for returning to earnings growth: reestablish positive momentum in display and grow our other businesses. In display, our number one priority was to moderate LCD glass price declines. As expected, quarter 1 2013 price declines for LCD glass were more moderate sequentially, and we expect price decline to moderate further in quarter 2. Going forward, we believe price declines will continue to be moderate as a result of the customer agreements we entered into last year, as well as the weakening yen. This improved price outlook, the stabilization of our share and new product introductions are creating positive momentum again for display. Now for the second priority; to grow our other businesses. We believe that we are on the right track here too. Our other businesses had solid operational results, combining to contribute 70% higher net income on a year-over-year basis. Jim will give you more color on our financial results, but I just want to summarize by saying that the combination of moderating LCD glass price declines, improved operational performance and 2 consecutive quarters of double-digit year-over-year earnings per share growth demonstrate that Corning has begun the march up in earnings. I would also like to take a moment to talk about our other announcement this morning. We previously told investors that we were entering a period where our strong operating cash flow and lower capital spending would allow us to devote more cash to shareholder returns. We are delivering on this commitment with a new $2 billion share repurchase. This comes on top of the $1.5 billion buyback that we completed in the fourth quarter of 2012. This reflects our belief that the company is undervalued at the current stock price. We are also increasing the quarterly dividend to $0.10 per quarter. This 11% increase means that we have doubled our dividend level in the last 18 months. Finally, I would like to comment on the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate, which affects the translation of our display and specialty segments results. We moved decisively in the first quarter to hedge Corning's exposure to changes in the yen exchange rate. Investors should be aware that Corning's risk exposure to changes in the yen to U.S. dollar exchange rate is capped at 93. And now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Wendell P. Weeks: Sure, Jim. Basically, things look relatively in balance right now. It's just that simple. There's, of course, going forward, there's always dynamics on both the supply and demand side, but our opinion right now is things look relatively in balance, which helps in addition to our contracts that we've entered into and the weakening yen with our view of a relatively more benign price environment.
Wendell P. Weeks: To add to it, I would agree with James' statements. When we told you at the beginning of the year that our time and attention was going to the yen and making sure that we would be taking the appropriate action, we look both at commercial changes, like shifting to the dollar in the near term, as well as doing what we did in the hedge. What we did is cover this next 2 years. It would give us time to figure out what the appropriate commercial change is, as well as opportunities to reach very considered opinions on how we should handle the yen going forward.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, clearly, what we're seeking to accomplish is just that or we really control are our actions. And what we've done with the series of agreements we put in place is to stabilize our share, to develop a fixed relationship between our price and market price, which should make for economic decision-making by all the players involved. We're encouraged by the progress that we've made in quarter 1, as well as quarter 2. Only time will tell how this all turns out, but we're encouraged.
Wendell P. Weeks: Clearly, getting another quarter under our belt with this continued moderation, we feel even better. But at the core of it, pricing and pricing strategy is always going to be important in this business. So we think we can reduce the volatility, and we're making some progress toward just that, but it will continue to take a good amount of time and attention.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yes, we're pretty happy with our asset platform in China as well. It's all been previously announced what we're doing. The productivity there looks really good.
Wendell P. Weeks: Definitely, and I'll add quick -- briefly to Jim's previous comment. So I think your question was right on, on are these results clean? And given our move to core earnings, it's great question and they are. It's one of the reasons we're doing it this quarter, and to try to match going forward, the economic reality of being hedged out at JPY 93 ought to be able to help us and help you all be able to get a nice, clean forward-looking forecast as well. So now on to that forecast in sequentials; in telecom, we would expect the sequential ups to be driven by a season output; normal, it's a little bit above normal seasonality increases out of China especially, as well as some uptick in our enterprise business. In specialty and in Gorilla, we'll see that uptick be linked more to new product launches, and we'd expect that to ramp through the year. For example, something like the Galaxy S4, which is just going to start really ramping up their supply chain in quarter 2 with Gorilla Glass 3.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yes. So I think the core answer to your question is no difference. That's one of the reasons we wanted to do it this quarter. Core earnings are about going forward on the volatility standpoint and to be able to link to our actual hedge.
Wendell P. Weeks: Based on the high side, are healthy. But to your point, it's -- we'd like to see the May sales in China, and then it could be that we're underestimating where the market is going to be.
Wendell P. Weeks: I don't think they're in excess. We'd say they're just on the high side of healthy, right? And I think what it really comes down to is how big a sales cycle do they see, especially in China as the retailers get ready for the May day sales.
Wendell P. Weeks: So overlaying the GDP pieces in those factors, you also have just sort of the supply-demand cycles that you get in silicones over time, and feel like it bottomed out last year, and it's starting its lock-up as an industry as they get better and better balance between demand and supply.
Wendell P. Weeks: It's hard to tell at this point in time, I'd say. But boy, it would really be good if you were right.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, what -- economically, you would believe if there were macroeconomic [ph] decision-makers is that it ought to have a very moderating effect on pricing because customers are getting the benefits from that and actually, the weakening yen hurts their financials because of the way their cost structures are built and the way their P&L works. So that ought to give strong motivation to them to be more moderate in their pricing behavior, if indeed they're macroeconomic [ph] decision-makers.
James B. Flaws: I'd like to add on to that if I could, and that is I think that the market is in balance partially because of the discipline that Corning Incorporated is doing and some of the other manufacturers are. As you know, we continue to keep capacity offline in Korea, and we will do that to make sure that we stay in balance.
James B. Flaws: So NEG has capacity coming online. They've announced that they're building a tank in Korea, and I believe their expectations are that for the back half of the year. They have said in the original announcement that they will be shutting down capacity in Japan when that occurs, and we're taking that as their stated announcement. Their second tank is not until sometime late next year per their statements. LG Chem has 1 tank running, and it's actually been running almost 2 years now. And the second tank, as far as our surveillance says, consists of only a few steel pilings in the ground, but we are not feeling LG Chem is a significant supplier in the industry.
James B. Flaws: Well, you have no further impact. I mean, that amount between JPY 93 and JPY 87, you would see that impact of about -- I think it's about $5 million per yen on an annualized basis. So you could calculate that between JPY 93 and JPY 87 if you want, but we're reporting basically at JPY 93.
James B. Flaws: So it clearly is a possibility, as we talked about in our IR Day in February, that we could convert over to U.S. dollar pricing. And clearly, it could occur during this 2-year hedge period of time. It's obviously a complex shift because you have to figure out what rate you're going to do it at, and you've got to get your customers to agree, and of course, we also have to think about what our competition will do. But I didn't mean to imply anything with my inflection, but clearly, I will state to you that the possibility of us going to U.S. dollar pricing for our display business is very real.
James B. Flaws: No, I don't think in 2014 you should expect to see much change in the company's capital spending for our glass business. We're really at what we would call more of a maintenance level in the display area now. And because of the result we've seen, we think we're in good shape there, and we feel that we can regionally supply very effectively between Taiwan, Japan and Korea, and so we don't feel that the fact that China is growing very rapidly causes us problem. I mean, we've been shipping glass to China for a long time. So capital spending, you should feel pretty good about the $1.3 billion this year. And right now is, as I think we've told you, we think it's $1.3 billion again next year, and display is not a big good portion of that. It really is driven by some spending in our other business, including environmental.
James B. Flaws: We don't have a need to repatriate the cash. We are not changing our assertion that it's permanently invested during the timeframe that we're talking about.
James B. Flaws: On the latter, I think it was $5 million. So Hemlock was not a significant exclusion, and no, it's not an admission. It really was our choice on taking Hemlock out. I really feel it's got -- it's so much influenced by what's happening on the trade war between China, the United States and Europe, that you really run the risk of the results being affected by that rather than really what we focus on, which is making and selling product. We do not have a ruling for MOFCOM. They delayed it. Again, we now think it's going to be in June. We don't know what it's going to be so we're not predicting that, but we just decided it would be easier for you to not have the potential swings in Hemlock in our results, but in quarter 1, it was a very tiny amount. I think some of the SG&A gain is sustainable from quarter 1, but not all of it.
James B. Flaws: Yes, we're expecting it to improve again in quarter 2. Silicone does go through a cycle. The cycle is driven somewhat by capacity adds in the industry. Dow Corning did that, as well as some of our competition. There has been raw material pressure but -- so 2012 probably was a low point if you look at silicone margins. And we think we're still getting as the industry grows in some of that new capacity and with moderation in some raw material pricing, we think that we're starting to move up on the margin cycle, and so we're expecting improvement in silicones in quarter 2. And as of now, I have no reason to not expect the back half of the year to be good year-over-year also.
James B. Flaws: Well, the yen, there really is no change. I mean, because the yen was PJPY 93, and so there really was no impact and the cost of the hedge for the quarter after tax was a very small amount.
James B. Flaws: What goes into that view is our reflection on the fact that inventories grew again in quarter 1 and are likely to grow a little in quarter 2, and we think that level will temper a little the potential volume that the panel makers will take. We recognize we could be wrong in that. And I would say if we had to say where the error would come, it might be stronger. Clearly, the demand right now from our panel maker customers is quite strong. We're actually air shipping in order to meet their demand. So it could be that it is -- that we'll actually see it go up. It's just that our caution is we measure the amount of inventory in the supply chain north of where the panel makers are as we're worried that it is -- it's built up quite a bit, and therefore, that's what led us to our flat guidance.
James B. Flaws: I just want to make sure you understand that the inventories we're talking about are not at the panel makers. So it is our estimation of what exists at a set assembly in a retail, and the panel makers are continuing to run strong. In order to keep up with them, we're doing some air shipping, which, regretfully, is costing us a little bit in gross margin. But if China, the May holidays perform as well as what we saw in the New Year's holidays, we could be surprised on the upside and do a little bit better what our guidance has been.
James B. Flaws: Well, on the pension, it basically was $0.01, and it's in both this year and last year so it really isn't making a change statement. The cost of the hedge, we exclude from core performance. But as you divide the $100 million by 8 quarters and tax effective, it's a very small amount.
James B. Flaws: In the U.S. And in terms of equity earnings, it's -- we believe that silicone business is doing quite well in the current quarter. It's going to continue to do well in the second quarter.
James B. Flaws: So we've said demand is good. Pricing has been okay. Raw materials have been -- costs have been improving versus where they were. So those are the primarily things. Demand is good in China, good in the United States, weak in Europe.
James B. Flaws: They have a very high correlation with GDP or industrial production. It depends on which segment, the usage of it. But I think the thing you have to remember, as emerging economies start to move up the scale, if you will, of development, they actually use more silicone per population. So you actually get a multiplier effect even though, say, China's GDP is 7.7%, as an example, the growth in silicones will be higher because -- consistently seeing developing economies as more silicones per person, if you will, as they move up the scale of life, and so that's what where we think we're seeing some of the strength.
James B. Flaws: Because last year, we -- you were seeing perspective from our price competition and we're not seeing that right now.
James B. Flaws: No, we think silicones is coming off a low point in terms of margin performance. And assuming the world's economies behave, sales should grow. The unknown for us is really going to be Europe. It's really hard to tell what's going to happen in the European economies, and that's clearly been a drag on Dow Corning, but I think we're starting to stabilize a little. Even though it's at a lower level, that's helpful for Dow Corning.
James B. Flaws: A lot of questions. So the structural reduction in inventory that we talked about in December of 2011, we still believe that, that can occur. What has surprised us is the willingness of the supply chain to carry more inventory than what we expected, and we continue to struggle a bit as per the reasons as outlined in my prepared remarks. We clearly think that there could be some impact from the fact that panel prices have been relatively stable, and what has often driven supply chain fluctuations has been when -- particularly when people think there's about to be a big reduction in panel prices, no one wants to look dumb and buy when they're seeing that. So we think that stability maybe playing into effect. The second thing, again, hard to prove is the LCD television market basically gets the full penetration, and we're capturing the more emerging parts of China as an example and other parts around the world. It may be that the supply chains are just less efficient. The third factor that we're seeing is that the panel industry has chosen to improve their own efficiencies and also position themselves better, seeing the proliferation of new sizes. So at one time, life was pretty simple. It was either a 32 or 37 or 40 or 42 or 46. Now you see these new sizes like 39 coming in. And the more models you have, the more inventory you have. So we still believe over time that the supply chain will become efficient and will go down, but it's definitely carrying more than what we originally expected. Do you have any comment on the panel supply, Wendell, in terms of, we know there's more capacity coming on in China, and as the year progresses so we're hopeful that, that is enough to supply the demand, but I don't have a lot of current data on panel supply.
James B. Flaws: We have not yet set a firm policy with the board as either a yield or a percentage of our free cash flow. I can tell you that the board's deliberations went into the announcement today is that we're really dedicating our free cash flow over this year and next year to shareholder returns through a combination of dividend and share repurchase. And I think, as always, I think we'd love to continue to increase the dividend as our earnings go up. We want to be cautious not to get too strong on the dividend because you never want to have to lower it and we lived through that once before. But I think you can expect to see the dividend continue to go up as our earnings go up, and that's dedicated to free cash flow, the remaining free cash flow against share repurchases as long as we feel the company's undervalued, which we clearly do.
James B. Flaws: Our cost reduction is exceeding our ASP declines on Gorillas. So just a reminder on Gorilla, this remains a relatively new business and new product and we're making improvements in our cost structure as we're making that glass thinner and improving our yields so we are moving up the gross margins of that, and the profitability remains well above the corporate average and it's improving.
Ehud A. Gelblum: A couple of clarifications first. Jim, the $100 million hedge expenses, where does that show up or where are we going to see in the P&L? And also the change in pension accounting that you made, did that have an impact on EPS this quarter and what do you expect that to be for the year? And then I have some fundamental follow-ups.
Ehud A. Gelblum: Okay. That is helpful. Digging a little bit deeper into the equity earnings, the $173 million versus -- we had about $120 million, count that SCP was probably around $17 million of that. The rest, did that come basically from silicones? And can you just give more color on what is driving that? You did make some comments that you think it's sustainable and it comes back. Just what are the drivers there and sort of to understand kind of the moving pieces? And then on cash, someone asked before and I'm not sure I caught the answer, what is your U.S. cash balance right now? I think it was $1.5 billion at the end of last year.
Ehud A. Gelblum: I've always thought sales have just more been somewhat of a GDP-related thing because they go into a lot of different areas. So is that a comment on macro, in general, looking better from the perspective of product that silicones go into...
Ehud A. Gelblum: And China's GDP was even stronger last year, and yet, it wasn't really helping you then. So I'm just trying to find out what was the turning point of what's happening now that hasn't happened previously that seems to be bringing that category back up again? Is there anything you can pinpoint or...
