Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Mehdi, what I would say on OpEx, we're certainly taking actions to pause spending in this current environment. As I mentioned, our goal is going to be to protect profitability and to protect our cash flow. I don't think, given the fact that we feel good about our long-term growth drivers, we're going to take significant actions at least at this point in time.  And with respect to capital, we're definitely pausing spending here as we go into the fourth quarter, and you should see the rate of our spending coming down a little bit.
Edward Schlesinger: And Wamsi, on the yen or on currency in general, I'll make a couple of comments. So I think you know we're obviously long in the yen. We are short in other currencies. Most currencies are weak -- or weakening versus the dollar. So we are taking an opportunity during this time period in some of the currencies where we're short. And they're weakening against the dollar to put hedges in place farther out, right? So we're trying to be opportunistic despite the fact that the yen is weak and that obviously impacts our overall core rates as we think about them sort of as a basket of exposures.  And then with respect to the yen, we continue to look for ways to protect ourselves beyond 2023. We do have some hedges in place beyond 2023 and the farther out you go, the spot rate or the forward rate -- sorry, the forward rate is below where the current spot rate is, and that affords us some opportunity to do things further out. So we'll keep investors updated. We understand how people are thinking about it, and we're going to be opportunistic and try to protect ourselves at this current core rate level.
Edward Schlesinger: And Josh, I'll make a comment on the restructuring charges. So what you saw this quarter was primarily related to sort of an early-stage business, moving more towards commercialization. Oftentimes, we have Gen 1 assets. And as we move into like a high-volume manufacturing state, we advance our technology. Our cost goes down significantly and we sort of obsolete those Gen 1 assets, and that's the primary driver of what happened in the third quarter.
Edward Schlesinger: Shannon, so first, I would say we feel great about our Solar business. That was a great part of our ability to offset the lower volume of display in the third quarter. And our orders are strong, and we continue to sign customers up and sell out the capacity we've brought online. And we see that as a secular growth trend going forward. I think as we've shared, we have more capacity that we can bring online and we're in the process of evaluating that and the exact timing of when all that will happen. And we're certainly taking a look through all of the legislation that recently passed and how that impacts us. I think you can all -- you can view that as all positive for us, and we'll come back over time and talk a little bit about it more in detail.
Edward Schlesinger: And Meta, on inventory, you're right. You can see it in our cash flow. We've definitely built a lot of inventory through September and we definitely need to make that reverse. That's what we're thinking, it will start to happen in the fourth quarter and as we go into 2023. I mean I think there are a few factors that drive it higher. And it's one of the reasons why we haven't been able to sort of slow it down and reverse it sooner. First and foremost, just in general, the supply chain has been difficult, and we want to make sure we can serve our customers, so we're carrying a little more inventory than we might otherwise have. And as we brought our sales forecast down for the back half of the year, we need to sort of catch up and digest a little bit of the inventory that we have and that we've produced. And then lastly, just the cost of the inventory, right? So as inflation hits us, it manifests itself in inventory, and then we get that back as we raise price when we sell that through. So there's a little bit of a delay in that. Those are really the factors that drive it up. And yes, our goal is to get it down starting here in the fourth quarter.
Wendell Weeks: So Steve, first as to the macro, and you follow it all pretty closely. Macro demand in Opto is incredibly strong. But as you know, what we do is we try to make sure that we're supporting those customers that will be big, long-term players and the nature of telecommunications is that there is -- it's a pretty concentrated industry. So all that tends to happen is when some of our bigger customers end up changing their timing or altering their timing that's what leads to the lumpiness of our revenue. So we're highly confident in the demand drivers here in Opto. And as you know, I tend to be pretty pessimistic on Opto but just sort of overwhelming evidence that demand is very strong.  Now as that -- how long these timing moves can happen? I think you're right to say what can happen during the winter or which tends to be a little bit slower time for us just seasonality-wise. And that's legitimate, whether in the last 3 months or a little longer than 3 months, that's hard to tell. What it's easy to tell though is demand for Opto is super strong.
Wendell Weeks: And Steve, I was going to say, I think the plants that we recently opened are ramping fine. I feel like we've added some capacity. We'll be able to use that as we go forward, but it takes a little while for all the cost drag to kind of go away and we should see that sort of fully ramped and the financial impact in 2023.
Wendell Weeks: Great question, Martin. So our analytics are really good at being able to say, for instance, last year, we said there was going to be a correction in 2022. And then they're very good at doing things like calling a bottom because we can tell sort of where our panel makers are operating, and what exactly is happening with their inventory, et cetera. They're not as good at following the exact timing of a turn.  So for instance, our analytics would have said the panel maker industry should have started. It's correction in a much more robust way in quarter 4 of last year in quarter 2, but they didn't actually start until quarter 2 and then accelerated into quarter 3.  So though we're really comfortable with our analytics, they we're a bottom. The calling on when that upswing comes now really gets into sort of what is the psychological behavior of buyers in this industry. And so the way we tend to try to do that, it's a little softer but we do take a look at panel price inflection points. So that's where the absolute level is, but when do they turn and that is actually a buy signal for buyers, right, and it makes signal for panel makers.  How is the retail and set maker commentary as we have interviews with them constantly? How are they actually feeling about what it is they're seeing because that's going to drive their behavior. And then finally is just how tight things are becoming in the value chain overall.  So as we look at all those things, what we'd say is we can't tell yet what exact month we see the sharp recovery, right? We'll need to see more of that accumulate. But we can't say with pretty high confidence that September was a bottom. And now it's just a question of when do we pop up.
Wendell Weeks: So the pandemic sort of changed what is healthy and what's not healthy and all the challenges in the supply chain. But what we should do is we should probably update you if this is a question that you have sort of how we view it overall. And Ed will follow up with you and give you the benefit of our thinking of how we analyze the industry.
Wendell Weeks: So our confidence on price really has been driven by our performance throughout this correction and going into where our prices have been up to stable throughout every single stage of it, including here in this last quarter.  So you heard from Ed sort of the dynamics that is bit of led to this but we feel good about where we're at, and we expect pricing to continue to be stable as we exit the correction as it has been up to stable throughout going into the correction and to the bottom of the correction.
Wendell Weeks: Shannon, you're right to look at it and say, "Gosh, I think this is probably really good for Corning." And we'll update you as we turn into the year on what we think that will mean.
Wendell Weeks: So we're seeing the economic conditions really play out in our end markets. So as I shared in my opening that as whether it's in smartphones, notebooks, panel maker utilization, automotive, we're seeing those markets that are highly consumer electronics-related or highly consumer-related to be down significantly already. As of yet, that has definitely caused our customers so they pace. We haven't seen them come off their long-term ideas about what they have to invest in.  Much like us, our customers take a long time to build productive capacity and develop new technologies. So, so far, we haven't seen a reduction in their long-term appetite. Most people see that the economic concerns are already happening to them. So the real question is, when does it come out as opposed to getting ready for it. So I'd say that's sort of the animal spirits we're experiencing so far.  On price, yes, we are saying that in Opto, we've experienced some more inflation, and we will go -- going to be approaching our customers to more appropriately share that in this coming quarter. Throughout the year, we have done actually quite a good job of being able to share the inflation we experienced with our customers with price increases really across our business base. So, so far, we've been able to do that successfully and ask me the question again next quarter, and I'll tell you how this latest round went.
Wendell Weeks: Great question. Most of our More Corning plays tend to reduce our customers' cost or improve their ability to deliver a vital customer function that they see. So in macro, I'd say, no, that we're not seeing a reduction in their capability. Let me give you a good example on cloud-based players. So on our latest set of innovations basically involve us being able to deliver totally engineered connectivity systems so that we save 40% of materials for them we can say, months and installation time.  We improved the quality of everything. And so that in total, you give us a lot more price, a lot more revenue but it saves you money in time. That is like a typical angle for us in More Corning, and we're continuing to see good adoption of those. Your question. Interesting is when you move into mobile consumer electronics is you're seeing some differing strategies. There's just some clear power winners that have happened there who continue to invest really strongly in improving the product attributes that they offer to their customers. And some of our other mobile consumer electronics players, particularly in China, sort of have lost in that premium battle and are doing a little bit less of our key innovations. But in total, the winners are investing more with us. So -- and [indiscernible] still think that fundamental More Corning strategy is playing out well, very strong heartbeat. So that is still playing out. But I do understand the question. It's an interesting question. It's unique.
Wendell Weeks: First question, North America based, right, and relatively limited in terms of its -- the number of people that are involved. So telco North America based, just timing. And I think if you just talk to the industry more broadly, you'll see that , to refrain from almost all of our customers is we can't get enough. And so that's still the backdrop, that's still the heartbeat and it's just timing and a few key customers.
Wendell Weeks: Awesome question. So first, I'd say you're right. And that's one of the things that why we feel good about our execution in display during this correction. So what you're seeing come through is all that tremendous improvement in productivity that our new technology brings and the outstanding cost performance that we've been able to do with that. So with a long period of time of prices being stable to up. And so that is what we've been trying to do in Display. That has been our strategy in Display as we build our strength through this time period. Very stable pricing, a very stable market position and then use our big technology lever to continue to drive our cost performance and drive up our profitability. And it's one of the things we're excited about when we see these -- the correction be over and the market start to move up and glass demand to go up because the incrementals will be powerful and a beautiful thing to behold.
