James B. Flaws: So we're planning on volume growth next year in the business. Obviously, that's somewhat dependent on where the supply chain ends this year and the amount of inventory. As I indicated, they built quite a bit. But we believe that we'll see growth in the glass market next year. We think televisions will grow. We have to keep reminding everybody that size matters here. The fastest-growing segment is the 50-inch and above, and obviously that's a lot more glass for us. Actually, one thing that's very interesting about the television market this year: Sales of television below 30 inches, the units are actually negative year-over-year and that's making it look like the television unit growth is not as great. Obviously, it could be influenced by tablets. But when you look at the 30 to 40, 40 to 50, and 50 and above, we're seeing good growth rates. And if you take out small-sized, you are seeing good unit growth, and obviously the area is really helping us. So we are planning on the glass market growing next year and we'll give out a number in January after we see how the supply chain finished the year.
James B. Flaws: So the board will consider returns to shareholders probably on a regular basis. As you saw in October, Amir, they moved the dividend up by 20%, and it's now up 80% over a 12-month period of time. I'm sure they will consider also our cash position and where the cash is and think about share repurchases again. But I would not anticipate an immediate announcement. But the board will continue to monitor this in -- on a regular basis.
James B. Flaws: Well, clearly, as quarter 3 unfolded, we saw some step-downs in 2 of our businesses. And that really occurred primarily in August in telecom and environmental where, in environmental, we saw cutbacks in orders from heavy-duty truck makers. And in telecom, we just saw business not materializing that we expected. I would say environmental is continuing to get worse. Telecom has been relatively stable since that step-down in August.
James B. Flaws: I'm not prepared to give you the number yet, but it clearly will be more than what the charge of the restructuring is. And by the way, that $50 million is -- we expect to be mostly cash. There's no asset write-offs in it.
James B. Flaws: So I think I made the comment that customer utilization has improved in Q3. We expect them, at best, to be similar in Q4, maybe slightly down. From price point of view, our perspective is that we're in a consumer electronics industry. Price is going to come down over time. We expect to -- our goal is to have price declines every quarter to be moderate, if we can. The increase in Q4 versus Q3 on prices, as Wendell indicated, are related to the new contracts and some catch-up. But our price declines are not just at one customer.
James B. Flaws: We remain pretty confident about the replacement rate. Sometimes, we see events like, in Japan, where, thru the echo-point, they kind of pulled forward all their replacement rate into a concentrated period of time. But our evidence says that the replacement rate is continuing to be along with our expectations. Obviously, you have some places in the world where macro events can overwhelm that, if your economy is really terrible. And clearly in some of the Southern European countries that's obviously occurring. But in terms of the fundamental of people replacing LCDs, we're now starting to get to the point where, in some markets, LCDs are crossing over that 5-year age, and that's where we start to see it. And we are closely monitoring it, but we still think it's going to happen.
James B. Flaws: So Ehud, on the capital, you may have misspoken, but the $1.9 billion is this year. Our number for next year is $1.3 billion, that was our number that we've had for a while. In the July call, we said we had some risk that it might climb. We now think it won't climb so we're very confident about the $1.3 billion. It's possible it could be lower, but it's $1.3 billion for next year.
James B. Flaws: Okay, I'll try and take some of these. Maybe Wendell will take the Apple question. So our wholly owned business was quite strong, as we expected when we entered the quarter. That was driven primarily by increased utilization in Japan. You may recall, in Q2, our primary customer there had lowered their utilization quite a bit. We expect it to come back, and it did in Q3, and that really drove the larger increase because of that. We had good demand at our other wholly owned customers especially in China. For Samsung Corning Precision, basically, they have 2 customers. The utilization rate at those 2 customers didn't change very much during the quarter so we didn't really expect to see much change in demand there. Relative to the one customer, we announced that we had a -- the deal with them for the entire year. I think we made that announcement in the spring and so there really hasn't been any change with that customer since the spring. We obviously expect to continue to supply them. And we'll -- have not yet entered into negotiations for next year but will and hope to be a supplier with them and continuing what we've done for the last -- latter part of the 9 months of this year. Now Wendell, I'll turn it to you, to talk about Samsung and Apple.
James B. Flaws: It'll obviously be a combination of what the volume is for next year and what pricing is for next year. We achieved what we hoped to on moderate pricing and have that carried for the entire year. And with the volume that we think it's possible, you might see a slight increase in display gross margins. And clearly, relative to the corporation, it will depend on what the other businesses are doing. The good news for us right now is Gorilla is well above the corporate average. And therefore, like we've experienced in years past with display, we are niche-pulling strong. It actually is helping drive our corporate number up. So in the future, when I talk about our corporate gross margins, it -- hopefully, they will be less all about display margins and about the impact of Gorilla helping out.
James B. Flaws: So I would say, on Gorilla, we still feel the potential for margins to improve, they're really quite good right now. We are delighted by them but, we think, have potential to improve. On diesel, my -- I'll let Wendell comment. My own take is that, that we made quite a bit of improvement in diesel margins but I think we still have manufacturing projects that, when we have a volume, will allow our gross margins to improve, in diesel also.
James B. Flaws: So we would say, normal is hard to judge in this business because of all the cycles we see, but I would say it's definitely more than what we expected to have -- be there. And I would say that we're -- from our perspective, we would say it's probably 50 million square feet, 50 to 70 million more than what we would have expected at this stage. The thing that's harder for us to judge is as the LCD business has grown rapidly in what I'll call the more emerging markets and then in China as it's expanded in more rural regions, is whether the supply chain is more inefficient, and therefore that's a reason why we may be seeing more inventory. But I would say that's my characterization of the risk of too much inventory right now heading into the fourth quarter.
James B. Flaws: Well, this comes down to something we've been debating with ourselves, is we could fundamentally be wrong and there may be stronger demand that they're seeing that we're not. And therefore, they have good judgment of why they should keep running, and they're not going to end with that much inventory. That obviously would be a good news story for us that they don't end up with inventory, and retail is stronger. So we may be subject to our particular modeling and our solid experience with the volatility of the supply chain in the past. But they may be right, and if they are, we'd be happy to ship it to them. And we'd be delighted if they ended with less inventory and better retail.
James B. Flaws: Well, Dow Corning does have their own restructuring plan. They've been reducing people ever since the second quarter, but we're not anticipating any special charge, they've been doing it on a consistent basis.
James B. Flaws: It all depends, John, on Hemlock. And that's the wild card there, as you know, going into the polysilicon prices that occurred, actually, about this time a year ago. This is an extraordinarily profitable business, and pricing has plummeted and now we're seeing demand into China plummet with the trade wars. So that overwhelms. But I think that silicone margins are likely to grow slightly.
James B. Flaws: Sure. On LED penetration, I'll just give you some statistics. Actually, the place where LED penetration is really low is the United States. It's only achieved slightly over 50%. Japan is the highest, but it's probably no surprise. It's in the 80s. And Europe has been moving up, but it's still only again 70%. So we think LED is an important part of the replacement factor. It makes what used to be a thin television, super thin. And as you see the ads for this upcoming holiday season, people aren't at the sizing can [ph]. So I think LED is still a driver, along with other improvements in the technology.
James B. Flaws: We don't have, unfortunately, a typical seasonality with Gorilla that we've been able to prove. Part of this is that the supply chain is actually far longer in the Gorilla cover glass business than it is in the LCD business. Obviously, that can be similar to customers who can have an influence when they do a big rollout, but we've seen customers do more frequent rollouts with models and so it's always possible we have a pause. But right now, we're having a hard time keeping up with our customer demands to Gorilla. Okay, so I'd like to wrap up. I just have a couple of comments here. First, from an IR point of view, we will be speaking at the UBS global technology conference in New York on November 14. And also, we will be at the Credit Suisse Technology Conference in Scottsdale on November 27 and we're delighted to see our investors there. In terms of summarizing some of the things we talked about today. We think we've made excellent progress on our plan to stabilize display and grow out earnings potential in the other businesses. In display, we're delighted with our new agreements with key customers and we think they will give us strong benefits in 2013. Demand for Gorilla is very strong and we expect it to continue into Q4. We've got very good operating cash flow. The board reacted by increasing the dividend 20%, increasing our 12-month increase in dividends to 80%. We obviously are feeling some effects of the macro economy, but the management is reacting quickly to control costs due to restructuring and will offset some of those impacts and hopefully allow us to grow earnings in 2013. Lastly, I'd like to make one comment, first of all on Ken Sofio. Ken continues to progress and appreciates very much people who emailed him. And second of all, I'd like to thank Ann, Linda and Kelly for stepping in and doing great job with IR over these past few months. And with that, I'll turn it back to you, Ann.
Wendell P. Weeks: So I'd add to that. I think, if you take a look at this year, which certainly hasn't been the easiest economic environment ever. And it's easy to forget that, with the price moves down in LCD, because you're not seeing the revenue growth, volume growth is actually quite robust. And there's nothing about that dynamic other than you can have, in a given quarter or 2, supply chain moves one way or the other, the weakening changes going forward. There's going to be more displays sold in the future than there are now and it's going to continue to be robust. And the key thing is getting pricing stable and continuing to drive new apps.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, we certainly hope so. Perhaps, it'll help if we explained it a little more detail of how it is our agreements with customers are working and what's changed. So let's start with the way we previous -- previous agreements worked. We would set a price, we would go out with a price. And then usually, competition would have to price under us to get share. Now over time, our premium would build up with this approach are leading to share volume and price volatility usually in times where supply and demand got a little bit off-kilter. So now let's talk about our approach now: What we've done with these new agreements is to set our market share and set a fixed relationship between our price and the market price. Now with the agreements that are starting in quarter 4, there'll be an initial correction to take into account the premium that it built up under the old agreements. And that is captured within the guidance you heard from James. Now let's talk about going forward. If you just think through the game theory and think through how these things actually work, logic would lead you to conclude that this new approach should give us steady share at the customers and allow us to smooth our operations, as well as reducing price volatility. Now, of course, the underlying foundation of -- for all of this is always managing glass supply to demand. Now as we look forward, barring supply chain motions in any given quarter, we expect very high utilization and we're not planning to expand our capacity beyond committed supply. And on the supply and demand, also I think something people don't always think through, is what we have done to create more balance. So first, we're getting the increased capacity to serve the growth in the display industry from increased productivity, a combination of thin as well as running better. So that has continued to improve the supply level, all right? Our costs tend to be by the pound and we sell by the square foot. Now as we increase our output of -- what we're doing is we're freeing up capacity to serve the high-growth Gorilla market, which we're also taking thinner. So this combination does a couple of things. First, it makes it possible for us to more closely match supply and demand, which aids in the pricing of LCD. Second and quite importantly, it enables us to grow our revenues without having to invest as much capital, which increases the cash returns for our shareholders and improves our return on investment. So as I describe the totality here, you see what we're trying to do is set the table to be able to have an environment of better price stability as well as better cash returns for our shareholders.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, I think cap is an interesting word. What we seek to do -- now let's take a look at what's happened over the last year. Basically, as Jim said in the opening, we had a series of motions at a particular customer where one of our competitors tried to significantly increase their share. Here we are, a year later, worldwide market shares are basically where they started before all that, okay? And what has happened is just a lot of motion underneath the water but we're back to pretty much where we were before this whole thing started. So we're not seeking to gain share overall as a company. We're happy in the leadership position that we're in. What we're seeking to do is have better stability of our volumes and to have a less-volatile environment. We think that's good for our customers and we think it's good for the industry.
Wendell P. Weeks: And I think the reason that you see the mix is, on the other hand, display -- as the quarter moved its way through, both display and Gorilla were good. And Gorilla got extraordinarily good and it's continuing really strong momentum. So I think, when you step back and look at the total, the strength in our glass side more than offset any issues on telecom and environmental. So why you hear the mix in tone is that we are -- we want to make sure that we're cautious in the economic environment that we face, but at the same time, we're happy with the way in which we're playing out our hand in display. And in those areas where we've got big innovations, you're seeing them behave like big innovations which is, no matter what the wind, you tend to sail pretty fast.
Wendell P. Weeks: And if you take sort of at a base heartbeat of what we're seeing on the pricing in quarter 4, it is -- as Jim described, it is that moderate price-down that we seek, and that we think is going to continue going forward. And then it's just a matter of that switch in approach ends up with us having to overcome sort of that premium that just builds up over time under the old way.
Wendell P. Weeks: And I think the other place you've got to look to for replacement rate is the new technologies that are coming. Now it's really hard to tell what year they'll have an impact, right? Whether it's '13, '14, that's hard to tell. However, what's easy to tell is that they will. So in very-large-sized displays, you have a tremendous amount of innovation that you're not quite seeing yet, but we are because we're working with folks on it, that are going to change the way flat-panel displays -- the customers experience flat-panel displays. And that will help spur it. And then the other is take a look at -- notebooks is -- one thing we know with high degree of confidence is touch is going to come to notebooks, right? I've seen a lot of new product sets that people are working on to do that, and they're quite exciting. What we don't know is when the combination of Windows 8, the brands who are designing these new types of notebooks and Intel, with some of the processing fees, until it all comes together in a compelling package. Is that '13, is it '14? It's hard to tell. But what is pretty easy to tell is that is going to lead to us -- both a strong refresh cycle as well as nice new demand for us on both the touch and the monitor side.
Wendell P. Weeks: So there'll be a level of detail underneath that I'm not going to want to go into. But it is, "What is the actual market price?" And that will be a fixed relationship between that and our price, which should account for any sort of noise but maybe in differential perception.
Wendell P. Weeks: The automotive. We're getting some really nice pull and engagement actually as recently as this last month. So that's the good news. I think you just got to keep in mind that the automotive industry does not move like tech and consumer electronics. So even once you have a platform win, it's a while before that platform win turns into commercialization. So it's got a little bit slower heartbeat as much as both us and our customers probably wish it went a little faster.
Wendell P. Weeks: For mental and physical health, we try never to talk much about anybody who lives in Cupertino or Seoul, so I don't want to comment on any of that dynamic. What I will do, though, is, at -- the core of your question sort of gets into, for very high-performance displays, do we have really nice channel to market either through a direct relationship with the brands or through the appropriate players in the panel display chain? And I'd say we feel good about that. And actually, with what's going on for us right now in high-performance displays or those very high-pixel-count displays as well as creating backplane engines for things like OLEDs, we are feeling stronger and stronger with every passing month rather than vice versa.
Wendell P. Weeks: Great. So on the forward tech, once again, we're going to follow our general rule of never talking about anybody who lives in Cupertino or Seoul. So I will now generalize. We're continuing to see really a trend that we started in glass, which is to push towards thinner, to gain more and more momentum. And you see that in a variety of different product offerings and it's really validating our strategy from a technical standpoint and from a productivity standpoint, so that's great. On Willow, Willow is a really big idea that we continue to make good progress on both in our ability to do it in commercial levels of production as well as market development. That being said, because it's a big idea, in any given quarter, it isn’t going to feel like there's a lot of progress on the outside because, until the fundamental supply chain -- it changes so much that it's going to take a while for a really strong obvious market pull to arrive. And then when it does, it will scale very rapidly. It will be one of our classic innovations where everybody will go, "What's going on? What's going on? I haven't heard a lot about Willow?" And then, it will turn on like a light switch and be really big. And which exact market it's going to hit first, this is hard for us to tell, but we certainly feel good about our progress so far on that. Jim, do you want to touch on margins? And then I'll build on the diesel.
Wendell P. Weeks: So we wouldn't expect the sort of correction of premium to be a recurring theme because at the core of what we're doing is to have the set relationship. That being said, I think the key thing to watch for as we go forward is going to be supply, demand and balance, what's happening overall with the market. And I think that will be more of the leading theme, as well as, "Is the table that we have tried to set here, is that -- end up playing out the way that we would hope that it would?" And the logic would say it ought to.
