Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thank you, John, and good morning. Welcome to Corning's second quarter conference call. Jim Flaws, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, will start the call with some prepared remarks. Before Jim starts, I'd like to remind you that today's remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. They involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are detailed in the company's SEC reports. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Flaws.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thanks, Andrew, and thank you, Jim. Thank you all for joining us today. A playback of the call -- I'm sorry, Jim, go ahead.
Ann H. S. Nicholson: Thanks, Jim. So a playback of today's call is available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time and will run until 5 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on Wednesday, August 8. To listen, dial (800) 475-6701. The access code is 253774. And of course, an audiocast is available on our website during that time. John, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
James B. Flaws: Sure. So in reverse order, on the new Chinese venture, what's happening is Samsung and Corning are each putting in $100 million approximately. That will be funded for each of us by dividends out of SCP. And then the remainder of the funding, $600 million, and I emphasize that’s spent over time, will come from loans from SCP to the new venture and, therefore, will not have any guarantee from Corning. So fundamentally, our cash going in is $100 million, and that's $100 million extra that we're getting out of dividends from SCP, which by the way is exactly what we did with the OLED venture. In terms of capacity, our wholly-owned capacity is running at high utilizations. That's driven by a combination of Gorilla and the uptick in LCD glass heading into Q3. However, if you recall, the original 25% included our worldwide capacity, and we still have significant capacity offline at SCP. In terms of demand linearity, I think your question was around Q2. And what we saw was weakening in light-duty filters in Europe, pretty much consistently starting in April. And in China, the weakness in cars was really with the shutdowns that occurred towards the end of Q2. In Telecom, we saw weakness throughout the quarter in Europe, principally in our legacy products.
James B. Flaws: I don't think our forecast was ever 230 million. It was in low 220s. I think there is some risk that it could be in the upper 2 teens. On the other hand, the flipside is from an area point of view, that's not hurting us because we actually have seen stronger average size television growth this year.
James B. Flaws: So in terms of industry capacity utilization, obviously, our competitors will have to speak for themselves. But for Corning, we have the ability to throttle back relatively easily, but we always have a certain number of tanks that are coming up for their normal repair. And so to the degree that we saw in the fourth quarter the need to do that, we can do that relatively easily because there's always some tanks that we need to repair. In terms of pricing, I'm delighted by the Q3 pricing that we basically have reached agreement with almost all of our customers already. I'm not giving guidance for Q4 at this stage, but we're quite hopeful that we'll be able to again have Q4 pricing be moderate. Clearly, that's our goal.
James B. Flaws: Well, the positive news for Telecom is that we think we're on the right side of the optical substitution transition with most of our products. And so compared to a lot of other Telecom equipment providers, we have that going for us. The flipside, we're not immune to the macro environment. We started to feel that, as I mentioned, in Europe, and we've started this -- we've seen some projects we expected to happen at a slower pace. But fundamentally, we feel very good about where we stand with our products. Demand for fiber remains very strong, particularly in China. We have good fiber-to-the-home visibility. The Australian project regrettably is starting slower than what we expected, and we probably should have remembered that because Verizon did also originally. But we feel pretty good about Telecom. I think our biggest worry would be Europe and Telecom.
James B. Flaws: Yes, that's a very complicated question, so I'll take a shot at it. So as you recall in China, when the panel industry -- when the Chinese government requested applications from the panel industry to build several years ago, there were 9 applications, and I think 5 were approved. They have been phased, I think, appropriately by the various panel fab manufacturers on a very delayed manner. So we basically have BOE up and running. China Star is up and running, and none of the other new ones are really running. So Samsung had received approval for their Gen 8.5 panel fab. They have started construction, but it's on a much delayed basis from what they originally planned. This new facility is a small facility, and it's located very close to theirs. It will be built in phases and only as they need it. And so it's not like we're turning it all on at once. The same thing is true for our Beijing facility. We are actually going to write up the capacity in the second half of this year, but it will be on a very phased basis. We can ship in from Korea to Samsung. It would not come from our Japanese facility. And they could do that. I won't comment on the economics, but clearly, Samsung very much wanted to have a glass facility built there next to their fab. But we are going to be very, very careful on our managing our overall capacity. And I will comment that at SCP, we expect capacity to remain significantly idle with the loss of LG share.
James B. Flaws: I'm sorry, I'm not at liberty to give you more detail. I can just say that in the last month, we received a surprise that a customer wanted a different product shipped, and we had to scramble to try and make that, and we couldn't get it done in the month of June.
James B. Flaws: So in terms of auto, we are working with several car manufacturers and are quite hopeful that we'll get something designed in. As we've said before, the pace of the auto industry is quite a bit slower compared to consumer electronics. We are working with a number of people on touch devices, and I think people are hopeful about the impact of Windows 8. But I really can't give you any quantity forecast.
James B. Flaws: Yes, I mean, it's very obvious that we lost significant share in LG last year. That's no secret. that was the customer. But I think, by and large, we think shares have been relatively stable. I mean, in any given quarter, they can move up and down a little, particularly because some customers may run at higher utilizations than others. But right now, we think the share situation is relatively stable, and it is our goal to maintain our share.
James B. Flaws: I'm not expecting any. I don't have a perfect crystal ball, Amir, but I would say that I'm not aware of that. And I think what I'm delighted by our Display team in heading into quarter 3 has reached agreement with our customers. We're quite hopeful that with the utilizations ticking up in Japan, that will be good for us. So I'm not expecting any share potholes. And as I said, our goal is to maintain our worldwide share. And in any given quarter, it can move up and down a couple of points. But generally, that's what we expect to have happen.
James B. Flaws: I think it varies region by region. U.S., we're expecting to see relatively consistent unit growth. We're expecting to see the area -- the larger televisions do better, as they have all year long. I think the place, as I indicated in my comments, that we have the most concerns about would be China as to what the growth rate there will be in the back half of the year. And then it's not -- in China, as you know, it's not a traditional fall retail season like it is in the United States and Europe. And I think that's the one that we're most concerned about. In Europe, we’re not looking for robust unit sales, although as I mentioned, we were delighted that the last 3 months have been year-over-year units have been up. And the area even more strongly in Europe, so that's good news.
James B. Flaws: I have nothing to announce today. I mean, we still have some money left on our share repurchase. Obviously, we'd love to close the BD deal. We are looking at some smaller acquisitions from time to time in Telecom, but there's nothing imminent. So you shouldn't be looking for any announcement right away. But we are very alert to trying to improve shareholder returns. And so I'm sure we'll be discussing that as the year progresses.
James B. Flaws: I don't have any unit data that I can give you on Gorilla, I'm sorry. In terms of outlook for our utilization, our wholly-owned business, it's -- we obviously are expecting, as I indicated, a significant increase in Japan, but we are seeing utilization ramp already at our Taiwanese customers and in China. So it's really relatively across-the-board in our wholly-owned business. Obviously, there are some customers we have stronger positions with. And when they ramp up, it helps us more.
James B. Flaws: We're -- as you know, we have difficulty forecasting Gorilla. And on the positive side, as we continue to feel smartphones are growing, we continue to feel touch is prevalent on smartphones, we are not feeling any competitive loss there. The downside is we can't -- it's hard for us to tell whether the economy is in fact going to impact phone sales. We think tablet sales are relatively strong. We're -- there obviously are, from time to time, model changes that influence quarters, but we're not sensing economic weakness in the Gorilla business. But it is a very difficult business for us to track because the supply chain is much more complicated than it is in Display.
James B. Flaws: On the latter question, I think about $300 million is left in the existing buyback program. On our competitor's announcement this morning, I think you should talk to them. I think the thing for you to think about analytically is their customer portfolio and what's happening with their customers versus what's happening with our customers. I do not anticipate that we are going to experience anything other than moderate price declines, as we talked about.
James B. Flaws: So I'll try to get those questions. So on Gorilla, over time, our customers are improving their yields as they take our glass and finish it. We do not believe that yield improvement had any impact on the Q2. We think we had more significant impact from yields last year, and we think it's a more gradual improvement. The comment on Q2 was really around a mix related with customers changing their orders from one thing to another very late in the quarter, and we just couldn't react quickly enough. At SCP, it's an existing customer that we signed a multi-quarter deal with. At Dow Corning, Dow Corning is a complicated company, but our silicone business had volume increases and also had the benefit of, thankfully, some lower raw material costs structure. On the polysilicon side, what we saw was slightly higher prices in the quarter. Polysilicon, which is perhaps the one that has more comparisons to Wacker, is a -- it's a very difficult industry to predict right now because of the -- what's going on in the solar industry. But we think that Hemlock did quite well in the most recent quarter. But it's a really hard industry to predict right now.
James B. Flaws: No, we don't believe it's a one-time bump. We think it's related to strong end market demand for our products or our customers’ products using the glass.
James B. Flaws: On the case of our new venture in China, our customers are partnered with Samsung. And this has been known -- we actually have talked about this for quite a while. I think investors kind of hoped it wouldn't happen, but we've always known it would happen at some point. Clearly, Samsung will make their own announcements about the timing of their panel fab there, but I think you should expect this not to be a sudden giant increase in capacity for the panel or the glass industry. We're building a factory that supplies Samsung. It's a small factory. It's going to be relatively close to them. We're going to be very measured about how fast we ramp the -- we spend the money first and ramp the tanks. We're doing the exact same thing in Beijing. We're being very measured about how we bring up the capacity. I don't think you should expect us to do any further capital spending for glass in Korea or in our wholly-owned business in Japan or Taiwan. I think any capacity increases that we’ll get over the longer sweep of time will be around our productivity principally from thin. I think that’s by and large -- my observation is probably true for the industry as a whole. I don't think you're going to be seeing a lot of new footprint there. So you shouldn't be thinking that this glass factory in China is very big. And I will remind you that we are -- there's a significant amount of capacity in Korea that is offline and likely to stay offline.
James B. Flaws: It's clearly the wholly-owned business with good volume growth this upcoming quarter. And again, moderate price decline should help our gross margin.
James B. Flaws: Well, I think we've talked about before, for Samsung, on our original agreement, which is now almost 20 years old with them, they have the right if they wanted to put a panel operation in China that SCP could ship into them in combination -- consultation with them, we decided the better answer would be to build a new venture there, a small one, and supply directly, rather than ship in from Korea. But I'm not at liberty to give you much more detail than that. But they always had the right to self-supply their panel fab in China from way back in 1995, when the original agreement was put in place.
James B. Flaws: We're not expecting much a significant switch in that at this stage. But clearly, it could have an impact on the demand going forward because you don't need a diesel particulate filter. But we're not expecting a significant shift at this point in time.
James B. Flaws: So on investment in the new glass venture there, what you will see is higher dividend from SCP, for an extra $100 million, sometime in the back half of the year, and then we will turn around and put that into the equity portion of the new China factory. That is the only Corning financial impact, and so it's essentially neutral at free cash flow over the course of the back half of the year. I don't have the exact timing of which quarter it will fall, but we could get the dividend in one quarter and the investment in another. But essentially, it's neutral to our free cash flow for the new venture. In terms of thin, we are not giving out a forecast, but we continue to expect that every quarter the percentage of glass going thin will increase, and it will do so again next year and the year after. Ultimately, we'll get to a point where almost all the glass will be thin.
James B. Flaws: The answer to the latter is yes, it is. What we find is the transition is generally around a model change. People very rarely have an existing model that has one glass in it and then they will change to another. So we've been going through this, but the transition is going seamlessly, and customers are enthusiastic about Gorilla Glass 2.
James B. Flaws: So it's a tricky thing to judge because when that stimulus was done 3 years ago, originally, the penetration of LCDs was much slower than it was today. But it's our belief that this will have some impact because the spread of LCDs is still moving -- I'd characterize it kind of westward in the country. And so we think it will be positive, but maybe not as big of a pop as what we experienced when they rolled it out 3 years ago.
James B. Flaws: We expect free cash flow -- it's really 2 components. So I'll first say that we think operating cash flow will continue to be excellent in the third and fourth quarter. The free cash flow, it will all depend on the timing of the closing of the BD transaction. So if it closes in the third quarter, it's obviously a very big outflow. If it plays to the fourth quarter, it would affect that one. But other than that, we expect strong operating cash flow, and I don't think our capital spending will be all that different in the quarters going forward.
James B. Flaws: It's always typical for us to judge exactly sporting events and the impact on television demand. I would say compared to prior Olympics, you remember the Chinese Olympics, I would say there is much less talk about the Olympics being a big driver of televisions this year. We do suspect that there was some influence because of European soccer earlier this year. It may have had a little bit of influence. But we're not expecting as much of an impact from this Olympics as we did in 2008 with the Chinese Olympics.
James B. Flaws: They are transferring a small amount of equipment. But as I've said several times now, that capacity from this new facility, which is still quite a ways in the future, is not a very large amount.
James B. Flaws: We have a customer who had ordered a particular products in Gorilla and then reduced that and changed -- and mixed into other products. And we were not able to respond quite fast enough.
