James B. Flaws: So we are going to finish our Beijing facility. So you'll see that in capital spending. We believe our primary customer, the BOE, will be a very successful panel maker as the Chinese market grows. We obviously are going to pace the startup of that factory, and we will plan to do that. We're expecting the startup to occur in the second half. In terms of capital spending for Display, we are finishing up our earthquake preparedness capital spending we've outlined to you before. But in terms of any additional capacity in Display, either in our wholly-owned or SCP, you should not see us initiating anything new.
James B. Flaws: I could just tell you, Wamsi, that the LCD business remains extraordinarily profitable, despite these 2-quarter price declines we have. And the incremental margins are very high. So we definitely intend to maintain our position in the business. And we'll obviously respond to situations as they come along. But beyond that, I won't speculate.
James B. Flaws: We really haven't seen much in the way of price changes in this business in its early years. We always expected that this would be the year we'd begin to see some. It is not excessive price declines. I think some people are speculating that, that is not the case. In fact, we haven't even reached agreement with all our customers yet. But we're just assuming that in the consumer electronics business, that we will feel the fact that our customers always want to be lowering the price of their end product. And so we are highlighting to you that this is the year we might see some price declines. We have not agreed on those yet with customers. We are not feeling any competitive pressure. And if the excitement that we heard from customers on Gorilla Glass 2 at the Consumer Electronics Show continues, we don't expect to feel any competitive pressure.
James B. Flaws: Well, I can never guarantee what the future's going to be, Mark. But I can tell you what we did coming out of 2006, is we adopted a strategy and communicated very broadly that we thought the best thing for our customers and for the industry was to have consistent price declines every quarter, keeping up with the fact that consumer electronics prices are going down. And we intended to do that. There have been several times since then, when we had price declines above that. But I would say, in general, what has led to that strategy, working for us in the industry, was for the glass makers to not have capacity substantially above what the real demand was. The biggest problem that occurred this past year, in my opinion, and take this as a Jim Flaws opinion, please, is that the glass industry, which has to shoot ahead of the duck in terms of thinking about capacity, expected retail demand to grow in 2011 by a certain level. And then it didn't grow quite that strongly. I think ultimately retail glass grew about 12%. And maybe a little bit more than that. But we had assumed, originally, that retail demand would grow 18%. So we had capacity in place for that. Second, in our models, for the prior 4 years, the 2010, '09, '08 and '07, the aggregate amount of square footage in the supply chain, in any one of those years, either grew 100 million square feet at a minimum or over 200 million square feet. We had anticipated the industry would build inventory again. It didn't. Not only did it not build, it actually declined. Those 2 things led to overcapacity in the glass industry by above 20%. That leaves the opportunity for our customers, who are always putting price pressure on us, to have a more effective way to do it when demand and supply and balance for glass gets out of whack by that greater amount. What I believe, Jim Flaws' opinion, what's going to happen is that we will not see the same precipitous drop in inventories going forward. Retail demand will grow, it may not be as great as what we'd all like, but we are going to be bringing the glass capacity in line, closer to end-demand, and that becomes a recipe for more moderate price declines. I cannot guarantee you that, that's our strategy, that's why we announced the 25% capacity offline in the fourth quarter.
James B. Flaws: So I don't have a perspective on the half of week of inventory. I mean we have done that saying, as that chart we showed, that we believe, over time, inventories will -- efficiency will continue to improve. We haven't gotten so specific to say we know that's exactly occurring in which quarter. In terms of pricing, we're basically done on price agreements with our customers with the exception of the one customer in Korea, so we're very far along.
James B. Flaws: I just won't speculate. I mean this obviously has been a very difficult situation. And my ability to forecast how quickly we can do it has obviously been proven wrong, so I won't speculate anymore on them.
James B. Flaws: I think I have to decline to be too specific on it. This customer remains taking quite a bit of glass from SCP, they're just well below the original agreement that we had with them. And as you know, the dynamics that I walked through with you, unfortunately in November and December, is we thought we had reached agreement with them and then they took the share back up and took it back down. And so I think it's inappropriate for me to comment on the exact numbers in it. But depending on the outcome, because the quarter 4 had so much variability in the months of October, November and December, there's a situation that we could see where the aggregate amount obviously is good, or it could get worse. And I just won't forecast it, and that's why I wanted to give you a range there.
James B. Flaws: Sure. We expect to get -- have a slight premium. As you know, the premium is fairly small but we expect to get it. From our eyes, we expect to get the premium because we think our product performs best. On the other hand, from our competition's eyes, they probably always want to be below us as a mechanism to try and do well with our customers. So we in general, expect to always have a slight price premium versus our competition.
James B. Flaws: A lot of questions. So in Beijing, we do have a commitment to operate the factory. The pace of when it starts and how much it does in a given quarter is not a commitment, but obviously we have a very important customer there, located right next to us. So we expect to supply glass to them from that facility. We're now forecasting the startup to be in the second half of 2012, we're actually shipping that customer from capacity in our other locations today, as they have begun their ramp-up of the Gen 8.5. In terms of the overall capacity situation, I think, as you know we have smaller tanks than our competition, and a lot of them. And what we basically do when we talk about capacity going offline is we try to get -- unless we think we're going to need it again in a very short period of time, we let the tank go cold. And the tank goes cold. We have a choice, do we repair it immediately or do we delay the repair, and that will depend on our outlook. In general, we by and large usually repair fairly quickly. You should think about the repair not being very expensive. It's just primarily rebuilding the refractory, swapping out the precious metals and putting in a new one and taking the old one out to be reformed. Neither that situation does not take a lot of time. And then once we decide to relight it, we have to heat up the tank. You can't go from basically the ambient air temperature to 2,300 degrees instantaneously, it takes a while because you don't want everything to crack. And so it takes a period of time to bring it up. But we can do that, it's not a significant issue in terms of timing. But I do want to emphasize, I mean, what we have done is said, we've taken this capacity offline, we don't have plans to bring a lot of this capacity back based on our outlook for the market and we're intending to stick to that for now.
James B. Flaws: So if the capacity was never used again, ever, then yes, there could be a potential write-off. There are 2 write-offs that occur, if a tank has not finished its life, there's a small amount of capital that has to be written off, because once you take it cold it's useless. You've seen that happen to us before. For example, in quarter 4 of 2008. I think you're asking more about a longer-term issue is if we never need some of these capacity again. Yes, there would be a write-off. I can't estimate it for you because I don't know which tanks would do. I will remind you that these tanks are very flexible tanks. Not only can we make LCD glass, we'll be able to make OLED glass. We can make Gorilla Glass and we can make photovoltaic glass in these. So in terms of saying that there will be a write-off of this capacity, it will be permanently never needed ever again. I'm just not sure that, that's an imminent decision that we're facing.
James B. Flaws: And in particular, I'll draw your attention to Gorilla, where we had very low utilization in this quarter, where we were -- basically, we expect Gorilla demand to grow, so we didn't turn the tanks off.
James B. Flaws: Okay. On the former Samsung agreement, as we've talked about before, the Samsung agreement expired, I think at the end of November last year. Embedded in that is a step down in the royalty rate. And we'll be talking some more about it at the IR Day. So I'd ask you to hold until that day because we do intend to address it then. So what leads to our belief around the potential to get back to more moderate price declines? It is all based on the fact that we believe the industry is correcting to get glass capacity more in line with what will be the demand. And when that occurs, we believe there's an opportunity for more moderate price declines. That is and had been the primary strength of why we had moderate price declines during those periods over the last 5 years. It is very obvious from our customers' perspective, they would love to have these price declines at this higher rate continue in perpetuity. And the tension is whether they have enough strength to force that upon the glassmaking industry or not. We believe that the capacity balance situation and competitive dynamics will ultimately lead to more moderate price declines. And our hope is that occurs as soon as quarter 2.
James B. Flaws: So I don't think we actually agree with your TV pricing data down. I don't have it right in front of me, but I think we think it was higher than that 5%. And we have never seen an exact correlation between pricing and retail and our pricing to us. But we think we've got right the end market growth for televisions. Obviously we do realize that even though consumer television is a fairly resistant purchase in tough times, there is the possibility of weakened economic fence. I mean if Europe goes into a serious recession, then maybe we could be wrong. But we think we've got it right. In fact, if anything, I think we got surprised a little bit on the upside in terms of units of television in the back half this past year. So we remain comfortable with our estimate. Obviously, we could be wrong.
James B. Flaws: So I would say, with what we know today, we believe that the gross margin has come down in Display. And we don't see a set of factors that would drive it back up. To drive it back up, what would have to occur is that we would have to have a period of time where price declines were very, very minor and then we ran our tanks full and then cost reduction exceeded price declines. Right now, I can't, in all candor, tell you that I see a set of conditions that will allow that to occur. So that's what's leading us to say, with this double quarter down, double digits, significant, cumulative, we think we have driven the margin of Display down. I will point out, it remains extraordinarily profitable, it's still our most profitable business, but that's why we're calling it a reset. I'd love to have a situation outlined that occurred that we get to a few quarters of no price declines. If that happens, then I can reverse my comment.
James B. Flaws: I'll just comment Simona that the operating expense of this business is pretty tiny to start with, so the moves that we can make in OpEx here are not going to overcome the gross margin declines from pricing.
James B. Flaws: What McKinsey said was over -- they can't forecast in perpetuity here. But they did say, they believed over the next 4 years that we could see, going down 1/2 week per year, obviously, with the potential always that the economy is much different, that could change. So if you think over 4 years, that knocks another 2 weeks off.
James B. Flaws: I'll have to let you talk to that competitor and see what their plans are in terms of running capacity or not building capacity. I'm just not going to comment on them. On the $10 billion, yes, I think the $10 billion is still possible. Obviously, Display will not be as strong as it was before. The flip side, Telecom is actually stronger than we originally expected and Environmental is stronger than we expected. So I still think it's possible. We'll probably talk some more about that next week. The mix will probably be different. But we certainly haven't given up on the goal. We do need some help. I think everybody forgot one of the assumptions we said on getting on our way to $10 billion is we can't have global a economic malaise. And so if Europe goes into recession, then I get more worried.
Kenneth Sofio: Nikos, for both SCP and the wholly-owned business they were around 15%, maybe a little north of there for the full year of 2011.
Kenneth Sofio: It's Ken, Steve. It's a corporate gross margin forecast. Clearly, we do expect some good margin performance in our other segments during the quarter and that's going to help offset some of the things you mentioned in your question in Display.
Kenneth Sofio: John, it's Ken. I want to recognize that we're past the market open and in respect of folks' time, we'll take one more call. But for those that are in the queue, Ann and I, we'll be in our offices right after the call, we can help answer your questions. But John, we'll take one more caller.
Kenneth Sofio: Thank you, Jim, and thank you all for joining us this morning. A playback of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. It's going to run until 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday, February 8. To listen, dial 800-475-6701. The access code is 233477. Audiocast obviously is available on the website during this time. And John, that concludes our call this morning. Please disconnect all lines.
