Wendell Weeks: So I think from our gross margins standpoint I mean, clearly, what’s happened to us in gross margin is really all about volume. We have lower volume in the back half than what we were expected and it’s going to take greater volume for us to recover that gross margin. But once that volume occurs then our gross margin is going to increase. And in terms of these innovations, specifically it depends on when those innovations come, but when they do come, they will come with incremental gross margin favorable gross margin for us.
Wendell Weeks: And then in terms of 2020 obviously, we’re not giving guidance for that. But the reason we chose compounded annual growth rates in our Strategy & Growth Framework is that we knew there would be times of economic headwinds like we’re experiencing now when we not likely to have that level of sales growth and there will be times when there's either really great adoption of our technology or economic tailwinds where that will be greater. So you really should think about those objectives just as we intended them to be which is over a four-year period.
Wendell Weeks: We’re not giving guidance on 2020 on today’s call. But clearly there have been macroeconomic headwinds that have impacted both the automotive market and appeared to beginning to impact the heavy-duty diesel market in North America. Of course at the same time in China there are new regulations that are going effect on heavy-duty diesel. So you have to factor that in an addition plus the adoption on the GPF continues to grow into 2020 because that’s actually when the regulations become in effect in China.
Wendell Weeks: So I think in terms of the pacing of the Gen 10.5 facilities you really need to go to each of the customers on what they are planning to do, but the important thing is we’re lockstep with them, and we're adjusting dollar pacing and consistent with what they're doing.
Wendell Weeks: Correct. I think the core of your question is really good in that if you haven’t changed your long-term end market view, as Tony just went through, then as you take a look at supply chain corrections where you grow in some periods, the supply chain grows faster than that end market and some period slower. So really, you're sort of asking exactly when does that correct and when does that growth rate accelerate. And I think in Tony's answer, you see that we do expect in the first half of 2020 right that to be above that in the back half of 2019. That being said, sort of the core of what we do is not to try to call sort of specific quarters and specific time periods around supply chain. It is a worthy exercise, but we tend to be focused more on that long-term market and to get our capacity in the appropriate spot to be able to serve our customers.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. In Optical, here's one of those that's a good example of having grown so much faster than the underlying market. As we entered this year, we would see a number of signals that the end market would be going down. And then - but at the same time, we saw adoption of our new technologies at some specific customers more than offsetting them sort of underlying heartbeat. And I think this probably led us to being able to believe as long as that continued, we could ride out this temporary dip in the end market for Optical without having much impact on us. That turned out not to be true as some specific customers who are adopting this strong tech changed some of their timing and capital plans. That being said, though it’s very hard to recall the exact timing by quarter or even by year, we remain more confident than ever that the fundamental drivers for the demand of our technology will become increasingly ascended. IG is going to take the wireless network for being a fiber poor network to a very fiber rich network. Our innovations in hyperscale are going to push that optical signal closer to the edge and use more of our product. So over the long-term, we see a set of demand that is higher for glass, because densification of networks is occurring that will lead to glassification. And if we do our job well, we will capture our unfair share of that.
Wendell Weeks: So let’s separate the two sort of questions. First is what we’re going to do around our capacity matching to demand both in macro and regionally. You are right that our tanks are modular and we always have available to us, that ability to manage the timing of when we bring up tanks. We have other tools that we frame to bear on managing our capacity as well to better match to particular customer demand in particular regions and we will do that. Overlaying all that though is just sort of the simple driver which is right now the gross margin pressures primarily being driven by volume, right? And as volume comes back as we look to the supply, we should see gross margins also come back and those are interrelated between capacity and demand right, because they just help you on how much leverage you have on that particular number. But the core of the piece here is I think if you come to a point of view on when you expect the supply chain correction to be done and when we expect volume to come back you will have a good idea of the timing of the improvement in gross margins sir.
Wendell Weeks: Not really, Wamsi. I mean, I think that from an overall standpoint there is a little bit of standpoint as you go throughout the year. But to build for Chinese New Year's a lot of that building has to happen in the fourth quarter. And so I think it's really – there is nothing really different I think this year with respect to kind of the end retail market. What is different is - what's happening in the supply chain and obviously going through a temporary supply chain correction in the back half of this year.
Wendell Weeks: That's an excellent question, Mr. Fox. I think, we're still early. I'd like to work our way through a little more time here and work through some of the changes that we're making to improve our ability to get better acuity on these items. Certainly, we see a lot of green shoots. If green shoots are taking in the form of incredibly strong interest in what it is, we can do in 5G and what it is we can do with hyperscale. That being said, we also see this as an industry different particular customer, sort of, working their way through their broad strategy their broad financial management challenges because at the core here is an investment strategy that are pretty significant decisions for them. So I’d like to get a little more time before we update you on that point of view if you don't mind, sir.
Wendell Weeks: So as exciting as this approval is and as necessary. We are still in the beginning of an industry that moves very thoughtfully for very good reason. So, I would say we should keep our expectations low and for the near term not having any significant impact on us. It is very confirmatory for our long-term revenue opportunities and our ability to really bring life-changing innovation to market. But from a financial modeling standpoint, I will continue to caution and say exercise greater strength at such time as we believe it becomes important to start modelling this end, we will articulate that.
Tony Tripeny: We could all be on the - it's a really good question and it will be the interaction of - we invest usually with very strong customer commitment and we need to put it in place ahead of the time when the demand comes on stream, and in almost all of our cases we're building bespoke proprietary equipment. So as those plants fill and as we work our way through those learning curves, we’ll see that leverage. We'll add as we go through the year, next year, put more information for folks that are trying to model all those to try to be helpful on how do we think about these new innovations as they become a bigger and bigger part of our revenue growth story over time. It’s a fair request.
Tony Tripeny: And on Valor I would expect us to continue to build momentum we are. The nature of that industry is one where confidentiality agreements abound. And so when we announce it is largely dependent on how on our customers want to handle that topic. They're interesting position because what we have on offer here is a superior packing, from both the patient safety and productivity standpoint, yet at the same time, for a long period of time this new ascendant technology will live side by side with the older technology. So what our customers have to work through as they manage through their change process in the customers, they don't want to be in a position of sort of which customers get the new technology, which can't be old and how all that works out. So everyone is better served until such time as we build up enough momentum that we build up enough capacity in a thoughtful way, we're working with regulators and our customers that this can be talked about in a more easy fashion.
Tony Tripeny: So you’re right. We're not going to give 2020 guidance, but I think the way that you should think about what happens is what’s really happening from a retail demand standpoint, because at the end of the day that’s what's going to drive this market. It's going to drive what's going to drive panel maker utilizations and it's not only just a number of TV sets that are being sold, but the size of those TV sets, and as both Wendell and I said, I mean, we haven't really changed our perspective on the market for the rest of the year for the full year. And in fact, things are coming a little bit better than what we originally expected. But equally maybe even more important than that is what's happening with TV sizes. 65-inch TVs are growing greater than 40% on a year-over-year basis and 75-inch TVs are growing greater than 60% on a year-over-year basis. So we believe in the fundamental drivers of what's happening in this business and what's really happening right now is caution with the panel makers in the supply chain with the set makers in the supply chain because of all the trade uncertainties and we think that gets itself work through the rest of this year and in the first half of next year volume's going to be better than the back half of this year.
Tony Tripeny: Steve, you got it exactly. I mean I think it's those things and - we think that the back half gross margin is going to be around 39% and I think you hit on the things that are trade-offs in that calculation.
Tony Tripeny: It always - it's essentially a net neutral. I mean, essentially what you are looking at is since we are taking actions and each of the businesses have their own dynamics as it comes to the sales numbers, but fundamentally we think we're in the same place where we were on September 16 which is the back half of 39%.
Tony Tripeny: Okay. In terms of the cash flow, let me start with that question. As I talked about in the July call, our operating cash flow is seasonal. I mean it is lower in the first half of the year and a stronger in the back half of the year. And what we talked about was the working capital build that we did in the first half of the year and the expectations that both operating cash flow would improve in the third quarter and inventory would come down or working capital would come down. And that's exactly what happened and that caused us to be positive from a free cash flow standpoint in the third quarter. And we expect that improvement to continue into the fourth quarter as we have further improvements in working capital. So, I think from a full year standpoint, we expect to be positive from a free cash flow standpoint. In terms of the investments and the way to think about that over a period of time, of course, a lot of those investments is, Jeff described on IR day, really depend on the customer commitments and the timing from a customer commitment standpoint. But that being said, we're not giving guidance on 2020, but I think given the environment we're in today, capital spending probably isn't going to be as high in 2020. But as you go out over time, it really is driven a lot by what happens from a customer commitment standpoint.
