Edward Schlesinger: Hi, Samik. I appreciate the question. So, I think we're going to go back to what we said a little bit as we shared our perspective on the second quarter. When we were together in May, I talked mostly about us not seeing an inflection in our order rates and that was driving how we saw the second quarter playing out. Normally, we would have a pretty big seasonal uptick in the second quarter relative to the first quarter. As it turned out, our orders were actually even lower than we thought at that time, and therefore, the second quarter came in down from the first quarter and we're guiding the third quarter to be down sequentially again, and that's primarily driven by what we're seeing in our order book. I think that's the best way for us to describe the way we see the optical market playing out versus what might happen in the future. For sure, as you hear and see in the industry, we're seeing it in both the carrier and the enterprise space, customers are pushing projects out into 2024.
Edward Schlesinger: Yeah. He, Mehdi, this is Ed. So, I think the way to think about it is we've been running closer to 20%, and we think of pre-pandemic closer to 30%, right? So, I think it's a big delta that seek to achieve. So not the end of 2019 levels, but more like the back half of 2018, maybe the front half of 2019 and maybe even earlier than that depending on how successful we are.
Edward Schlesinger: Yeah. Hey, Mehdi. So, I'll take that one also. So, a couple of things. Just a reminder, in that segment, you have you have Hemlock, our auto glass business and you have our Corning Pharmaceutical Technologies business, think Valor or Velocity. I think all of those businesses will grow their sales. So, I definitely think the level you're thinking about is very achievable for us. In Hemlock, we're currently working through additional capacity so that we can expand that business. There will be some capital spending, but I don't think you need to think of it as significant at this point.
Edward Schlesinger: Yeah. I'll take the first part of your question first, Wamsi. So, the main reason we are taking a price action is the point you're making. We are absorbing higher costs. We have elevated costs in this business and we expect the price to offset those costs. And I think about that as being the most significant driver of our profitability improvement as we go forward.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Sure. Thanks Matt. So, I would say on cash flow, a couple of things. Our goal is to improve our operating cash flow with the actions we're taking. We made a significant move from Q1 to Q2, as you articulated. And I think we have room to continue increase operating cash flow in the back half relative to what we did in the second quarter. And on capital, we've spent a good bit in the first half. We expect our full year to be slightly down from last year. So, I think you should also see a slight decline half-over-half on capital spending. So, I think the combination of improving operating cash flow and slightly less capital spending should mean the back half is stronger than what you saw in the second quarter. So, I definitely think there's room -- a meaningful room for improvement in the back half.
Edward Schlesinger: No. I mean, the thing I think that's most notable for us and we've talked about it over the last several quarters is we built a significant amount of inventory during the supply chain disruption period, and our goal is to work that down. I think the good news is we've made a little bit of progress in the first half on lower sales, which is hard to do. So, I think that's good. And we're going to continue to keep chipping away at that. So that should help us as well.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. So, Steve, I just want to make sure I understand. Can you repeat the first part of your question again? I wasn't 100% sure I followed it.
Edward Schlesinger: Got it. Yeah. I think I'm not sure we're necessarily signaling volume increase from the second quarter relative for the back half. Certainly, the first quarter was lower given panel maker utilization levels at really low levels in January. But when I think about the margin, net income margin improvement in the second half relative to say, second quarter, pricing is really the predominant driver that we see taking us there. And remember, it's offsetting costs that we're absorbing in our income statement.
Wendell Weeks: Well, I'll do both. I'll add a little to Ed's and then talk briefly about the lead cables. So, I think the way we think -- the right way to think about how we're approaching demand in our optical market is our historic models that we would normally use to predict future revenue streams from what we're experiencing in one quarter to be able to build out a year plan. And our direct customer inputs on their plans for the year haven't have proven to not be as reliable as we like. And so, what you're really seeing in our guide is really a shift in our operating philosophy, which is we're going to plan our operations based on what we see in our order book, and we're going to improve our productivity to historic rates based on that broad load and we're going to increase our prices and carry the appropriate inventory so that our profitability and cash flow is going to increase in a very reliable manner despite the lower sales volume. And so that's all you're really seeing in our guide. We're just carrying our operating philosophy forward to our guide. As to lead cables, make a complicated issue. The good news is, is the glass is entirely inert to the environment and is better, lower cost, all the things that make it the right side of the secular trend would mean that this is why it's an ascendant technology on really every metric you can name. But I have no further insight to offer on the lead cable problem or opportunity.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks for the question, Meta. I think you're right on all the dimensions, right? This price increase is a very significant and complicated strategy move that is done in a backdrop, as most of our businesses are on well-established long-term agreements. Yet, we are redoing the value proposition between ourselves and our customers. So, it's complicated. So, the good news is it's progressing well. Our customers understand our need to offset elevated cost. We expect to successfully execute a double-digit price increase in the third quarter and do so in a manner that does not negatively impact our market share. So…
Wendell Weeks: Can I ask a clarifying question? Are you speaking about Display or the broader company? Just so I can make sure I answer your questions specifically.
Wendell Weeks: When we start piling up more and more cash flow every quarter as we are aiming at. So that's improving in our profitability and cash flow even at this muted sales level, we want to see that first before we think deeply about our capital allocation model. As always, you can expect us to hold our shareholders near and dear in our heart. But the first step is we've got to restore that profitability and cash flow to our pre-pandemic levels even at these muted sales levels.
Wendell Weeks: I think we're not quite ready yet to discuss sort of the precise way in which we expect to expand our profit streams in Solar. So, what we're trying to do is to provide you some insight as to how much more income we expect in that segment and a rough idea of the timing of that without yet fully disclosing the details of our plan, to be able realize that expanded value footprint.
Wendell Weeks: I think that there's a lot going on in that segment. And you are right to think that a significant amount of the growth which we have outlined here and we've given in our sort of longer term what happens in a couple of years, is rolling out of our fundamental capabilities in Solar, because I think you're right to think about it that way.  I think concluding much more than that from the statement sort of runs the risk of -- you're not being exactly in line with what our strategic plan is. So, I'd ask for a little bit of patience, and it will be forthcoming in the not too distant future.
Wendell Weeks: I agree with that. I mean, the right way to think about it, Wamsi, is if you take a look at our quarter 2 results and it's a great example of why we need to increase our prices, right? So, then, there is -- this is a paradigm, new paradigm move. This is a significant enough, Wamsi, that. It's going to take a little time to settle into what this does to the overall dynamic in the industry. So, this type of significant move does represent a new paradigm for us. It is still going to be based on our same fundamental principles that unlike many of the other players of our competitors in this industry, we are the most reliable supplier. We are going to be able to continue to maintain our position in this business and be the technology leader. If you follow the space closely, you'll see significant announcements in the glass industry here actually capacity being taken out of the system because of the profitability challenges in glass. So, the core reason that we are the leader in this business is our reliability, the advantages inherent in our technology to play itself out in both cost advantage and product leadership. And those will still underpin the new paradigm, but it is a new pricing paradigm so.
Wendell Weeks: Well, what we've said here is that we expect, say, versus Q2 -- I'm sorry, Steve, do that again, how successful pricing is.
Wendell Weeks: So, our guide today is our guide today, Steve, it's a double-digit price increase. And when we get to the end of third quarter, I think it will be a little more evident where in double-digit that ended up being.
Wendell Weeks: The easiest way to think about this is that we'd expect our hyperscale revenue opportunity fundamentally to more than double for the same number of hyperscale data centers. And that is because of a combination the amount of interconnects required to do the AI/ML compute. It needs more glass within that data center. A lot more of it is happening within the data center, a lot of connections within the data center that are going out just because of the way those large language models are trained and then you do influence beyond with our new set of innovations adding to our content. And so that's the way we tend to think about it. How much more than doubling, remains to be seen on how successful. Our innovations continue to be and what ends up being sort of the final architectures as we work through a variety of different wiring diagrams here to be able deliver this new compute package.
Wendell Weeks: So, what we'll do is that's in our Enterprise segment, right, let us reflect a little given the size and scale of these changes and think through what is the right way to be helpful you to think about how that embeds in that piece of optical and how sizable is it. That's a good question, Josh. Let us reflect on that, and Ann will get back to you.
Wendell Weeks: Well, that happens daily. One way or the other. Pull aheads to -- I don't really need it then, I need it now, because they're executing pretty complicated civil works projects. We're not seeing beyond what we've already guided in our sort of order rates, sort of a new risk. The way maybe which you're getting at is that normally, we're working with our customers on what they're going to take like the entire next year, because it's such an important part of what they do, and we have to plan it. And that certainly has been strong variation between what they told us last year, right, and what they're taking this year. So, I think that's more of a play than to look through what is the fundamental heartbeat here rather than shifting delivery dates within any given quarter. It does happen, and it is what is behind sort of our operating shift to just plan based on what we're seeing in our order book as opposed to what our customers are telling us for the year or as what our own stochastic models are telling us. As to gray fiber optic cable, we're not seeing that be any sort of significant play here. It'd be unusual -- are you hearing some because if you're hearing something, I will check back with the optical folks, but it would be the first I've been hearing about that if it's any sort of significant number.
