Wendell Weeks: So as you heard in Ed's comments, what's good is that we originally started to see the recovery in quarter four. The pandemic shock sits in and sets in, in China, sort of we go backwards and that we expected that we would work our way through it and then start to see the recovery start again in quarter one. And that's what we saw in March. So we saw utilization start to climb.  We're seeing it continue to climb through this month. So as we're -- what we watch our -- what's actually happening with panel maker utilization, how are we seeing the dynamics play out between set makers and panel makers, it's looking to us like we're going to move beyond the recovery time, the correction time in this market and recovery is underway, and we'd expect to see that build in the coming quarters. That's the way it looks to us. That's the way it feels to us. That's what the data is telling us. But it's still early, right? So we're not coming out hard core and saying, yes, we're back to normal. We're not there yet. But we're seeing the trends all move in the right direction, Shannon.
Wendell Weeks: I think that the integration of the macro environment into our customers' business plans, continues at different rates in different industries. So I'd say by and large, people are speaking less robustly than they were 90 days ago. Has it changed our point of view much? Well, at the center, probably not so much. In our operating units, probably more.  I think the more -- the really interesting question is -- isn't so much when does sort of realization of what the broad economic outlook sets in, in all the different inventories, it's when does the reverse happen? Like when do we start to see those more robust signals that show us we're really moving beyond it. And I just haven't seen those yet. That's what I'm looking for. And as soon as we see them, we'll tell you, Wamsi.
Wendell Weeks: As always, as we fire these plants up, get a little bit of a drag as we fill them, but we've been able, because of the way -- because we prioritize protecting our people and our customers pre-pandemic, we ran at very high staffing levels and pretty high inventory levels. So we've been able, with our improvements in those things, to more than offset sort of the drag we've seen from opening up some of our new capacity. But very astute question. Yes, we do always get a drag before we get these things all the way filled up and all of our technology deployment. Very good [indiscernible] of getting productivity moving.
Wendell Weeks: George, what an outstanding question and what an interesting debate, right? So you've seen the amount of inventory is how much they put in the ground determines how fast they burn through their inventory and of course, supply chain folks really across the globe. since they couldn't get everything they needed for sure, over ordered and did all sorts of things, right? And as supply chain times start, that is certainly part of it. George, there's no question. And I could even -- if I was less cynical, right, I could even explain most of the change as being that.  But then I look on the other side, and I'm looking at the pace of the actual ground getting moved via actual data centers getting built, right? And in that, there's a little bit of a disconnect there for me too in that if I took my customer statements of their deployment goals and integrated that with inventory, then I'd say, yes, we have a very strong bounce back starting to feel it pretty soon. But we're still going to take a little bit more of a conservative view. So I don't know if any of that was helpful, George. You made an excellent point. You could be absolutely right. We're just going to play out a little bit more conservatively and not plan on sort of a big jump up in the back half, driven by the fact that inventory came in line with deployments.
Wendell Weeks: It's probably more fiber to the plan prem, okay? Though hyperscale's definitely slower, right? But it's more fiber to the prem as it's those great big civil works builds that just aren't moving fast enough yet for us to feel comfortable to call it a strong recovery in that business.  Now that being said, that can happen quick, right? That can happen quickly because they haven't come off their stated goals yet, but we're just not seeing it yet, George.
Wendell Weeks: And I think our visibility will help us improve as we get to the end of this month, beginning of next. We have pretty good visibility, but our negotiations really are still going on given the pretty sharp upward inflection we're seeing in customers' volume requests. So that dynamic is still sort of playing out, but should get pretty clear over the next week or two.
Wendell Weeks: I got it now. So it's not a jump up to glass ceramic. It's a pretty significant improvement at the glass level, and we're seeing really wide adoption but you're not seeing that fundamental very big jump in our value-add per device that you see from switching to a fundamentally new material set with very different manufacturing dynamics as well as drop dynamics.  So pretty significant improvement, but in the same glass material set doesn't have as much of a pop in terms of how much our sales revenue is profound as something like the Ceramic Shield.
Edward Schlesinger: Steve, this is Ed. I'll take that one. So maybe I'll start with the second quarter, and then I'll go to the second half. So as we think about the second quarter, in our guide, we're thinking about a significant improvement in Display. I think that's the primary driver. We're not expecting significant sales growth in other businesses. We specifically called out Optical, Life Sciences and Specialty Materials.  When you think about the second half, I think the first thing I'd start with is in Specialty Materials, we typically see customer product launches happen in the second half into business where usually our second half is higher than our first half. I think that's a dynamic that could play out.  And in our thoughts about the most likely case being the second half greater than the first half or greater than the second quarter, that's a place that I would expect to see growth.  I think additionally, Wendell described the Optical Communications situation very well, and we could certainly grow from first to second quarter levels in Optical Communications. Life Sciences, you could see a small increase. And then depending on how Display could play out, you could see growth there as well.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. And, Wamsi, you had asked about Display second quarter, what we've incorporated in our second quarter guide versus the prior year. So just a couple of thoughts. One, remember last year, the way Display played out is the first half was really strong. We started to see panel makers drop their utilization at the end of the second quarter, right? So Q3 and Q4, they ran at much lower rates. Q1 and Q2, they ran at much higher rates, right? And if you think about the way we typically do our guide, we always have a range of outcomes, right? So if I think about the second quarter this year for display, we think will run -- so now I'm going to go back to sequential for a second. We think panel makers will run sequentially higher in the second quarter than they did in the first quarter. And so it's possible they get to the same place as they did last year. That's certainly in the range of outcomes. I don't know that that's necessarily the most likely outcome.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. I think, James, price was slightly down in the quarter, and I think the way we think about favorable pricing in any given quarter can be slightly up, it could be flat, it could be slightly down. So I think it's generally in line with the way we were thinking about it.
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Asiya, I'm going to build a little bit on the way Wendell described the way we're thinking about sales and what could happen in the second quarter and the second half, right? I think there's certainly in a high-end case, yes, cash flow should follow our growth through the year. And if we grow at the higher end of the second quarter, and we continue to grow from there, yes, there's certainly a case to be made that, that would happen.  I think we're taking a little bit more moderate view of what might happen. So again, capital slightly down and free cash flow improving as sales improves, and just our normal cycling of cash flow, it's stronger in the second quarter and in the second half.
Edward Schlesinger: No update on stock repurchases. We'll just continue to remain opportunistic there. And maybe I'll make one other comment on your cash flow statement. As I think about inventory, we talked about a lot of the dynamics that have driven it up through 2022 with respect to a very challenging supply chain environment and inflation. And our goal is to continue to drive it down. And I think in Q1, it stayed relatively flat, down a little bit. But remember, sales were really low. So we actually feel really good about that.
Edward Schlesinger: Hi, Samik. Yes, I think you're certainly hitting on one of the areas that gives us a range of outcomes in the way we're thinking about the back half that is in specialty. Obviously, smartphone and PC IT demand remains relatively weak. I think it's possible that it's above the low end of the range. You articulated the sequential growth first -- second half over first half, but I don't know that I would say it's going to be at the high end of that range. We're not planning on growth levels at that -- growth at those levels.
Edward Schlesinger: Hi, Meta. Yes. So first, thanks for the question. And maybe I'll just sort of reiterate how we described our margin improvement and what sort of played out in Q1. And then I'll get to sort of what happens from here. So yes, we increased price. That's definitely a big driver of why margins went up.  We're also looking to improve our productivity ratios back to the Wave brand prior to the pandemic. We've made progress there that takes cost out, and we're certainly taking fixed cost out as well. So those drove our margins up sequentially on lower sales, which is very unnatural.  I think there is definitely an opportunity for us to continue to do that. We do expect sales to go up in the second quarter, but we do expect profitability to go up as well from there. So I think there's more room to run from where we are now. And we're going to continue to work on it. It's clearly a priority for us.
Edward Schlesinger: Thanks, Tim. So just to start with your first question. You're right. I think one of the key dynamics that we talk about all the time is glass supply-demand balance being key for pricing. So yes, we do manage our tank fleet in that respect. We will continue to do that and make sure that we manage our supply through that process.  That does impact profitability. That helps us going forward. I think a lot will have to do with how high the volume is in the quarter and how sort of all the dynamics play out.
