Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Corning’s quarter four 2021 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tony Tripeny, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer; and Ed Schlesinger, currently serving as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments related to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. For the fourth quarter, the largest differences between our GAAP and core results stem from non-cash mark-to-market gains associated with the company’s currency hedging contracts and non-cash impairment charges. With respect to mark-to-market adjustments, GAAP accounting requires earnings translation hedge contracts and foreign debt settling in future periods to be mark-to-market and recorded at current value at the end of each quarter, even though those contracts will not be settled in the current quarter. For us, this increased GAAP earnings in Q4 by $86 million. To be clear, this mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. Our currency hedges protect us economically from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and provide higher certainty for our earnings and cash flow, our ability to invest for growth and our future shareholder distributions. Our non-GAAP or core results provide additional transparency into operations by using constant currency rates aligned with the economics of our underlying transactions. We are very pleased with our hedging program and the economic certainty it provides. We have received more than $1.8 billion in cash under our hedge contracts since their inception more than 5 years ago. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. And now, I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Ann Nicholson: Thanks, Ed. Okay. Shannon, we are ready for the first question. And I ask that folks please try to keep it to one question, so we can get through as many as we can.
Ann Nicholson: Great. Thank you. Alright. Thank you all for joining us today. Before we close, I wanted to let everyone know that we will attend the SIG Analyst Annual Tech Conference on March 4th and Morgan Stanley Global Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on March 8th. We will also host management visits to investor offices in select cities. Finally, a web replay of today’s call will be available on our site starting later this morning. So, thank you all for joining us. Shannon, that concludes our call. Please disconnect all lines.
Wendell Weeks: So let’s deal with the pricing question first. So first, let’s pull out Display for a moment. We provide glass pricing guidance each and every quarter in Display. And you know that we expect the pricing environment to remain favorable. And you just received both what happened in quarter four, which was flat sequential pricing in Display and our guide for flat sequential pricing in quarter one as well. As you look at – let’s take now take all of our other segments, Opto, Life Sciences, auto and MCE. If we take them as a whole, we expect price to be up in total dollars year-over-year. Now each of the businesses is different. There is different types of contracts. And then within each of those, you have different customers and different positions. So it’s hard to reach a general statement. But I think as you think about it analytically, basically, we expect prices, as a whole, in those segments to go up. Turning to the $15 billion, I think always for us, that you should be thinking about it primarily as being driven by our growth. The way – the sort of construct that you heard from Tony is that if you’ve looked back at this past year, our – we had cost inflation much higher than a normal year of increasing input costs. And when we’re looking at the pricing is that we expect to share that more appropriately with our customers. And the price, together with our more robust cost reduction will put us in a position to offset the inflation we’ve already experienced as well as what we anticipate for 2022. That allows the volume growth to drop to the gross margin line with our normal sort of robustness and without any sort of friction costs driven by excess inflation. So that’s the way we tend to think about the $15 billion. That’s the way we think about price, cost and then how it turns into gross margin percentage gains as volume grows and the price actions take effect.
Wendell Weeks: The way we tend to think about it cycle-wise, is that first quarter will be the lowest amount of incremental price, then it builds as the year goes on, as more and more of the contracts and increased pricing go into effect and as it applies to more volume just following our normal sort of seasonal cycle in our businesses.
Wendell Weeks: It’s an excellent question. Like many things, when we wrestle with the issue of inflation, and we try to figure out how to deal with that problem, we learn things and we develop new tools. I would say that our customers have been very fair with us and they have been very favorable discussions. There is a good mutual understanding that we rely on each other. We are real partners. We tend not to be transactional with our customers. And our customers are transactional with us. So, the good news is those long-term nature of those relationships mean that each and every time we evolve that relationship, it tends to last. So, I think it all really depends on what happens with inflation going forward. The key thematic is that we will own our part with the type of rigorous cost reduction we normally do. But for these excess costs, this excess inflation, they have agreed to share that in a more appropriate fashion with us.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, Steve. Thanks, especially for the comments on Tony. I think when you think about specialty, you are just seeing the inverse of what you see this year in terms of margin. We are investing in new programs that are stealth in nature. As the spending has gone up, the investment has gone up as we begin to start to ramp some of those production assets, but they are not totally stable yet, and we are continuing to invest in the product technology. And what we expect is as we work our way through this year, those products will get introduced, they will start generating revenue, we will get more efficient in making them, and therefore, they will turn into profit – year-over-year profit gains as we work our way through 2022.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. I think more on the second half which is, as you know, tends to be relatively typical in mobile consumer electronics.
Wendell Weeks: So, it wasn’t so much – it’s really just a timing question. It wasn’t so much of what goes into effect exactly in Q4, who pushed against us and who did it. Really, it’s just – these are all long-term contract based. And the reason we have these long-term contracts is that our core value creation comes from us making product and having a high transformation value driven by our factories. And the key thing we need to do to drive that ROIC up and to give good streams of earnings to our investors is to make sure we de-risk that capital investment. So, the good news with that is that the way inflation works is that tends to put some dampening of the effective inflation on us because of our fixed cost structure being relatively high. But the downside is that those long-term contracts, you have to actually sit down and renegotiate them. So, what gives us confidence is we have renegotiated them and reached a formal agreement with our customers on this is what their pricing will be. So, it takes time to do that, to reach agreement, what is the appropriate sharing. But the good news is, once you reach agreement, you have agreement and then now we just execute. And that’s where we are. Now we are not close with everybody. There is more to do, and that’s another reason that some of it builds through the year.
Wendell Weeks: Like as you point out, I won’t comment on our specific backlog by product line, but as you point out, if we could make more, we could sell more. And that’s why we announced the capacity expansions that we did last year. And we expect those to ramp as the year goes on. With each of those capacity expansions, we need to have in place long-term commitments from our customers. And we have those and that is ramping. So, the real bottleneck isn’t resin, isn’t raw materials, isn’t labor. It is just us being able to get into place capacity that is more appropriately balanced to the demand that we are experiencing.
Wendell Weeks: One of interesting dynamics that Ann could maybe sit down with you on afterwards Rod, is from a modeling standpoint. When we did the Hemlock transaction, as you heard from Jeff, we really stood on the semiconductor business, but we picked up all of those solar capabilities that really is an option with that, with inventory that we also had is solar grade. And so just through this year, we sold down a hunk of that inventory, which generated cash nicely. And then now you are really seeing new solar grade poly sign being made by us with the start-up that you are talking about. So, when you work through the modeling, let’s have – and sit down to provide a little bit of help on just sort of how that worked.
Wendell Weeks: We don’t see a significant inventory sort of overhang for our product. One of the reason is that our demand supply was tight for that product to begin with as we work our way through the year and our content strategy has put a good amount of strain on our ability to supply. So, in general, if you had a point of view on when chips started to come back for auto and as auto production scaled, we would expect to roughly follow that timing.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I think the short answer to that is, for sure, we think that margins will expand in this business for all the reasons that Wendell just explained I mean. First, we are taking pricing actions here that’s where a lot of our long-term supply agreements are and those will roll out through the year. And then secondly, when you combine it with the volume increase that we expect, so yes, we expect our margins to increase. And in terms of AT&T, obviously, they are a very important customer for us, and we continue to see the benefits from that relationship.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I mean, it’s – Martin, I mean it’s clearly going to roll out at different times at different pace by customers. We would expect to see some of it start kicking-in in Q1 and then accelerate from there. What we would expect to have happen is Q1 being our lowest quarter from a gross margin standpoint. And then when you add the sales volume increase that we expect, as we described how those dynamics work, we would expect gross margin to expand from there throughout the year.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I mean, I think that if you look back over the last several years, it’s actually been a pretty significant improvement in ROIC. And it was clearly one of our focuses, both on the original strategy and capital allocation framework. But if you go back to what we talked about in 2019, it was a very specific commitment to get to at least above 10% level, which I am really proud of the fact that we accomplished that in 2021, especially when you think about the challenges from a pandemic standpoint. But for sure, continuing to expand ROIC, which is kind of the ultimate measure of profitability is a real focus area for us. And so that also remains a high priority from a financial management standpoint.
Tony Tripeny: No, I think that’s exactly right. I mean our expectations for the year really haven’t changed. They are pretty well in line from a unit standpoint with what third-party people in the industry are looking at. And the screen size, we are very confident in. I mean, 1.5 inch has been pretty consistent for a very long period of time. And when you look at the growth above 65 inches TVs over the last year, it just confirms that 1.5 inch. We feel very confident about that.
Tony Tripeny: Well, for sure, Rod, our approach from a buyback standpoint is first, we generate very strong operating cash flow. And our first priority is to invest that in our business and our growth and sustained leadership. And then obviously, once we have done that, we want to return the cash to shareholders. As Ed mentioned, we have increased the dividend in 2021, and we expect to increase the dividend in 2022. And then we will be opportunistic on buybacks. And we saw Q4 as a really great opportunity to buy back shares where the stock price was, and we will continue to pursue buybacks on an opportunistic basis.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. I would add, John, that we expect to grow, as we have shared with you and expand our margins, and we gave you our capital guidance. So, we certainly are focused on ROIC and expect it to continue to be important for us as we go forward.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Sorry, Asiya with regard to the start-up costs that you mentioned, that was primarily in Hemlock, and that’s actually a pretty exciting thing for us. As you know, when we did the transaction around Hemlock, in September of 2020, it was primarily based on the semiconductor market, and we looked at solar as an option. That solar appears to be materializing, and we have signed long-term contracts, and that’s where the start-up costs came from.
Ed Schlesinger: Rod, we are not specifically giving guidance, but what I would say is we have signed a number of long-term multiyear agreements. We received cash upfront, their take-or-pay agreements. So, we are highly confident that we will be able to fill the capacity that we have coming online. So, you will see that expand through the year in 2022.
