James Flaws: It obviously depends on whether the higher price declines continue all year long. So you can do the math as well as I can. I mean, you can make that case, but I emphasize again we believe that price declines will return to more moderate levels in Q2 and beyond.
James Flaws: We believe that specialty materials results, first in Q4 were weaker than our original expectations, because of touch on notebook missed our goal. Everything else was in line with what we expected. We believe we’ve been dealing with this supply chain issue that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2012 all year long. We think we’re done with that.  We do not feel we are losing market share to other aluminosilicate high performance glasses in any material amount. We do at lower end, items compete with soda lime, and we have yet to see any evidence of sapphire on any devices. So again, the performance last year we attribute to this carryover of a large amount of square feet in the supply chain and then second, the fact that touch on notebooks did not grow against our expectations. 
James Flaws: I said that TV area growth grew 10% last year, and that area growth this year could approach that number.
James Flaws: I want to be careful about commenting too much on our competitors, but I will draw your attention to the fact that after we put these agreements in, we announced them in October of 2012, we had a period of time where moderate price declines happened quarter after quarter.  We obviously can never know for sure what our competitors are doing and why, but as I outlined in my prepared comments, we suspect that they may have had a compression issue that they had to deal with between some of their customers, and that may have led them to make this larger decline in this quarter.  I can’t comment beyond that on our competitors’ motivations and what they’re intending to do. I can only point you to the fact that basically in the four quarters prior, of 2013, we had moderate price declines. 
James Flaws: Let me talk about capex. We had previously given guidance for 2014 of $1.3 billion. The lower spending in 2013 will not add to that. So the only thing that would add to it is CPM, which I think we’ve told you before would be about $200 million. So our guidance is $1.5 billion for 2014. There’s no carryover that’s going to affect and drive the number up, because we underspent last year. As far as growth prospects going forward, I’d like to just reserve on that, because in about 10 days’ time, you’ll have an opportunity to see what we’re talking about in terms of growth. And actually, the whole theme of our investor relations day is about growing the company.  We, as I said in my opening remarks, feel like we’ve achieved our primary objective over the past year, which was to stop going down and start growing up. We’ve done that. But the key to us growing further is going to grow sales, and that will be a theme of the day, and we hope you’ll be able to attend. 
James Flaws: The numbers overall are pretty accurate. And you’re not going to get much of it in Q1. I would say you take the amount we gave you and then divide it by three quarters. Q2 would probably be a little less than that, and then Q3 and Q4 will be in full bloom on that. And the CFO of the display sector yesterday that he’s prepared to report out on synergies to investors as we go along, he’s so confident. So we’ll be able to do that for you.
James Flaws: Sure, we’re still backing what we said in October, that we believe we can drive the fully diluted EPS for the company up 20% this year.
James Flaws: On antimicrobial, we believe it enhances the results of Gorilla. We have not detailed yet the pricing of it, and the impact, but we believe it will enhance it. The key for us is obviously getting our first customer on a mobile device. We have our first customer, as we showed at CES, already, which is Steelcase, which are using it on their little LCD panels they have for offices. But we need to get a cell phone. But we believe it will be an enhancer over time, and we’re quite delighted by that. Relative to television demand, we think ultra high definition will be a driver of replacement rate, but the pace of it we’re a little unsure of right now. We think it’s important. Curved TVs, it’s perhaps a little bit in the eye of the beholder. For some people, I think that that will be a reason that they would want to purchase a new television. For us, it doesn’t make any difference. The glass in the curved large televisions is the same as our normal glass. But again, at our IR day, we’re going to talk about how we see the replacement rate and the impact on the growth in televisions going forward. I would say that our observation is, ultra high definition is going to ultimately be a big driver of replacement rate, but the pace at which it happens is a little unclear to us now.
James Flaws: I guess it’s a lot of all of the above. Touch on notebooks has not grown as rapidly as we had hoped, and I think as the industry hopes. The detachables clearly have not turned out to be a very big part of the market. So that’s been a disappointment. Our own forecasts are that it will grow this upcoming year.  And then the other thing that we’re experiencing, particular to us, on particularly low-end clamshell notebooks, is we’re having to compete with soda lime. This is not with other aluminosilicate glasses. And that’s clearly a challenge for us, and we’re working on a solution to it. But I think overall the biggest thrust of this has been the disappointing take rate of touch on notebooks by consumers. 
James Flaws: We do not feel LG10 is a significant competitor at all. Our observation, obviously based on publicly available data and looking from outside the gate, is that the second tank is not lit and is likely to be a year later than they originally planned. 
James Flaws: There’s always things going on in our tax rate that we get some benefits, some things that may not repeat the next year, but I’m going to be addressing the tax rate in more detail at the IR event, so I’ll try to answer it more specifically then.
James Flaws: There’s fundamentally more opportunity to improve the gross margin. One of the most exciting things I think about the acquisition of CPM is that we have traditionally made some of our Gorilla Glass on some of our older tanks, and as you know, CPM had some low-cost tanks that were available, so Gorilla can be made there. So we clearly think we can improve margins on Gorilla going forward.
James Flaws: The $338 million you’re referring to is our GAAP numbers. That’s where the FX hedge has to be. Remember, what we did with core earnings is we do it flat at the 93.5 yen exchange rate. Our hedge really, because the yen has moved up so much, we actually have a big gain on the hedge that we have to mark to market. You’ll see fluctuations on that. We do that in the GAAP. So that’s what’s in the GAAP numbers. You’ve got to look at the other income and expense under core. But in core, we actually had some other income, other expense, as we call that line. We did have some favorable items in that this quarter. Principally, it was a settlement that we reached on an intellectual property dispute in China, and I think we outlined some of the details of that back in November.
James Flaws: First, we don’t have these contracts at all our customers. We only have them at several. The way the contracts work, which is what we talked about back in the fall of 2012, is that at the end of the quarter, and I really mean the end of the quarter, our customers who have these contracts are required to tell us what the price that they got from competitors, through a mechanism at that customer. When they do that, then that becomes potentially our price under this contract. And we have chosen to operate that way with these contracts and renew them. So that’s how it happens. So it happens literally at the end of the quarter. Relative to the level that we’re seeing this upcoming quarter, I would say it’s probably about double what we’ve been seeing. 
James Flaws: No, it’s very specific. The price at the customers who have this contract, it is set by this relationship at that customer.
James Flaws: Relative to NEG, the announcement on Friday of them building melting capacity, it’s our understanding from the public statements as well as what we’ve seen in analyst’s reports, that they’re going to be adding capacity, which is similar in size to what they added in Korea. The public statements and also what has been reported by analysts is similar to what they did in Korea, that they’ll be taking Japanese capacity offline and transferring equipment.  We don’t believe this new capacity, based on what we’ve seen, shows up in China for I think 2015 and 2016. And we think it’s similar in size, as I said, to Korea. So we’re not anticipating much impact of this short term. We believe that NEG would have been supplying China from their Japanese capacity and then as this new capacity comes up, obviously with transferred equipment, that some of the Japanese capacity goes down.  It’s pretty obvious to us that NEG, over the last few years, has moved from being an all-Japan model to having dispersed their capacity closer to their customers and perhaps away from earthquake zones. So it seems rational to us. 
James Flaws: I don’t have much information right now about NBT. If you come to the investor day, you can talk to Jim Steiner. He can give you an update on how it’s going. I think overall the year, touch on notebook was 11%. I think in the fourth quarter we estimated it was at 13%.
James Flaws: We have not commented on the number of customers. It occurred at the customers we have the contracts with. In terms of the incentive, I can’t really comment on motivations by our competitors. The one that you talk about is obviously something that could have occurred, but I can’t know for sure what our competitors are doing and why.
James Flaws: I’ll deal with the latter first. Sporting events do provide some increase in the television markets. We have seen that historically with World Cups, as well as Summer Olympics. One issue that we see is that often the impact on television consumption is higher, but less than what investors want it to be. We expect to see a similar phenomenon for the World Cup that occurs in the middle of this year. I don’t have the PC demand with me, but we think tablets are providing, I think, most of the growth for this year, and that we’ve got, I think the notebooks, we have relatively flat.
James Flaws: My confidence is medium about the IT, but I would hope you come to the IR day, and you can talk to the guys running the business. They’ll explain why they came up with the number.
James Flaws: If you go back a couple of years, we would have said 17 weeks was high. But we believe the comment that you’re making about the number of additional panel sizes has led people to carry more. So what we’ve developed is, over the past year, we think 17 is acceptable. In terms of the cycle of the weeks, remember, the weeks the way we do it is forward-looking, always. So as we get to the square footage of glass and look at quarter two, at the end of quarter one, the number will climb, simply because Q2 goes lower. So you always have to look at the two things in combination, the absolute inventory and the weeks, based on the forward-looking. But we feel pretty good about the inventory levels right now.
