James B. Flaws: Well, we have seen an increase in utilization in Korea already. So that's where the biggest reduction was in Q3, and we think that they've now increased and obviously have the capability of getting televisions to retail around the world for the holiday season. And as a reminder, in the U.S., television demand remains strong in January and February, driven, in some cases, by things like the Super Bowl. So we believe we are starting to see that. I can't say for sure that people won't drive inventory lower, but it definitely feels like there has been a response upward now after these cutbacks in Q3.
James B. Flaws: That's a great question, Amir. We've actually commissioned a project to determine, as this industry moves into maturity, whether, in fact, it can run without creating out-of-stocks at a lower level of inventory. There are some reason to think that in developed markets. On the other hand, we know the supply chain is actually longer to the less developed areas of the world where, of course, LCDs are now showing up in significant proportion. So we'll have a more definitive answer in quarter 1. I think our expectation is it's unlikely that we'll ever leap back up to the 17-week kind of level. We're hopeful that we can stay in the 13- to 14-week level. If we just stabilize there, then we could see this retail demand flow through to us as glassmakers, and that'd be great.
James B. Flaws: It's very hard for us to give you a percentage in growth. We do expect significant growth next year. We continue to have a smartphone area. More people are putting Gorilla on phones. We're not experiencing competition as we go to get on a new phone. It happens. People don't change glass on a phone mid-model. They do it when there's a new model. So for the year next year, we're expecting growth in volume terms. It's a little harder for us to predict quarter by quarter because we have no reliable inventory information in this business. And also because it's such a new business, our customers actually have manufacturing losses as they finish the glass to put it into phones or tablets, and we think they've been improving their yields, and that is having some impact on our demand right now. Our last comment would be that one of the other things that we have is we do have a mixture of selling glass as well as selling finished parts. We don't sell finished parts to that many people. We do to some, and that's an area where in the fourth quarter, we're seeing lower part demand, and that's really customer-specific.
James B. Flaws: Well, I'll take the latter one first, on price cuts. You know, over the last 5 years, we've had several periods where price declines were stronger in a given quarter, and then they return to be at a lower level. That's obviously our hope. I can't guarantee that, but I can demonstrate to you that there have been -- this is the fourth time, but there have been 3 times before that over the last 5 years where there was a period of time when panel utilization was down, there was obviously excess glass demand that led to bigger price declines. We obviously don't want to give up our market position, and then after that, the price declines went to the more moderate level. I can't guarantee that, but that's really what has happened in the past. Relative to the economy, I'm actually not an economist, but clearly, what the high percentage growth you've seen in television so far this year, as you can see, we're not expecting that to be, when you get to the holiday season, it will have the same percentages. But we do expect them to be up. We have historically seen, by and large, consumers continue to spend money in consumer electronics in tough times. In fact, last year in U.S., an example, in television, demand was weak. We're not sure that it was really the economy so much as the industry got it wrong and trying to force a lot of high-priced product on them. So we've seen historically that consumer electronics has been a good demand even in tough times, and so we're not counting on that. We do think television manufacturers will continue to fine-tune their offerings, perhaps to be more on the lower end, but as a reminder from us, from a glass point of view, we're happy to sell the same amount of glass in a low-end 40-inch television as a high-end 40-inch television. In terms of smartphones and tablets, we think they're likely to remain a viable purchase. In tough times, people back away from cars. They back away from homes. They back away from going out to dinner. They do go to movies. So we're not sure. But maybe the panel makers are right. Maybe they're seeing something that we're not, but I think that we -- we think most of the reduction has been around inventory, and when you don't make much money, you don't want to take much inventory risk.
James B. Flaws: Well, obviously, there's a point of recovery on television's experience this year. First of all, Sony did not put them on as many models as we expected. And second of all, we haven't got any other manufacturer to move ahead on this. That being said, Corning is kind of a stubborn or impatient company. We actually believe frameless designs will become more successful, and we hope that Gorilla will be part of that. We think as television manufacturers figure out a way to make the picture go closer to the edge of the screen, that they in fact will be likely to adapt more of a frameless design. And we think there's technologies that could enable that to happen. So it's been a disappointment. Investors probably shouldn't count on a lot of help from TV cover for Gorilla this year or next, but we're long-term players, and we think it definitely could be an opportunity going forward.
James B. Flaws: We haven't experienced that yet. We definitely have rebuilt our inventories to be, what we call, normal level. We obviously now have excess glass capacity, and, I mean, we try to limit our own glass capacity closer to end demand. But obviously, we're going to retain some flexibility, so should our customers crank up suddenly, we can try to respond to them. But we, right now, are not planning on carrying excess inventory.
James B. Flaws: Well, obviously, Gorilla's not going to hit our original estimate, so we are throttling back manufacturing Gorilla because we're obviously not above $800 million this year. So we had capacity to do that, but we don't have the demand. Obviously, the biggest miss is TV cover, so we are throttling back some of that manufacturing, and that's going to be a drag in Q4.
James B. Flaws: I wouldn't relate the pricing pressure at all to the weeks in inventory in supply chain. I just want to remind you what the weeks we're talking about. We're talking about the combination of panel inventory, set assembly inventories and retail inventories as we measure in that total in square foot equivalents against retail demand. So we don't think that really has much impact on pricing. Where it has an impact on pricing is not the absolute level, it's when panel makers are trying to reduce inventory. They're obviously selling more than what they're buying from us. Therefore, that's a period of time when they try to appeal for higher price cuts. And clearly, the glass industry in total have built capacity around the growth this year, as I indicated in my remarks, to get up to potentially service 3.7 billion square feet. Clearly, there's enough glass capacity to do that. So it's when you have a combination of more glass capacity than demand, and that is accentuated when the panel makers are cutting inventory that you get more price pressure.
James B. Flaws: We don't measure the supply chain other than -- when we say the supply chain, we're measuring what is glass embedded in panels out of panel maker, what is glass embedded in finished sets out of set assembly level and what is glass embedded in televisions at a retail level.
James B. Flaws: We did not institute any pricing in Q3. Our pricing was as we had expected. It wasn't 35%. It was 30%, I believe, and we were above 20%. So I'll just say that in the end, from what we thought when we got Labor Day, what our customers finally took was a little bit more, but there was no special action on our part to make that happen.
James B. Flaws: Nikos, we're pretty confident it's not competition. We're very hard-pressed to actually find a competitive device that actually has any of our competitors' glass in it, except for one earlier this year, when we couldn't supply everybody. We're not feeling them in terms of when we go into competition with somebody and price pressure, so we're pretty confident against competition. What we have less visibility on is the amount of inventory. People thought how rapidly they're improving their yields, which were quite low initially, and that may be having an impact on us. So we think those things probably are having more impact on us than any competition is. And we're also struggling a little bit with mix from our customers. Some customers have not been as successful as others, and that's had some impact on us against our expectations. So clearly, those customers did build some inventory.
James B. Flaws: Well, I won't comment on our competition and what they're doing. I'll just say, as I did in my earlier commentary, we've experienced periods in the past where we've had a combination of where glass demand has been weaker, whether that's from retail, but usually it's from panel makers wanting to cut the amount of inventory they have and glass capacity in the industry being greater than that, and that's often the opportunity where we see more price declines. We then reduce our price premium over our competition, and we've moved back to more normal price declines. As I said earlier, I can't guarantee that's going to happen, but clearly, that's what we want to happen, and that's what's happened in the past. We intend to price to maintain our position. We're not the price leaders, but we intend to price to maintain our position.
James B. Flaws: I think it's going to be quite good, but I'm not prepared to give out a number this year. I mean, we'll probably talk about it at our investor meeting in February.
James B. Flaws: So I would say in Q4, we would think that the glass demand will be the highest, slightly higher than it was in Q2. And that hasn't always been the case in this industry. Clearly, China is very important. The holidays in China, as you know, are more difficult to gauge because even though some of them fall exactly on the same date every year, sometimes, they move around. But also, what's really happened in China is the promotions around holidays have expanded. So it's made it a little more difficult to say -- well, tell exactly during this period of time. But time definitely, China's becoming more important. It's one of the reasons why we're investing in China, particularly around our supply to BOE. They're starting to ramp the Gen 8.5. And China is an important part of our mix going forward, and we expect it to provide quite a bit of growth. Regarding pricing, I'm sorry. I have to disappoint you. I'm not going to quantify it. But I will just say in quarter 4, it will be up significantly over quarters 1, 2 and 3.
James B. Flaws: Well AvanStrate has always produced quality glass. They just have not been that large a player in terms of capacity nor that much of an upsetter to the industry in terms of significant price moves or asset additions. But basically, they have been -- they can make glass for all generations, including Gen 8. LG Chem, we haven't experienced at all. We know they've started melting glass in, I think, May or June, and we have not felt them at all. We know that they have made a few pieces that they provided to panel makers. We'd love to get a piece to test, but we don't believe they're making quantities of good glass at all.
James B. Flaws: Well, we would say that the challenge is pretty great for them. They're using the float technology, which only one of our competitors uses. We're well down the cost curve, and they're just getting in for the first time. And the product requirements keep getting higher, for example, going to thin. The glass keeps getting thinner. And so it's not -- they made this decision to get into the business 3 years ago, so the product line has changed. And our customers' requirements continue to ramp up also. For example, the recent announcement of Lotus for OLEDs. Clearly, our customers want a higher temperature-capable glass, so we'd say the barriers remain very steep, and we'll see if they can mount them, but it's not our chief worry in life.
James B. Flaws: We're delighted with our Lotus introduction. We have a glass that Samsung is qualified to use in their small generation OLEDs. They remain effectively the world's only volume producer of OLEDs. We are at work at providing a glass for OLED production in larger formats. We are looking to improve our glass for use in TFT oxide production capability. We have a customer who wants to use Eagle XG for that, and we're working to improve the thermal characteristics of that. So as always, we've heard it said before, we're fundamentally arms merchants, and we will make a glass that will meet our customers' needs. If, in fact, someone's going to go to only one piece of glass, we'll have to deal with that. We don't expect that to be the case. We have some information that some of our large OLED televisions that are being shown this week in Asia, again, they're still using 2 pieces of glass. And so I think this remains a hope for some people that they can go to one piece of glass. It's not clear to us that they'll get the performance nor the cost because the cost of glass continues to go down at a very rapid rate. So we're alert to it, but I think our Lotus development is exactly what we expect to continue to do, and so as people try to move to Gen 8 OLEDs, we'll have a product for them. And we think in the end, we'll be able to prove that glasses can be the second piece in the product, but we obviously got to make that happen, and that's what we're working on.
James B. Flaws: Well, I think that's speculation. I mean, we know what history was, and we know that we will be assertive about maintaining our market position, but I'm not going to speculate on the quarters going forward. I think our job is to deliver a product to our customers that helps them by being better, improving their processes. We will be price-competitive, but I can't -- I'm not going to make speculation about where the industry is going, going forward.
James B. Flaws: Well, we think Telecom is in a very good position. Obviously, you know it remains it's a capital spending decision by our customers, so they always can change. But we think our innovation has really paid off, and we're quite confident about the Fiber-to-the-Home projects. Our technology in Enterprise has been a winner. And clearly, the world needs more fiber, and a lot of that is driven by -- data usage is up, wireless is up and the very strong demand for fiber. So I won't say that it will improve, but our own plans show good growth for Telecom over the next few years.
James B. Flaws: Yes, I believe that our operating margin in this business will be strong. The products that are -- have seen the most demand are higher-margin mix. So I think our operating margins in Telecom will remain strong.
James B. Flaws: There definitely are capacity constraints, and we are spending some capital in Telecom for the first time in, basically, 10 years.
James B. Flaws: No, we're completing the tank that we designed specifically for this. We still remain hopeful that we will have a customer committed to it. We think the overall developments in the solar industry actually put more reason why someone should turn to using thin film, using a glass that raises their efficiency. And we continue to believe our glass will do that. We've had some exciting new developments in terms of the progress we're making on making -- on proving our glass is good for our customers and their efficiency, and so we're continuing to move ahead with it. We might be wrong, but we're continuing to move ahead, and I think we still remain hopeful for next year.
James B. Flaws: I'd say there's greater interest in us using some of our excess cash flow to supplement our growth in Telecom and Life Sciences, and we're trying to do that. We obviously want to spend the money wisely, but we definitely have that as a higher priority.
James B. Flaws: We don't have a good metric on exactly how long the supply chain is yet for Gorilla, so it's hard for me to judge. I will say that we believe we shipped a little bit more in September as a result of the Chinese holiday and, therefore, the shutdown of production. So that may be part of it. But we just don't have a good model yet like we do in Display about exactly how much inventory yields with our customers and how much inventory they're carrying.
James B. Flaws: So fiber has definitely been tight for most of this year, so that's definitely the case in terms of lead times expanding. We do not believe it goes to double ordering, though.
James B. Flaws: So what we'd say is that, first of all, we continue to see good acceptance of thin by our customers. As a reminder, our customers have to change their process a little to take thin glass, so it's not as easy as when we just make a composition change. But we're continuing to see that move ahead. It is in our plans and I think in most of the industry plans, that over the next 4 year period of time, the thin moves up well over half of the glass being taken. I think all the glassmaking industry has taken this into account in planning their incremental glass additions. We think the glass industry will be slowing its glass capacity additions quite a bit, and you should expect to see that reflect in our numbers, and that wouldn't surprise me if we saw it in the entire industry. So I think the industry is preparing for this. I don't think the pace is going to come as a surprise to many people.
