Wendell Weeks: As the tariffs are currently outlined, because none of those taken effect yet but as they are currently outlined, we just don’t think its going to have much impact across our businesses. One of the things we look closely at was in television sets and as we take a look at that, really the supply chain, more than half of it’s driven out of Mexico. So we just don't feel a lot of near-term impact out of the tariffs. We'll keep you posted. We'll watch it closely, but so far so good.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. I think from an overall standpoint, Joseph, in the first quarter our enterprises business grew about 10% and our carrier business grew about 8%. So similar growth rates between those two businesses, clearly for us, the North America market is very important and that's where we're seeing a lot of the growth from a carrier standpoint. But I think on a global basis, there is growth that’s also pretty significant in China. We don't experience it as much in North America, but that is – we're seeing growth in both places. 
Wendell Weeks: Sure. I would be happy to do that. It's really three major things that the first major item is in the Display business. Both the combination of the ramp of the Hefei facility and then demand in the back half as the back half is seasonally stronger than the first half, drives probably the largest part of that step up. The second area is in Optical Communications. And again, as we bring capacity online there for committed demand, we expect to see sales growth to receive both at the top line and then at gross margin. And then the final area is in Specialty Materials where as we've talked about the back half with the various product launches, it's going to be much stronger than the first half. And then we're also introducing our next generation of Corning Gorilla Glass. And that both of the impacts is positively from a sales and a gross margin standpoint. So clearly, you see it in both lines as we go roughly from $2.5 billion sales in the first quarter to closer to $3 billion in sales in the back half and gross margin from 40% to over 42%.
Wendell Weeks: I think you have got the question framed right. As we have presented it, we've always anticipated a relatively mature smartphone market. But we believe we could still double our revenue over the next several years due to the value of our new innovations. What are really comes out if you step really back from a technically is, if you look at the trends of smartphones, you've seen a tremendous need for increased RF transparency, increased optical functionality, when you start to take a look at things from facial recognition, sensing and number of different areas in that area uses the device as an image enhancer. So all these different things drive towards our core capabilities around a three core technologies in four manufacturing and engineering platforms, if you link it with a terrific customer relationships we have. And that's what is giving us the confidence that we can continue to innovate and increase our revenue per device or even if the industry itself is relatively mature. So it really comes down to technical accomplishments lighting up with technical trends, calling the exact timing of that is never easy. But we really encouraged by the interaction that we're having and you've seen that happen over the last couple of years already with our increasing revenue per device being driven by our new innovations.
Wendell Weeks: So you’re right, we have new products in the pipeline some of which the market is aware of, some of it they are not. Let me give you a great example of one that everybody is aware of. When we first laid out the strategy, what we said is we believe we’ll going to be on a trend increasingly towards all glass exposures because the need for RF transparency, wireless charging, et cetera. So now a trend that everybody can see is you are seeing double-sided glass, right. I think that it is therefore easy to assume that like over time, you can begin to imagine all glass exposures. And that stuff that you can see. There's also stuff that we haven't sell that you can’t see, right. So we combine all those various things get with the goal of that we have are so far so good on progress on these innovation sets as these smartphone devices become more functional and the way to think about it is different ways in which they start to interact with the world outside of the phone is going to drive you in the area of optical physics strengths and our strengths to be able to still do very reliable materials that are transparent in a variety of different ways.
Wendell Weeks: Thanks, great question. It's both. That I don't know where we are in public announcement so far on manufacturing but I think it is – I think it is reasonable for investors to expect that we're going to see buildup of manufacturing capability for exteriors in Gorilla Glass, right. Of that exact timing, where the location is, how that's going to be integrated to take advantage of existing glazing capabilities, because all the stuff that we're really still working through. One of areas where you should also look to increasing manufacturing capacity reflecting additional wins, it would be reasonable to expect with the very high value added interior products we're introducing, which go beyond the pure glass. That we should be relatively soon having to capacitate the value add piece of that manufacture – the manufacturing of the parts. We're doing the optical treatments, being able for these parts to take form. Both of those things.  As we win more, we're going to have to move beyond sort of the supply chain that we have to develop customers as they now turn into customers who want commercial production and we start to drive real revenues in our automotive efforts. Those real revenues are getting closer and closer. So it's reasonable for you to expect we're going to start talking about how we're going to capacity to fill those and those are all in our plant.
Wendell Weeks: I don’t know what our competitors are doing exactly, but we're closed on our contract in Korea. And all of our closed contract pricing in Korea is reflected in the guidance and the comments that Tony just made.
Wendell Weeks: Great. Now let’s turn to foldable. As you know, we've been working closely with our customers on foldable displays for a very long time. The first the display part then the cover part. So in the display part, that's one of the reasons we fired up our glasses to help enable polyimide OLED displays. As you know, that uses more glass than an active matrix LCD and our share is very high. So to the extent that people use more of the polyimide OLED that's a small, but positive impact on us and it's small because the size is small. Now let's deal with the cover. So we're obviously highly engaged in any effort that needs a transparent and durable cover. The great dilemma is that to make a compelling form factor, you need to have very tight bend radius. If not, you're better off just with who thin and large phones are today. To make one that folds that thin tends to take you to materials that are not highly durable. This problem is yet to be effectively solved, right? We can make foldable displays, but they tend not to be that compelling versus what you can have today. And if we try to make a very compelling form factor, they tend not to be durable enough.  This doesn't mean that customers won't try and introduce some foldable products that aren't really durable, right? This happens a lot of times in the new technology area. But we're a long way from having really compelling product here. We'll continue to work on inventing something that can help enable this vision. We've been working on it. It's our problem. Our customers and others are going to work on this problem. But in the end, I think a really compelling product is going to need a highly durable, reliable material that is transparent and that tends to bring it towards our field over time. That is probably more than you wanted to know. Did I answer your question.
Wendell Weeks: Sure, we’d be happy to do that. Yes, from what we have seen so far is that we – especially significant growth in the North America and also in the China markets and I think North America on a year-to-date basis in units has grown about 6%, in China about 8%. And so that feels really good.  And I think it's reflective of what happened in panel prices over the last three quarters actually showing up in TV prices. So, good underlying demand there. The one area that hasn't been as strong is in Western Europe, but we think that that's going to change with the World Cup in the second quarter. We think it is likely that is going to change. But at the end of the day, the two biggest markets are China and the United States. So that feels really good.  The other thing to keep in mind of course is that from a glass standpoint, what really matters to us and where we see the growth is how big those TVs are. And the screen size continues to grow. And that's what's really driving most of our growth going forward. And as we think about the market into 2019 and beyond it is some underlying unit growth for a lot of screen size growth that drives that market.
Tony Tripeny: No, I think its demand as we get to the new product introduction is a big part of it. How much it ends up being will depend on the adoption of some of our technologies. But clearly we're – a lot of it’s driven by underlying demand and then also we feel very good about the introduction of our next generation of Gorilla Glass.
Tony Tripeny: And Mehdi, on the shareholder and distribution question, if you recall we introduced our strategy in capital allocation framework, we committed to returning greater than $12.5 billion to shareholders. The first thing is we would increase the dividend by at least 10% a year and in February the board approved a 16% increase and in fact our dividends up 50% since we originally introduced the framework. In addition to that, we said we will be opportunistic on stock buybacks and in total we've returned about $10 billion since we introduced the framework and a lot of those stock buybacks happened in the first couple of years where we're taking advantage of the fact that the stock was lower than [indiscernible] real value because investors didn’t understand the total level of growth that we have. And so we are on track to return more than $12.5 billion and we feel very good about that commitment.
Tony Tripeny: Yeah, I think if you remember Wamsi, the back half of last year is when we entered the year-over-year single digit price declines, and that's is true in the first quarter and the second quarter. And what we're going to reach in the back half of the year is the mid-single declines. And again, we can't be more excited about this. This is the best pricing environment in a decade. And I think really reflects what we've been saying for a long time relative to supply and demand being balanced, where our competitors are from a profitability standpoint. And then if you're going to continue to invest in this business like you have to, you have to get returns on that. So from an overall standpoint, we're very happy from pricing, and I'm not going to make any comments relative to competitors.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. James, we're doing great against the target. I mean, we've had very significant growth last year, and we're expecting 10% growth this year. And we continue growing at that level and add on the acquisition that we've already announced of 3M business, we get very close to the $5 billion. So I think from this point forward, we think that this is going to come from the strong underlying position that we have in this very significantly growing optical business.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. I was wondering, if you can give us some sense on the year-on-year price decline in LCD glass. I appreciate your comments about it trending much better than prior years. But did we start the year mid-single-digit decline? Or was it more of a higher number than that? And we're also hearing of some increased pricing pressure coming from one of your competitors at one of the Korean customers as we've seen in the past. Just wondering if you had any takes on that? And I have a quick follow-up.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks Wendell and thank, Tony. And if I could just follow-up. There is some talk of potentially in North America an LCD panel plant in Wisconsin potentially may be getting announced later in the year. Would Corning be open to building a glass melting facility? And would you require the same sort of economic agreements or maybe split of economics as Hefei plant as you think about incremental investments? And Wendell, if I could just sneak in one more. Longer term can you just address your portfolio roadmap to address foldable phones that seem to be coming over the next two years? Thank you so much.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes absolutely. Less durable also means accelerated replacement cycles, which people might but now thank you for color, appreciate it.
