Wendell Weeks: So, let’s start with your first question on Gorilla and auto. We’re not quite ready to give insight onto how much revenues we’d expect next year in Gorilla and auto. What I will say is we’ve already got awarded business for hundreds of millions of dollars spread out over time to same platforms. How that timing breaks down, what our ability to supply will be relative to demand, all those things are things we’re working through. So, we’re not quite ready to cycle that and figure out exactly when that’s going to be delivered for each vehicle platform. We’re going to try to get there as we work through the end of this year, so we could be helpful to you going into next year.
Wendell Weeks: We really don’t need everything to continue to improve and improve. What we need to do is just have rate of decline to continue to slow. As long as that rate of decline continues to slow, our productivity will more than offset those price declines. So, that’s what we are aiming for.
Wendell Weeks: I’ll take the first one and Tony can address the second. So, we mitigate our risk with these investments a number of different ways, and it really depends on the business and the customer relationships. Sometimes, we actually insist that the customer fund or put their money by our side in our capital. That significantly mitigates our shareholders’ exposure to any overcapacity risk. Another way we do it is long-term contracts with firm levels of revenue commitment; sometimes those are very public, sometimes they are not. The best example of this would be what you saw from Verizon with their long-term commitment to revenue from us for $1 billion to help underpin that investment in fiber and cable. And we have all sorts of variations really in between. Our core philosophy here is since what do is so important to our customers, we want to do it in tandem with them. Now, that doesn’t mean that our customers are always right and that the demand always comes in as we both anticipate, but it does mean that we’re sharing the risk in an equitable way that allows us to provide our unique products and ability to supply to help make their vision for they are trying to deliver in their business model, possible.
Wendell Weeks: So, you are correct in that, Gorilla Glass pricing trends have been very good. And what’s causing that has been a really strong cycles of innovation from us. And those innovations are yielding much better products. And customers value those products more and are willing to give us a higher price for them. So, you are noticing, in the numbers that fundamental strategy playing out. I’m sorry, but I’m not willing at this time to give you specific guidance on Gorilla Glass 6 pricing. That will be between us and our customers and some here shortly. [Ph] But, I think you are correct on the overall trends out.
Wendell Weeks: Let me adjust the first one and I’ll leave the second one for Tony. So, what’s happening to us is as we’ve shared previously is the demand for our innovations in auto glass interiors has surprised us in a positive direction. So, as a result, at this point in time, we are having a difficult time keeping up with what our customers want us to do. So, if we could have had this plant six months earlier be up and running, we would have it full. So, we expect the utilization to run pretty high. I think, it’s just worth pausing here a moment, though, so you understand what type of capacity this is. You shouldn’t think of this as melting capacity. We don’t need to add any Gorilla Glass manufacturing capacity to facilitate our entry into the automotive class market. We plan to meet all that demand with our continued productivity improvements on the fusion platform for today’s Gorilla Glass business as well as display. What this plant is going to do is going to be applying some of our vapor deposition technology to be able do advanced optical treatments; it’s going to be able to do shaping of the product; it’s going to be able to do the declaration of the product, cutting it exactly the right way, so with the value add parts on top of it. So, as a result of that you’re not going to see a typical utilization effects you’d be used to thinking about in a big time class factory. The capital intensity of this is much less. So, that’s what this capacity is. Is that responsive to your question, Rod. 
Wendell Weeks: That’s an excellent question. We have noticed some of those trends that you’re outlining. But they just haven’t been around long enough for us to be able to say with a high degree of confidence that we see a strong improvement in visibility. That’s mainly fact as you know just tends to be in which quarter we actually tend to see the sale. So, it doesn’t really impact us from a long-term financial standpoint, but it certainly is valuable from an operational standpoint. So, more to come on this topic. If this continues, then, I think your logic is very sound, but it needs to continue further for us to establish good, strong, mathematical modeling and conclusions.
Wendell Weeks: And just to build on that. I think, one of the main things that people can lose sight of is, in the end what really matters is how many television sets people buy and how much is sold through the whole system. And we’ve certainly been in a cycle where the panel market went from incredibly high utilization and rising prices and then, I think that probably caused television demand to be a little suppressed from where we want to be. Now, we’re moving to another cycle that you’re seeing with display panel prices having fallen, now flowing through to the end customer. And I think this ebb and flow will continue to work its way out. We really like to sell through data we’re seeing. And of course we would hope that panel prices will continue to stabilize and improve over time and that in turn of course that the glass supply and demand dynamics continue to work towards the path of us improving our pricing performance year-by-year. So, that’s sort of the way we take a look at industry overall.
Wendell Weeks: So, first let’s do OLED, and then, we will do flexible. So, as you know, we made pretty significant amount of innovation efforts to put us in the spot to be a very strong supplier into the polyimide OLED market. For those of you on the call who don’t know, even though the polyimide OLED isn’t made of glass, to make it, you consume a lot of glass. Actually you consume more glass than is consumed in making a display of the same size using active-matrix LCD technology. And it’s special glass, it’s glass we develop for that application. So, with that being said, that I think is what we predicted, I think, quite accurately. We could see that becoming -- even though it’s a small market, a significant force from Mobile Consumer Electronics devices. What has been in the press really now for a number of years and it’s been hyped for a number of years is the idea of a truly flexible device, which is in flexible display. And what the idea is, could we basically make something small that then you could fold it out and it becomes something big. And that therefore, you could fit more display area in a smaller volume area. So, that has real interest. We’ve been engaged for a number of years in trying to solve some those really hard technical problems to be able to make a product that bends to very tight bend radius but at the same time, when something is dropped on it or experiences any sort of sharp event, it doesn’t damage easily or scratch easily. These two things in terms of material science tend to push opposite from one another, and it’s been the core of our innovation of this. I think that ultimately, if foldables are going to be important, we are going to need to solve that problem for the cover. We are already -- there are still problems to solve in the display, but ultimately we have to solve that problem. I don’t think it’s solved yet. So, I think some of the first devices you’ll see to try to market out will be products that are compromising on durability in one direction or the other. But, I think, it’s just the stage of the thread. I think people will want to introduce it to get a feel for will consumers really get interested in it, can they make even a form factor that’s compelling. These are really big questions. But, at the core, we still don’t yet -- we haven’t yet seen the cover material out of any material that combines all the required attributes for this to become a significant device. But, it takes a good amount of effort on our part. We’re still working on it. We are working closely with our Mobile Consumer Electronics customers. They really want us to invent something, but we’re still on it. Sorry for the long answer. 
Tony Tripeny: Maybe let me take your question on display pricing. We feel really good about display pricing and the trends that we’ve seen. It is the best pricing we’ve seen in more than a decade. And we do expect -- we expect to hit the important milestone in mid-single-digit year-over-year declines in the third quarter. And we think that improvement trend continues into 2019. There is really three reasons for that. I mean, the first, we have supply and demand in balance or even tight from a glass maker standpoint. Secondly, our competitors face profitability challenges at current pricing levels. Therefore, we expect their price declines will slow further as they try to remain profitable. And then, the third item is LCD glass manufacturing requires ongoing investments. And to generate acceptable returns on those investments, glass pricing will need to improve further. So, overall, we feel very good about where we are.
Tony Tripeny: And I think from a going forward basis, Steve, I think the important thing to keep in mind is, is that we’re going through a period where we’re seeing growth in all of our market-access platforms. And the good news is that that growth is showing up right now. As Wendell said, the infection point is today. And our second half revenue is going to be annualized at closer to $12 billion as opposed to the first half closer to $10 billion. So, we’re seeing very significant growth in the payoffs, are really happening in the near term. As we look forward, of course we’re going to continue to invest where that growth is. I think the probabilities of all of our market-access platforms growing at the same time is probably less than what we’ve experienced right now. And on top of it, whatever that investment, it is going to be on a much bigger than what were even six months ago. So, as we look for both of those things, I think we feel pretty good about how we think about that on a going forward basis.
Tony Tripeny: No. There is no change in the gross margin expectation for the back half. We feel very good about bringing the capacity on and the expansion that we’re going to see versus what we’ve performed in the last three quarters. In terms -- from the panel maker standpoint, demand and what at the end of the what really matters here is the retail demand. And the retail demand has been very strong. As we mentioned, viewing area was up over 20% on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter. And then, we’re seeing indications from panel makers that they are buying panels to prepare for what is really the big season, which is in the fourth quarter and that that’s happening right now. So, we expect panel maker utilizations to stay about where they have been in the first half of the year and that’s going to translate to a strong glass demand. And then, we expect the market to be up in the mid single digits from a glass standpoint. And of course, we will grow faster than that because of the ramp of the Gen 10.5 factory at BOE.
Tony Tripeny: And Rod on the RD&E, there really isn’t a change there. We expect to spend about the same amount in the second half as we spent in the first half. The actual spending always depends a little bit on pacing of projects. But, the amount that we’re guiding is in the normal range that we’ve been guiding for a while.
Tony Tripeny: George, I think, it’s important to realize that what we’re all about in display is stabilizing the profitability in that business. And we do that with continued what we’re seeing from a pricing standpoint. As Wendell, we don’t need any further pricing improvements than where we are today. But, with that along with volume growth, along with our manufacturing improvements, we’re all about getting that bottom line to essentially be the same, and that’s what our objective is. And that also means that sales will be about the same. And so, once we get to that point, the operating margin will be about where it is today. But, obviously, that’s a significant improvement over the last few years, but we’ve seen that decline for several years where we’ve seen significant decline in display profitability.
Tony Tripeny: I think, James, it’s important to note that we have more than a year to go in our current Framework. And so, what we’re really focused on is delivering our four-year plan. The good news is all of our existing business, especially Display is generating strong operating cash flow and we expect that to continue. The other piece of good news is we have multiple large opportunities for growth in all of our market-access platforms. So, we’re going to continue to invest in those opportunities, especially those because they generate attractive return on invested capital to our shareholders. And as has been our practice is that anything beyond that, we’re going to return to our shareholders. So, that’s how we think about it going forward. But, in terms of specifics and how things are going to look beyond 2019, we are just going to wait until we get closer to the end of the current plan, before we share the next set of specifics.
Tony Tripeny: Wamsi, I think, it’s been quite simulative and it’s been very strong from the retail demand standpoint. Glass viewing area was over 20% in the first half of the year and we expect it to continue to be very strong in the second half of the year. That’s why we’re quite confident that the glass market will grow mid single digits on a year-over-year basis and we’ll grow faster than that because of the ramp of our BOE Gen 10.5 factory.
