Wendell Weeks: No, I think that’s accurate. The new material acceptance criteria in automotive are quite stringent, so the first piece you look for is adoption amongst early adopters who then prove it out all the way to the materials testing system, which now you have seen, hence the award for BMW and Innovation Award. And then what happens next is car company after car company qualifies it a macro and then you turn into platform-by-platform. So it just takes a while in auto, but the good news is the surface area is really high too, so it’s worth being a little bit patient and working through the system.
Wendell Weeks: So GG4, when we roll it out, you will see a very dramatic improvement in its damage resistance. And then the question will be will our customers choose to spend that dramatic improvement on improved drop performance for the same thickness or will they choose as they have every other time to go dramatically thinner and keep about the same drop performance. We haven’t seen that be adjudicated at all the different customers that we have engaged with yet, so it’s still a little too early to call which direction they go. No matter what, it’s a step change above GG3 and widens the gap pretty significantly versus any competitive offering.
Wendell Weeks: So we are feeling it and feeling it very positively and it’s why we see our full year revenue to be up greater than 10% for us in Optical. Fiber-to-the-Home is a big part of that. Enterprise, specifically data centers are also part of that, as well as our Wireless business. But what we are seeing is that the dialogue has shifted from whether or not to do Fiber-to-the-Home, to when are we going to end up doing Fiber-to-the-Home. And so that piece that you are picking up, we are beginning to actually see in network planning, and of course in this year we are seeing it in orders.
Wendell Weeks: And I think what’s smart about the combined piece of your question is that what we see is the introduction of ultra-high def also tends to push up screen size as well, because the experience is even better the bigger you go. And it also tends to be given the brand’s pricing strategies that their introductory plans tend to be on the larger TVs.
Wendell Weeks: Well, we have talked pretty extensively about sapphire. I mean, I think it is first important to put it in context. So, sapphire is not a new material. We have made a lot of sapphire. And we have made a lot of Gorilla. So, we can do either. We could be in either media and do just fine. We have chosen to invest more strongly in Gorilla. The reason that even though sapphire is a legitimate choice as a cover glass, it’s not a new choice, it’s been out there for a while and there is under single-digit sort of millions of phones that use it. You have about 3 billion phones that use Gorilla. And the reason is this why customers care about is more than just scratch. So, sapphire is superior from the scratch standpoint, but customers also care about battery life and Gorilla Glass transmits more light. So, therefore, it uses less battery power, but they don’t want their phone to break when they drop it and sapphire tends to be more brittle. So, Gorilla’s drop performance is better. People care about value and Gorilla is about one-tenth the cost of sapphire. And people care about how heavy it is and Gorilla Glass is about 40% lighter than sapphire. And some people care about how green the product is and sapphire uses about 100 times more energy than glass to produce. So as we put that whole balance together, we would rather invest the bulk of our innovation portfolio in covers into continuing to improve Gorilla Glass. We just think it’s a better technical bet, even though sapphire remains a valid choice and a material that we will continue to watch closely and continue to make decisions about.
Wendell Weeks: Well, I think as we just step back and take a look at the quarter we just went through, you see a lot of what our roadmap has been, what we hope continues to be which is you are seeing revenue up, you are seeing margin percent up year-over-year, you are seeing very balanced growth with Display providing a significant look as well as at Environmental and our other businesses. Then we got a whole great set of new products that we are going to be rolling out here over the coming quarters. One, wireless is doing great, just put it Texas Aggie Stadium, so that’s going terrific. Gorilla Glass 4, you heard Jim talk about, gas particulate filters. In Environmental, we are going to have a new high-performance display glass in the coming quarter. And then really a new life science product that we believe we should be rolling out over the coming three to four quarters that has a dramatic ability to create a big business for us. And then cash flow is really strong and our balance sheet is a powerhouse. So if we can continue to follow this roadmap through the coming quarters, I think we are going to feel pretty good, Steve.
Wendell Weeks: And I can see how different people get to different numbers in their Gorilla models. The reason is that Gorilla, our share is quite high especially among branded. And that you have a pretty complicated supply chain and it doesn’t take much of a change one way or another to impact that sequential number. I think the key things to take away from Gorilla are that we are going to be up year-over-year. Our sequential is a little bit harder to call. We think it will be down some sequentially primarily because the highest R-Squared we have see has been around major new product launches and we don’t see any major new ones happening in quarter four, some small ones but not some major new ones and that’s what’s really behind our guidance if that makes any sense.
Wendell Weeks: Well, I don’t think we have hit a wall. Brian, I mean I think where we are at is its Gorilla Glass margins are better than the corporate average which we have got a nice corporate average as you would note, so it already starts out good. I think where we need to see as we go forward will be just that interaction between the pricing and how does our cost structure look on GG4 and how well we do on utilization. So, I don’t think we have hit a wall. I think we have ability to improve, but we still need to get a few more pieces of the puzzle in place to be able to give a definitive answer to you.
Wendell Weeks: Yes, I think the right way to think, I will just echo one of Jim’s comments is the right way to think about Gorilla for us is that we are going to create the capacity through productivity to be able to service these markets both the ability to decrease thinness, to continue to improve that in display as well as improve it in Gorilla. And so the risk profile we are looking for is to take market development risk without taking capital risk, because we are creating that capacity basically for free. And that’s the profile that we are looking for and those are the shots on goal that we are looking for, if that makes sense to you.
Jim Flaws: And Rod talking about the regions for Television, as you mentioned, North America has been very strong and we are expecting that to continue both in unit and area growth. Europe actually has been a pleasant surprise all year long and it wasn’t just the World Cup, but embedded in our expectations is it’s the lowest region for us in terms of television unit growth in the last quarter of the year, I guess Japan is equally low. And – but we are looking for North America, China and Latin America to be strong. Latin America, we believe rebounds after the – and it was a little – couple of months where the television growth was much lower, actually negative after the World Cup, but that’s kind of our – how our balance goes.
Jim Flaws: We expect to be just about right on the 20% volume growth. As we did talk about at the beginning of the year, we did have a significant step-down in pricing. And then remember, there are things other than Gorilla in Specialty Materials. There is our semiconductor stepper lens business, which has a little bit of an impact on the numbers. But fundamentally, we expect volume growth for Gorilla to be about 20%. And unfortunately the big step down in prices in Q1 shoot-up a large portion of that.
Jim Flaws: I would be happy to address the pricing commentary. Right now, we don’t see anything in the industry that would indicate that there should be a big step down in quarter one. Things are going away with the combination of our customers’ profitability, panel prices, supply demand being in balance, as we have noted before our competition financial results are quite poor and we are three quarters now in the mission of price declines getting less each quarter. So we are feeling quite good about the price up in quarter one and for 2015. Obviously, I can’t guarantee that, but I think we see the industry structure and the trends being favorable for pricing next year, and that’s obviously our – one of our key goals is to get price declines back and stay that back at a moderate level.
Jim Flaws: Well, ultra-high def is – we have been, I think generally slightly below what the industry has said although the numbers this year are slightly beating our expectations. I am not sure what you are referring to on the 3%. We have talked about the average size increasing 3% next year, which would be a little over an inch. And as you know, we have actually twice this year had to raise our estimate of average size, but I think that’s the 3% you are referring to.
Jim Flaws: So, we haven’t given official guidance yet on volume for Gorilla next year. We do expect Gorilla volume to grow, but I am not giving an official number next year. Obviously, we think phones will be up and the key question for us is the growth in tablets. And so we want to see how well tablets finish up this year and then we will give you a volume estimate when we get to our quarter four call. On pricing, I think there is no way at this point in time to tell you what normality is in Gorilla. I mean, we do expect price declines every year. We expect excellent cost reduction. It’s still a very new product and we are continuing to make progress there. What I have said is we are not expecting a repeat of the major down we had in Q1 of 2014. Now, turning to glass, we are – we haven’t given our official estimate for next year. I don’t know if we will get quite to the 10% growth although we continue to be surprised by television both in units and size, but we are looking for the glass market to be up significantly again certainly upper single-digits is very possible. Whether it gets to 10% or not, I can’t tell at this stage. Price declines were under 4% and to answer your question what gets it back to two, we haven’t seen two, absolute two for quite a while, but we think the trends in the industry are continuing to drive us to keep going down on the amount of this quarterly sequential price declines. And that’s again the combination of things I mentioned earlier with the overall health of the supply chain and the health of our customers, our competitors’ weakening financials, so we believe we will continue to edge down a little bit every quarter. Obviously, we would be delighted as I am sure you would if it suddenly went to 2.0.
Jim Flaws: We are very focused on finishing up the year and emphasizing the 93 that we have this year. We have been very, quite transparent about our hedges. The yen has had a lot of volatility in this most recent three months. And so we decided it would have made the more sense to just finish out the year with the 93 emphasizing that and then make a final decision to potentially enter next year.
Jim Flaws: So, actually it’s the opposite. Quarter four volumes, with the exception of 2012, when most of that ended up in inventory actually do go down. I don’t think we are at a point of calling it that we have enough history to say it’s a seasonality thing. The volumes in Gorilla tend to be driven by product launches. Customers build for that and we believe the down in quarter four is because of the large launch and large amount that we ship. That has happened in many quarter fours. That’s why people tend to think about it as normal seasonality, but it really relates to the impact of model launches and how fast people build them. Sometimes they happen, the launches, on a more spread out period of time. This was a very concentrated one in the back part of quarter three.
Jim Flaws: I won’t comment anymore on the pricing. You will have to wait till November 20, launch date of Gorilla 4, but I will say that it is I think reasonable that we have growth in Specialty Materials revenue netting the volume growth and the pricing.
Jim Flaws: Yes, in the absence of the yen suddenly going back into the lower 90s, we are pretty confident that our core rate will be moving up from 93. This has been I think known by investors in the market for quite a period of time. So with the yen currently at 108, we feel very good about the hedges we put in place.
Jim Flaws: I don’t – on the gross margin I don’t think we came in weaker than our own expectations. So it may be weaker than what some analysts expected. On the 10%, it’s a combination of the robust demand we saw at retail and the World Cup didn’t seem to have a pull forward than a significant drop off. And second, it is related to the average size. I think we told you in our July call that we moved our average size up. Generally, we do this only twice a year and actually we have raised our average size again and that’s based on historical experience that we have seen at retail in quarter three. And we think looking forward, I haven’t – we hadn’t seen all the pricing for the holiday season yet, but it looks like the price on large televisions is going to be excellent for consumers and that plays into how we moved the average size up. So on the size it’s both historical as well as forward-looking based on price.
Jim Flaws: So Gorilla Glass volume will get down and that’s the primary reason why we are talking about Specialty Materials sales going down sequentially. Gorilla Glass volume was up sequentially Q3 versus Q2 which obviously drove Specialty Materials up. Relative to the tablet market, we are shipping glass for new product launches. And the key question in our mind is how well do they do at retail. Obviously, we are like everybody else, since we are not selling to the consumers directly, we rely on both our customers and trying to get retail data, but I can’t tell you that we are shipping increased amounts of tablet glass.
Jim Flaws: I think that the volume drop off is reasonably consistent with the Specialty Materials sales number in terms of a percent. It’s…
Jim Flaws: So the holiday sales were just a hair weaker than our expectations. We often have quite lower expectations than the industry. But we – two things that we were happy about is one, it looks to us like the size of televisions sold during that were higher than we expected. And very importantly, in fact we are just talking – when we are talking to our leader of the display business yesterday and they have completed their inventory checks post holiday period of time and feel that the inventory in China on television is just in very good shape. So, just a slight unit miss versus our expectation, size better and inventories look okay.
Jim Flaws: Overall, we fell into the ‘16. For this quarter, we have just closed, now remember, that’s a forward-looking statement and it always drives off quarter four is a big retail quarter. So, even though absolute inventories and supply chain went up, the weeks drop because of the look of the big pull-through of the holidays. Our own estimate is we will finish quarter four with weeks in inventory just edging into the 17 level, which we think is very good for the supply chain and doesn’t signal any kind of problems.
Jim Flaws: So, we are not planning to build any tanks for Gorilla for auto for a period of time. You remember one of the great benefits of CPM acquisition is that we got idle tanks. And as one of our large customers in Korea continues to move to thin, we are going to generate more capacity. The margin profile will be different on this, because it will have extensive finishing and we haven’t decided how that finishing will be done, whether we do it or it’s done in conjunction with a partner, but you shouldn’t be looking at the gross margins to be the same on Gorilla in auto as what you have in consumer electronics. Nevertheless, we expect it to be a profitable product and we are not having to put assets in front of the mill.
