Wendell Weeks: Our visibility for strong growth is relatively high. And that is because what we do is we take the wiring diagram for some of these brand-new data centers that are getting put in place and we're building that that customized system they'll use to connect. So we've been working on most of these products versus the core components for the last few years directly with those customers from what they'll need then we start to actually put it all together to be drop ship at exactly the right day for them. So in a way, we're already beginning to build some of their network needs well ahead of when they will install them. So we have pretty good visibility on that. So far, what's driving the out performance is that the word of mouth on our product has been very positive. And other folks who we haven't been consistently working with over this time period have come to us to help them solve some of the challenges. And so as a result, we're picking up new customers for us into this new ecosystem that is building around putting together these back in network. So far, what we're seeing is most of our variance has been upside variance if that helps you at all.
Wendell Weeks: So the competitive moats that we're trying to build here is driven around us doing a new-to-the-world fiber cable and connectivity system. And we're really the only person in the world who can put that all together. And strength of that moat will reflect directly on these new super high-density systems that we're putting in place, where you should think about it almost like Moore's Law, where we’re doubling the amount of light guides within the same volume area, geometric volume area. And while increasing the performance of the componentry. There's very few people who can do this and the way we're doing it to increase the optical performance is protected intellectual properties. So we believe our competitive advantages will increase in this segment.
Wendell Weeks: Well, to your first question, it is both in carrier and enterprise. But the majority is coming out of the enterprise piece as you see the fundamental change in compute-driven by Gen AI and its related networking requirements. And we can come back to that if you want. Lumen, let's just start with sizing, when we say 10% of our global fiber capacity, I think the way you can think about it, it's -- you won't be far off as you size it. If you just take your sort of expected view of what our total revenue will be in Opto and you take 10% of it, and that's going to get you in the zone Samik, right? What makes the Lumen transaction so exciting for us is that we've always had a significant business connecting data centers to each other in the network at large. Because that's how data gets in and out of the cloud, right? The technical question has been with the advent of a new GPU-based back-end network for Gen AI within data centers will there be a dramatic increase in the need for fiber to connect these Gen AI-enabled data centers to each other and the network. The answer is going to depend on where is the power located and how that interacts with the architecture of the large language model and how and where both inference and training are accomplished. It's exciting about the Lumen deal is that it is certainly a strong proof point in favor of a bull case for that segment of the network. Does that make sense to you, Samik, if I've been responsive your question.
Wendell Weeks: I don't want to speculate at this time, right? What is great about what Lumen has done is they're going to be the first customer to apply our new tech sort of double the amount of fiber they can place in their existing conduit. And that is super exciting. I would believe that, that is so exciting that it will generate lots of interest.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. For the next few quarters, like you just saw us do is Edwin, I think he was together with a number of you guided for enterprise to grow at a 25% rate. And then the first quarter, we show up post providing that guidance, we grew at 40. Right now, in the near-term, our visibility is pretty high, and we feel really comfortable about the 25% guidance that Ed has given you.
Wendell Weeks: I think just share and our intention would be to hold our share as a result of our overall approach to this industry and our currency-based upward price adjustment.
Wendell Weeks: What we're seeing is that our carrier order rates are now starting to approach what we see as their deployment rates. And so that's also encouraging. So we have sort of that upward spring still in front of us when you begin to think of your year-over-year growth rates James.
Wendell Weeks: Yeah. Enterprise tends to be higher margin than carrier, primarily because it uses more of those customized connectivity systems. And so that is, as you move up the stack, in the degree of sophistication that we offer to our customers as that helps them reduce their installation cost, we end up sharing a portion of that value we create with those total passive optical systems that we do those. We'll have a higher degree of adoption in enterprise as a share of revenue than they do in carrier as a share of the total revenue.
Wendell Weeks: So as we complete those currency-based pricing negotiations, we will update you. One of the reasons you see us scheduling an investor session in September, would be to update you on our progress on those dialogues with our customers in this point. So I think you should be expecting us to provide you an update at that date. As for moving to US dollar base, we're engaged with our customers as part of this whole dialogue. That exact question as we seek to find the right way, to share appropriately the relative value of the currency moves relative. Of course, the debate is our customers would lag an exchange rate closer to our current spot rate, and we would like one closer to the past 30-year average. And this is what God created negotiations for and we're in the midst of working our way through all that. And we look forward to having a more detailed discussion with you when we get together in September.
Wendell Weeks: In total, I think, as you think about both questions together, carriers since it's so as Ed points out, it depends on particular carrier strategies. We should wait for them to talk more fully about it. But we'll update on where we are versus deployment rate. And we do expect that to close to continue to close relatively quickly. And for display, what our aim is, is that is to make this just be really simple for investors, and we're just going to end up delivering the profitability that you're used to out of display. Sort of no matter where the currency is coming out because we're going to price appropriately to reward our shareholders for the investment and risk that they have put in place to develop this terrific business.
Wendell Weeks: Great. So as you know, George, what we do is we participate in all the levels of that value stream. And we will take our new to the world fiber and provide it to other cables. We'll also design proprietary cables that incorporate our fiber to compete at that level and then we, of course, do our connectors to US connect, we will provide those to other players and take our competitive advantages at the component level. But at the same time, we'll then put them together in unique ways at the total system level. So we deliberately provide to other players because that is best for our overall customers are different componentry for them to put together in their own novel waves. Now what makes our fiber so unique is when most people just shrink the diameter of the fiber, actually the optical performance decreases. The spot size gets smaller, the bend resistance drops. The attenuation can get a little bit less. What makes our inventions so cool is that we ended up reducing the diameter of the fiber, while improving versus standard fiber, all of the optical performance, because we redesigned the actual profile and the way we make the fiber in a proprietary way, and we managed to deliver all of this without any significant increase in our cost when competitors try to do something at the fiber level, they end up having to increase their cost to meet that that performance. So is the core of our advantage of fiber. And then we just start multiplying it with our expertise at each level. As far as what share of our revenue going forward will be more customized versus at the componentry level. Our desire would be to have of the majority of our revenues be driven by delivery of those customized solutions and the value that we add there on reduced installation time. At the same time, we're in the business of delighting our customers. And if what they would like us to do is to provide some of the component building blocks at the appropriate price, of course, to our competitors, we will be happy to do that.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, Martin, so thanks for that question. In general, as we always do with our guidance, we have a number of potential outcomes that drive where we guide you to. And we provided a range on EPS and approximately $3.7 billion in our mind also has a range encapsulated around that well. So we're not specifically guiding anything in display price at this time, because we're in the midst of speaking with our customers about a currency based price adjustment, but that doesn't mean there won't be an impact in Q3.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. Thanks. Great question. I think in general, the drivers for us on gross margin are we have the capacity and the technical capabilities in place to support a higher level of sales. So in general, we're not having to add fixed costs as our sales go up. So that is really what's going to drive both gross margin and operating margin for us as we go forward. And I do think there is room for our gross margin to continue go up as sales go up, I think our guide implies that for Q3.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks Mehdi. So, I think stepping back, if you think about our sales growing 11% and EPS growing 21% in the second quarter and then our guide implying a sales growth rate in the low single-digits and EPS growing 3 times faster than that, I think we can continue to have EPS growth outpacing sales regardless of where that growth comes from, primarily because we have the cost, the technical capabilities, the capacity in place to support the growth. I also think that the margins are quite attractive in the Optical business and especially in the data center space and AI data center space, where we expect to see growth.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. So our carrier business is increasing sequentially. I think that's the good news. So although we're still down year-over-year because last year, you still had carriers sort of building inventory and now they're still in the process of drawing down their inventory, that's really causing that year-over-year decline. But the good news is order rates are going up, sales were up sequentially, and I think we would expect that trend to continue.
Ed Schlesinger: Yes. Meta, on carrier, I think it's customer-by-customer the inventory situations are different. We're not quite there yet on people being completely at their -- buying at their deployment rates. I think we'll make progress on that as we go into the third quarter. We'll keep you updated, but I don't know that will necessarily be through all of it.
