Wendell Weeks: On the inventory question, whenever you have situations where different elements of the supply chain can be shut down at different times, it makes calculation of value chain inventory quite challenging. So, what we do instead is, we're looking directly to the end market, Rod. And then, we're trying to use that to guide our internal operational thoughts around what we expect revenue will be in total for the year. And then, so to just work out the math that's in between. I'll be interested when you publish on your own thoughts around smartphone demand. You've been relatively accurate in the past.
Wendell Weeks: I'll take the start of it and then Tony can add. So, with the shift from the Korean peninsula to China, as you heard from Tony, this was something we were anticipating. It's just happening faster than what we originally anticipated. So, what the interaction with our revenues will be is how fast the Korean peninsula turns down versus how rapidly the Gen 10.5 plants come up and in what order. Our current point of view is that it will play itself out so that we'll feel the pain this year as Korea will tune down a little faster given COVID-19 than our Gen 10.5 plants will come up. But then, we'll have a strong gain next year. In total, what will drive this thing is what happens to television demand, of course, right? But given that that plays out how we would expect, I think that will be the pattern of how it will play out in our numbers; a little bit of pain this year and a strong gain next year.
Wendell Weeks: And if you're asking a more subtle question about generational mix pricing, I think that's a very astute question. And we like Gen 10.5, but I wouldn't let it overwhelm my analysis at this point. What I would really focus on is, what's going to happen with television demand in this economic and health cycle. If we get that right, then I think the business is going to continue to age gracefully and we'll continue to like it from a profitability and cash generation standpoint.
Wendell Weeks: So, we have no new information on the convert. In my previous discussions with people who run Samsung, right from the very beginning, what they believed in was they have a deep understanding of our technology road map and they believe that in that road map and they want to be a long-term holder. We have had nothing that would change that. It didn't drive their investment, and it originally was display technology. It was the totality of the technology portfolio. And what they thought even was coming next for displays. Now, to the purchase, first on the long-term supply agreement, of course, it changes the - who do we sell our glass to, if they shut down their LCD plants in - or LCD panel making plants in Korea. And you'll see some of that in our financials. I think we had a write-off of about $100 million something.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. What we call our Guardiant technology, which I think is what you're talking about, Steve, is we developed a number of years ago because we saw folks going into hospitals and basically getting sicker than what they came in with because of infections arising from viruses, bacterias, and spores. So what Guardiant is, is our answer to that. It is a copper-based solution where we capture a particular ionic state of copper in glass ceramic that we then turn into very small particles that can be used in paints, coatings, potentially fabrics, right, and plastics. So, what we are seeking to do with that is do two things at once. One, provide good antimicrobial and antiviral surfaces, but also because of the particular way in which this ionic form of copper kills, prevent the development of any form of superbugs. Now, as you would imagine, the introduction of such a technology needs to go through a number of regulatory barriers. We are approved for use under the EPA as an antifungal right now, but we're going to have to work our way through various regulatory agencies to be able to effectively make the claim that we can kill these coronaviruses. We are quite confident we can. Now, for countries who felt that very pressing health need like China in the Wuhan area, they leapt on the opportunity for us to be able to provide this to help in those new hospitals that they built. And we're just going to work our way through all the various regulatory agencies accordingly. Also in China, they had a sudden need for sprays, antiviral sprays. Now, things that they use in these sprays, they want to be - they tend to be a chemical production. We have a particularly modular, small, super safe way to produce those type products called advanced flow reactors that we manufacture in China. And so, that was the example that we talked about there. In general, as we look at what are the pressing needs for us all as a society to get a handle on this and potentially future pandemics, vaccinations are important, therefore pharmaceutical packaging. We believe smart surfaces make a lot of sense, and we're continuing to use our core technology to solve that problem. And then as well, there'll be all sorts of treatments and/or protective spray. When that happens, that could use some of our production capabilities that we have built for life sciences and also for small molecule chemistry, sir.
Wendell Weeks: So Asiya, the way I would - A) it's early, okay. And you're seeing a number of things come up in the data, but it's too early to make any sort of conclusive statements. That being said, in general, what we're seeing - and then I'll get specific on 5G - in general, what we're seeing is, the way telecommunications companies work is because it's capital good, they build ahead of perceived demand. Depending on the company, they use different algorithms for how they figure it out but in general, they try to be about 18 months ahead of where they think demand will be. And that's the reason that the telecom network has held up pretty well as we face this surge in traffic, is - they basically went through that excess that they carry to prepare for the next 18 months. So, in general, what we're hearing from our customers is, assuming the human health crisis comes under management, that they believe they will continue to invest pretty strongly in infrastructure so that they can make sure that they re-establish that safety net. The real question is; what's baseline? Are we on a new baseline? If we're on a new baseline, then everybody's plans aren't aggressive enough. So, then it's more than just the catch-up of the period you went through, it's too early to tell that. On 5G, that will just be part of the overall mosaic of network solutions that gets played. If someone's primarily technological thrust was 5G, witness the major carriers that you can name, they will press on the accelerator for that. Now, I think one of the most interesting things that I've seen in terms of innovation because we were working super closely with them during this time, is their ability to do even things like fiber-to-the-home installations without going inside people's homes; it's been a tremendous amount of innovation around being able to do that, and I've been quite impressed with their installation teams and what they've done. So, I'm looking at this overall as reinforcing to us all how important telecommunications infrastructure is, but I don't know and I don't think it will trump various financial constraints that some carriers feel. But without doubt, it's made people believe that they need to have infrastructure.
Wendell Weeks: Hi, Meta. So, on cloud, they're in a little bit different situation, in some ways similar, in some ways different than the telecom carriers. And different ones are playing different ways. Like telecom carriers, they try to be able to hold enough capacity to handle peak demands. So - and there has been an enormous surge of cloud usage here, and that is being absorbed up. At the same time, those are enclosed facilities, and some of the cloud carriers have decided to basically go on lockdown and not allow new materials to come in or installation crews to come in. So, that has provided some downward momentum, just like it's done in some of the carriers giving installation pieces. I think in general, we would anticipate as - around the globe, and we're seeing it - as those rules relax, as the human health crisis feels like it's under more management, then we'll see some of that return to normal order patterns. I think in telecom, the area where it is most difficult to figure out how it will play out will be the impact on small and medium businesses and their particular LAN networks and what demand they need for that. I think all that's ahead of us. But for base cloud and telecom, they're seeing the reinforcement of their business model, and everyone that I talked to, at least, continues to believe that we need for long-term investment. So far, we've been able to maintain our business community - our business continuity at an outstanding level and have managed to do that and delight our customers. It will continue to be something that we - that garners a lot of our attention because as they do things like restart automotive plants, we're experiencing worlds where - situations that there's not a lot of experience in. I mean, restarting economies and whole plants and knowing what the safe return to work, this is going to continue to challenge supply chains. So, so far so good, but historical performance does not necessarily guarantee future performance here.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you, Shannon. Three things drove it. First, our portfolio work has been successful, serving our customer base with products and inventions from many of our different divisions. And it has been successful enough now that rather than just count on sort of the soft systems we've used to do something like auto, where we did our environmental products, now we're seeing adoption of our different glass products and potentially some of our advanced sensor products and some of our advanced display products. We have used that primarily in our soft systems to be - those customers know us well and to be able to bring together our capabilities; it's been successful enough now but instead we're going to start to put in hard systems in May, market access platform leaders [ph], which we fund, to be able to run that customer interface and our strategies to serve those platforms going forward. The second thing we sought to do was improve our operational excellence across an increasingly complicated global set of operations, and that's why we have named Eric as our COO. The third and final reason is, we have very talented next generation of leaders that we're able to push in more senior spots and get more experience, show their great leadership skills as they will be the ones that will carry us into the next 169 years.
Tony Tripeny: And the only thing I would add to that is that essentially, you saw some of that happen in Q1 where the market sequentially grew a little bit and we were down a little bit, and that's really the explanation there. Not a surprise, it's as we guided. But it's a good example of what Wendell is - it's a good example of seeing what - playing out what Wendell just described.
Tony Tripeny: I think from an ASP standpoint, we are very confident in our strategy that we have talked about in the past in terms of our price declines being moderate. This is already a global pricing market, and we've - for the three reasons that I mentioned and that really are - we still feel confident. And we don't think there's really a change relative to this shift.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I mean, we're really focused on four areas of improvement; both in terms of from a cost standpoint and a lowering capital spending standpoint. And you know, that includes our cost at our manufacturing operations, but it also includes our operating expenses. And then, in addition to that, we're re-looking at our working capital, in particular, our inventory plans, and we're planning to also reduce that. So, when you add those four things together, that gives me pretty good confidence that we will be able to generate positive free cash flow for the year.
Tony Tripeny: Yes, that's correct. I'm always interested in opportunities to take advantage of different markets that we participate in, like in China. And as you - when you see the cash flow statement, you'll see we raised a little bit of debt in China, which is great because it's a natural hedge for all of our businesses in China. And if I could raise more money in Japan, I would at least take a look at that. But we don't really - that - we don't - we are not counting on that on a going-forward basis in the projections that I gave.
Tony Tripeny: Well, from a maintenance CapEx standpoint, somewhere in the $800 million to $1 billion range, I think as we look at our capital for the rest of the year, in Q1, we were finishing up a number of projects and that's why the capital was at the level it was. It will be a little bit less - somewhat less in Q2, and then in the back half of the year, will be less than that. So, we're seeing the trajectory from a capital spending standpoint to go down as we go through the year. And it is one of the four things that we're focused on in terms of making sure that we have positive operating cash flow this year.
