R. Tony Tripeny: No, this is all about volume, and I think the piece that you're missing, Mehdi, is what's happening on the tablet market. And, of course, from a glass standpoint, tablets are bigger, so that has an outsized impact. And I think both the outlook for smartphones and on tablets have come down in the second quarter, and that's the primary reason that we now believe that that market's going to be consistent to down slightly as opposed to that we thought it would grow in the past.
R. Tony Tripeny: I'm sorry. I maybe didn't explain that very well. It will be on the equity earnings line still, and that $15 million is mostly from Hemlock. The difference is, is that previously Hemlock was reported on an after-tax basis, because the taxes were taken care of at the Dow Corning level, and now taxes are taken care of at the Corning level. So, there's a slight change in the geography, but it's not off the equity earnings line.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure, I'd be happy to do that. I think compared to Q1, there are really two things. One was the Optical Communications improvement, both in terms of sales, but the amount of money that we were spending on our software project issue also reduced during the quarter. And there was a lot of one-time manufacturing inefficiencies that got better in the second quarter. That helped us and the fact that we also had volume growth up in the high single digits on Display also helped us considerably, and that's how we ended up at the 43%. When you look out into Q3, we expect to see growth. We see some of it in Optical Communications and some of it in Display and Specialty Materials. And when you average those out, keeping in mind that Optical Communications gross margins are lower than the corporate average and the others are higher, we end up back at that 43% level. As you look forward, it obviously is going to depend on where the mix of our businesses are, but I think being in that 43%-plus level is certainly what we're aiming for from an overall business standpoint.
R. Tony Tripeny: Okay, let me start with the Display demand question. What really drives this market, Rod, of course, is what happens in TVs. And even though it is true that IT and handheld demand is down, it has a small impact on the overall display market. What really matters is what happens in TVs, and we expect that TV units are going to be up 2% on a year-over-year basis. As we go through the year, we've seen some stronger demand than what we expected, in particular in North America but also in Europe, but there have been some areas that have been weaker like in Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, and also Japan's been a little bit weaker. But when you net that out, it comes back to that 2%. And the other really important factor is what happens with screen size. And from a screen size standpoint, we're looking at screen size growth greater than 1.5 inches. So when you add all that together, even though it's a little bit weaker on other mobile consumer electronic products, that still puts us in that 8% to 10% range.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yes, we do. And keep in mind that last year, a lot of that just depends on where the overall demand actually is and how panel makers are adjusting their inventories at a given point in time. And given the strength in demand, we do see that.
R. Tony Tripeny: I'll start with that question. Probably from an overall standpoint, it's a little bit lighter than that. If you think about what drives our cash flow, we did have a onetime payment, a legal settlement, that wouldn't had been in that projections originally. And then, of course, the other big factor is where income actually ends up on a year-over-year basis. And our first quarter was obviously softer than what we originally projected, but it's still going to be quite strong. Still going to be well – closer to $3 billion than it would be to say $2.5 billion.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure, and I will be happy to answer that. We've got to obviously answer this based on our analysis of the situation. And we do recognize that the yen fluctuates, and that will impact both the glass procurement cost for our customers, and they buy glass in yen, they sell the panels in dollars. And we also know that our competitors, the Japanese glass makers, could also get a temporary translation benefit when the yen strengthens, or of course a temporary loss when it weakens against the countries they manufacture. But we don't think this is going to be a big impact. The effect on customers is not as big as it used to be. Glass used to be 15% to 20% of the customer material cost; it's now only about 8%. And then the second factor is our competitors are not as profitable as they used to be. And any benefit they get from yen appreciation may only be temporary, so for these reasons we don't expect to see a meaningful pricing impact, a result of the yen movement. And the perfect example of that is what happened in Q2, where the yen strengthened considerably but price declines were moderate. So we don't believe this is going to have a big impact, but we recognize there are a couple of areas where we need to – we are obviously monitoring it.
R. Tony Tripeny: There were not any additional hedges taken. There was lots of discussion about it. We are 70% hedged out through 2022, and so it's something that we are spending time modeling. Also, thinking both in terms of what the outlying demand is out in those years, maybe different instruments that we could be using as opposed to the forwards we've been using. And so we're doing a lot of work on it, but we didn't do anything in the second quarter.
R. Tony Tripeny: So you're absolutely right on the TV demand. What we saw in the data in the last couple of months was stronger demand in North America and Europe, and a lot of those were larger-size TVs. And so there was also a little bit of tick up in our projection on screen sizes. But when you add it all up, we're still in that range of 8% to 10%. And we realize as we get data every month, that can change the absolute number a little bit, but it doesn't change what we think is the overall underlying demand, which is up in the 8% to 10% range.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. On the TV unit size, we do recognize that some forecasters have different projections than we do, but it's so important to us that we spend a lot of time looking at things by region. And you could pack a lot of intelligence, understanding at the very end markets on what's happening. And we feel very good about the idea that we'll be up about 2%. And especially what's happened in the last couple of months relative to the TV demand, in particular in North America where it is a good bit stronger than what we projected at the beginning of the year.
Wendell P. Weeks: So for us in Gorilla, I think as Tony said, when we came into the year, we felt the market was going to grow, albeit at a slower rate. And now, pretty widely reported that the expectations are for the market to be pretty flattish. So, now then you start – where do our strategies begin to impact our revenue realization in that slower growth market as well as what will be the next uptick in the market one way or the other. So let's deal with the second first. Uptick in the market, for us it really does get driven by how exciting a product our customers come out with and its impact on consumers. So I can't give much insight into that for you, but we do believe that we see some pretty exciting products coming that should help on the total market growth. Now then let's take a look at us in a more micro way. We would normally expect that we're going to grow faster than the market. And that is because of our superior product, we should be always in a share gaining mode, as well as that as we introduce higher value-add products, we'll get higher revenue per device. I think this year we have an interesting dynamic in that customer mix can really make an impact. We have some customers where we do virtually all of their cover glass needs and some where we just do the majority. So which customer gets impacted can impact us a little more outsized when you're dealing with a slower growth market. And then second has just been timing on adoption of some of the higher value-add products and our ability to manufacture them. A good example of this is Phire, where we continue to get pretty good pull on Phire, especially for wearables. But the difficulty of that manufacturing process has pushed us a little bit out in time versus our original launch dates. But overall, we would look over the long term for this business and for us to continue to have pretty robust growth and to be able over that four-year timeframe to double our revenue on this overall platform. It also includes things like augmented reality, but more on that to come in the future.
Wendell P. Weeks: And, Rod, it's a very legitimate question. Because in that fourth quarter, it's a lot about value chain management. And we're coming off a period where you can remember last year in quarter four and quarter one, we were seeing a correction of the value chain, and we think that's behind us. But you're right that that quarter four, it's going to get influenced a lot on how people feel about that selling season. So always worth some thought, but that's the way we see it.
Wendell P. Weeks: I don't think we have that much remarkable there. Developing markets overall were part of the spot weakness, I think, as you take a look at that space. But I think it's a little – the data at that level, I think we have a little bit less clarity on than we do on something like TV that really drives glass demand. But I think by peeling apart some of the comments by our customers in conversations with them, that's what we're picking up is that the developing market will be weaker and less excitement about product launch this year.
Wendell P. Weeks: It sounds like you actually understand them, Vijay. That's exactly right. The only little correction I'd make is it's a lot more than multi-quarter. When we do something like fiber-to-the-home systems, our development cycles with our customers go for a pretty long time. And then it sets and locks on this is the design that they're going to use and then away we go. And then what really provides the dynamic there is that really share shift and things like that. It basically comes down to, these are our Works efforts and where they want to build networks. So, it sounds to me like you got a good understanding. The hyper data centers, the data center pieces, our share has been growing. And both our share of overall spend as Optical and then sort of within in Optical. And that's another one where our position is strong, so the more they build, the better we get.
Wendell P. Weeks: Interesting. Yes. They have some position especially in some of the OEMs that we don't have in the Asia Pacific. And well, we're really, really interested in that. It wasn't the primary driver of the transaction, which is we want to get as big as we can in hyper data centers, but I think you've made a good observation there, and we think that could be a nice surprise, nice added benefit for us if it continues to evolve the way it seems like it could, Vijay.
Wendell P. Weeks: And on the moving around of capacity, I think what's really important to remember is how small one Gen 7 fab is in the overall scheme of the enormous size of this market. And so in a way, that capacity could end up one place or another, but you're within the error bars on the overall market range. And I think a good way to just think about it is wherever it goes, we'll probably end up one way or the other maintaining a pretty stable share, our average share across the entire market just because it's just not that big a deal – relative. There was a time when one Gen 7 fab, that occupied most of my life. But now it's like, eh, another Gen 7 fab.
Wendell P. Weeks: And just to add, I think what, TV units, there are legitimate point of view differences. But whether or not you thought TV units were going to be up 1%, up 2%, or even relatively flat, that you can remember, I think we actually showed it to you on this slide on the 2016 outlook when Tony was going through his talk, that TV units up about 2% would be a growth contribution in glass area by about 2%. But the screen size being up greater than 1.5 inches, that's driving 5% to 6% growth. And so what we're hearing from the market is television unit growth may be a little bit softer than what we would have thought at the very beginning of the year. But actually like the previous question, screen size is maybe a little bit bigger than what we thought, so it's pushing us in those ranges. But it can be very legitimate that, rather than coming in around 2%, it comes in around 1%. All that is within the range of possibility, and that's why we try to give you sort of an idea of how to factor the various pieces so you can plug in what it is your opinion is and then figure out from that what's going to happen in glass demand. And the final piece is value chain adjustments. Are you going to be bigger than that television unit piece? And that's how we all end up at the bottom line of mid-single digits in square footage growth for us, for the market, and I think that's okay.
Wendell P. Weeks: Iris, right. So, Iris is continuing to get some really good commercial transaction with – now we're up to a number of customers that are really evaluating it very strongly, and some are choosing to launch with it, right? It's still early days. As many of you may have heard me speak, I tend to think about disruptive innovations like this, because it's highly disruptive, you're displacing an incumbent technology, a PMMA, with a brand-new material set, to be able to make televisions thinner and with smaller bezels, that it tends to go in phases. You go from the idea then you get a breakthrough. And then if it's really good, you can get a breakout and then you have to defend your really strong position. I'm getting increasingly confident we're going to have a breakthrough. It's going to penetrate large edge-lit TVs, and it's going to have a meaningful penetration into that. Now, whether or not we got a breakout and this becomes a really dominant technology choice for edge-lit, it's just too early to tell. But the good news is the increased commercial transaction is increasing our confidence that you're going to start to see some multiple sets introduce using this technology and we're going to penetrate the market some. But to be significant, we've still got a ways to go.
Wendell P. Weeks: Great, thanks to everyone for listening and the terrific questions. We wish you an enjoyable summer and look forward to updating you on framework progress and results throughout the rest of the quarter. Be well.
