R. Tony Tripeny: So from an overall standpoint, obviously we were disappointed in the third quarter because it wasn't quite as strong as we had expected. We were still up on a year-over-year basis, and as we move into Q4, it's also not going to be quite as strong as we expected. Again, it will be up year-over-year, but it won't be quite as strong as we expected. So our guidance of being up high-single digits reflect that.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah. So I think as we look out at inventories right now, we think that the value chain inventories are healthy and set makers clearly are counting on a strong Q4 retail season and they've been pulling hard on the panel makers and we've seen that, and we continue to see high glass supply. And we think that's going to continue throughout the fourth quarter. So, if set makers are right about the retail season, we feel pretty good about how we enter into next year. And right now, we're right at the beginning of that retail season, and so it's always the hardest time to know and be able to predict, but we're all paying very close attention to that.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. Let me start with the answer on from a yen standpoint. Clearly, the yen from a customer standpoint does have an impact, and of course, customers always ask for lower prices when we're having discussions with them. But I think when you think about it from an overall standpoint, the yen fluctuations can be pretty temporary, and we've seen now two quarters where the yen's been stronger and prices have been moderate. So we don't think it has a big impact. In terms of from a Note 7 standpoint, of course, you know you never want to see a customer have an issue like that, but from an overall standpoint, we sell into the – that Note 7s into the premium handheld market, and it just depends on what people who are going to buy that buy instead. And as long as they buy a premium phone, of course, we have very high share on the premium phones, and of course, the Note 7, even though it was a premium part of Samsung's devices, it's not the biggest handheld that they sell. So from an overall standpoint, we don't see a really big impact there.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yes, I think the fundamental answer is yes, we're just looking at timing issues in Optical. In terms of the computer issues that we had at the beginning of the year, we clearly got back to full production at the end of the second quarter. There's still some backlog that we're working through, but from a production standpoint, we're running full-out in that business, just as we said we were going to.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah, I mean, we're not giving guidance on 2017, but I think in general, that's right. What you have to remember about Hemlock is is that a lot of their volume is under contract and so the cycles of – the timing will depend on when the customers meet those contracts. And historically, if you go back over the last four or five years, that's been primarily in the fourth quarter. Sometimes it moves to the third quarter a little bit and the like, but in general, it's in the fourth quarter. And so I think somewhere in the $80 million to $100 million range is right.
R. Tony Tripeny: Well, I think Gorilla Glass 4 is still the largest part of what we ship and our Gorilla Glass 5 is just starting. It's had a more successful launch than we had of Gorilla Glass 4, and we're on some devices, you know, I had mentioned one that we announced last week, and there'll be more coming up in this quarter. So I think as time goes on, you're going to continue to see that Gorilla Glass 5 is going to become a bigger part of the mix. And then from a pricing standpoint, that's good, from a profitability standpoint, that's good.
R. Tony Tripeny: I'm not so sure it would really change what we would think about from a retail demand standpoint. But it certainly would have a difference relative to cycling and when people would start building for various retail peak seasons, including the fourth quarter season. So, yeah, I think we're not here to talk about 2017. But I think when we do talk about 2017 and we look at the cycle in 2017, it's likely to be a little bit different than what we've seen in the past, for that reason.
R. Tony Tripeny: So, I think from an overall standpoint as we looked into going into the quarter, we expected a certain amount to actually go to those hyper-scale customers. And basically what happened is that those customers ordered less than what we had originally projected, and although a lot of our capacity is fungible, on a very micro level, there wasn't someplace else we could move some of that capacity to.
Wendell P. Weeks: And I think the way to think about it is, boy, it's hard to call within a couple of percent because just a couple of these hyper-scale data centers moving from one quarter to the next or changing in their overall build plan can really move those percents around a lot. But over the sort of the sweep of time, we feel good about our position there, and if you are a believer, as we are, that there's going to be a lot more hyper-scale data centers built, then we're going to grow with that. Calling the exact timing of these construction projects is not the easiest thing to do, as we just demonstrated.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, I think that depends on what you like best, right? So, I think, definitely this is an area that's going to be a key growth driver. Is it going to be uniform and smooth? No. But then again, fiber-to-the-home also can have these projects related flows. So, in general, we look at both as being two megatrends that are going to drive demand for our product and also where our market-access and our shares are quite strong. So I think both of those are worth paying attention to, Vijay.
Wendell P. Weeks: It's so hard to tell the difference because some of the public cloud players are also big private cloud players, so as an equipment manufacturer into it, I don't know that we're the best ones to ask. We can't tell which – what you're using our fiber and connector for, and whether you're doing public or your own private cloud.
Wendell P. Weeks: So far where we've been focusing ONE – you ask an excellent question – is in those areas where you want very intense and high bandwidth and low latency applications, so that tends to be where you bring an awful lot of users together in one area. So that's been the focus of our development because we think if you look longer-term in wireless and longer-term at things like 5G, the critical thing to drive new applications will be that combination of high bandwidth and low latency. Those are the apps that get exciting, and that's what's shaped our efforts in wireless to not be a me-too player, but instead set a platform that would have real legs over time. So you're right, ultimately, you can see this type of approach spreading because it's the same conceptual framework for what you have to do to get low latency, high bandwidth systems. Whether or not cable TV will be a strong adopter here or not, I'm not so sure that I would know the answer to that.
Wendell P. Weeks: On Specialty, we're expecting sort of high-single digit growth in quarter four, and that's pretty much in-line with what it is we were thinking about. You could make a case for higher, as you may have, and you can make a case for lower. But I don't see anything systemically going on, net our sort of momentum has been building. Tony answered the Note 7 question with basically it's too early to tell for sure. And you can make a case, as I think you may even have, Rod, of how much glass is used on one device versus another, and that's all solid logic. It's just, there's just so much stuff that goes on in that supply chain. Even though your logic is really sound, it's hard for us to draw a direct line once we start trying to guess which – what a consumer of a phone buys next. But your logic is sound.
Wendell P. Weeks: So I think the two areas to think about doubling our overall revenue in this space is introducing higher price point products that perform better, and you saw us in this last quarter introduce two of them, right? And then – and take-up on GG 5s made us feel good, and that's definitely going to help. The other piece is increasing the amount of glass utilized both in – on phones as well as other apps like wearables, and those performance improvements that we've announced on GG 5 that previously on GG4 certainly have shifted the design conversation towards a desire to use all-glass enclosures or to use more glass per enclosure. It's too early to tell how those design conversations turn into product sets. And – but it's without doubt our improving performance is enabling designers to think about the product in a different way. Just think about it this way. If you think it's likely the material is going to break if it's dropped on asphalt, then you probably aren't going to double the amount of that material and put it on both fronts and backs. If you think it is unlikely that that happens, and GG 5 certainly makes it less likely, right, and other products we're working on will make it less likely still, then that opens up the potential to consider that type of design choice. But still too early to bank it. It's our strategic desire; we're making progress, but way too early to declare victory. Okay.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yeah. And Stan, I think that's a really, I haven't thought about it quite that way. I think that's a good question. And I think you're right to bring up the, to the extent that people do the P-OLED by adding new panel capacity then that doesn't impact any of the dialog to the extent that they take out existing panel capacity, then to put in place the new capacity. Your question could impact the behavior at that micro level. So let us think a little more about that. As we step back and think about P-OLED overall, as you've heard us speak before, we look at this as a net positive for us on volume because our share is so high on P-OLED relative to the LTPS product that it is replacing. On the dynamic that you're discussing, if we had a customer where we have an above-average market share that takes out capacity, then that could impact us for a temporary time period until the whole thing rebalances for about one or two share points. Similarly, if we have a customer that has below our average market share and they take out capacity, we can see a gain that would be temporary for a while until the whole industry rebalances. But how that whole dynamic works its way through, I think we've got to do a little bit better job explaining, and we'll do that as we get a little closer to next year, Stan.
Wendell P. Weeks: So in macro, you're right. In micro, if you expect to sell a product and you make it, then you've used that capacity. So but in macro, you're right. Over the fullness of time, we are net capacity constrained here, which is why we're adding capacity. So over the sweep of time, it will all turn into revenue, but it's really important to make the right thing that will particular quarter come out.
Wendell P. Weeks: Let me just close out the call by emphasizing we're really pleased with our progress on our framework since we announced it a year ago. We've gained traction with our customers on our growth initiatives. We have a long way to go, but we're making progress. We realigned our interest in Dow Corning and we returned approximately $6 billion to shareholders by year-end is what we anticipate to do. We are also creating significant value for our shareholders along the way. Thanks, everyone, for listening. We look forward to updating you on our framework progress and results throughout the rest of the quarter and year.
