James Flaws: The increase in the balance sheet inventories would be mostly finished product or WIP [work in process]. It's not raw materials. There were 2 drivers of it. It's roughly split half between Telecom and half between Gorilla. In Telecom, mostly, it was the acquisition of MobileAccess. And in Gorilla, we are building inventory as we get ready for the increase in the quarters -- each quarter as we go along over the course of the year. So, we were very comfortable with the inventory build.
James Flaws: I don't have any specific guidance yet about both of their fabs. We definitely expect that their Gen 10 to be back. What don't know is how much their Gen 8 will be back. I think they made some announcements this morning and talked about it, but we definitely feel their Gen 10 will be back up in a substantial operations.
James Flaws: Well, the gross margins in Q1 benefited from us running full. But I remind you, we were at full in quarter 4 also. We expect to run all our operations full in Q2, we will build some inventory as a result of that. But obviously, without the sales, it lowers the gross margin Display in Q2 by itself. Assuming that in Q3 and Q4 that we have, continue to run all our operations and our sales go back up, which is what we are expecting, you should see gross margins go back up from the Q2 levels. I'm not going to give an exact number but we definitely expect Display in gross margins to bounce back from Q2.
James Flaws: I would say focused on Gorilla, the margins should continue to improve. They're being held back a little by the conversion costs of our tanks as we convert from Display to Gorilla. But as we told you before, on just the glass alone, for IT and handheld, we expect that to be above our corporate average. So you should see that improve as we go through the course of the year. Environmental should improve based on improved manufacturing performance. We think we're making progress on some of the problems that have caused us pain over the last year. And we did show that in Q1. I think we'll continue to improve there. Telecom is running at a very good gross margin, obviously lower than the corporate average, but well into the 30s. And even though it feels like it's a downer versus the corporate average, I mean we view it as a very good gross margin given the assets we have invested in this business, and very good return on invested capital. So we feel very good about our margin portfolio of the businesses and the potential for improvement. Assuming we're right on the sales.
James Flaws: That's a lot of questions rolled into one. So first on the price for Q2, since we've already agreed with most of our customers now that we feel comfortable that, that price will, in moderation will be in fact, what we see. In terms of the amount of inventory, we're building because in Display, because of the lower sales, we actually built no inventory in the Display business in Q1. The amount we're building is not a substantial amount and it will help us as we see the ramp up in Q3 and Q4 and as you mentioned, obviously gives us some flexibility if we want to convert another tank to Gorilla versus Display. So we're very comfortable with continuing to run and build that inventory.
James Flaws: Well, we do have a plan for conversion of our capacity on various tanks over to Gorilla but we obviously have the flexibility as the market shifts to potentially do more.
James Flaws: I would be surprised right now because we only have one customer, and that's Sony. And so I think we'll have to see how their models sell. But right now, we have no other customers who are working with us to be, that would be imminent for coming up in the second half. As I've said before though, I think that if these televisions are well accepted by consumers, we might see other people thinking about it. But right now, we basically -- our plans are that it's Sony, in their various models, and that's what you'll see in the second half.
James Flaws: So the fiber demand regionally is strongest in the United States and Europe. It's not long-haul. It's just fiber that is going into local networks and access. And we're actually down slightly in China, which we had expected with their -- having finished the builds. So that's where the strength we're seeing from a fiber point of view. Now but I will point out it's more than fiber. I mean, every one of our product areas in Telecom is actually up.
James Flaws: So we have always said that when we talk about Gorilla Glass, for IT and handheld, obviously excluding the TV cover, the number would be about our corporate average, maybe it will be above it, but including the conversion costs, it's not above it right now. As for the glass for IT and handheld, if you include TV cover, it's obviously below. But we've known that for a long time as we have not been expecting to make much money on TV cover in the first year.
James Flaws: Yes, we're expecting a strong Q3 and Q4 for the glass market, and part of it is that we are seeing what we would regard as very good supply chain behavior relative to what in the first quarter and the second quarter. And I'll remind you, every time in the last 5 years that there has been a problem on inventories in the supply chain, it's because the industry got too excited and built too much in Q2. So we don't see that happening right now. And our assumption is that they will run much stronger in Q3, and continue to run strong in Q4. So that's our belief, that's how we're structuring, that's what plays in to our glass market forecast.
James Flaws: Well, I think the pace of the additional fabs beyond the first 2 BOE, and -- I forget the China Star, the other one, those are moving -- those 2 fabs are moving ahead very crisply, and that's where our capacity is aimed at BOE, right now. I think the question is really for Samsung and LG, what the pace of their facilities will be. And I think there's some feeling that they might be slower but we don't have any specific start dates from either one of those. But clearly, once we have an understanding of those 2, that could influence our capital, but I don't think it will have much impact at all this year, and the impact would be next year assuming that we are building at the Samsung Corning stock.
James Flaws: So for this year, we're not expecting anything of architectural and automotive. We'd love to ship a few pieces but it's not going to be meaningful. So it really is all around IT-handheld market and then TV cover. We have TV cover in our forecast originally for several hundred million dollars. We're prepared for the fact it might be less than that, in which case we believe we could use some of that capacity to sell more IT and handheld. But that's where all the action is.
James Flaws: So in Display, what's happening is from the accounting perspective is, even though our demand is -- our sales are down in Q2. We're continuing to run and build inventory. Therefore, we absorbed the fixed cost on that inventory but obviously, we miss the benefit of the sales, if you will, the standard gross marginal sales, which is quite high for Display. Assuming that, we then, sell that inventory out in the back half of the year, we get that sales and standard gross margin. But obviously, we've already gotten a fixed cost absorption on.
James Flaws: I have no retail feedback. I don't expect these televisions actually to be in a big-box retailers until the month of May. You can see them on some online services, but I have no retail information. In terms of what we can do, we're looking to see what we can do to help promote these when they finally get to retail, and support it with our Gorilla campaign, but beyond that, that's all we're doing.
James Flaws: It's just so hard for us to judge right now. I mean, we're at the stage where we've got to find out whether consumers like these TVs. They're really beautiful. They obviously are more expensive, but we'll have to see. It's just too early for us to judge what the impact is going to be next year. We're hopeful, but I think we'll all have some information by the time we get to the July call and see how well they're selling.
James Flaws: Well, I'd say catch-up may not be the right word. It may be that there were projects that we had previously expected in Europe as we went through the financial crisis, didn't start when we thought they were going to, and we are now seeing that. So some people view that as catch-up. We just view it as -- it's great, the people are finally doing the Fiber-to-the-Home projects and they feel confident enough about it.
James Flaws: So on the latter on share, this was clearly our strategy once we had enough capacity again to try and get back with our large customers what we had lost when we had the problems. The original earthquake and the original power outage. So we've always thought that we would be able to gain some share points back, and once we had capacity, and that's what we're able to do. Relative to competition, in Japan, we have not seen any material disruption as a result of either of our competitors having any problems. I think both have announced they had minor issues. We did provide some small Gen glass to one of our customers to make up for something that one of our competitors couldn't supply. But these were very tiny amounts. So basically, I think that our competitors are continuing to operate, and we're not seeing any advantage given to us as a result of that. And frankly, I just have to say, we don't wish damage on anybody as a result of the natural disasters.
James Flaws: Well, we basically assume where we exit the quarter, that's what we assume for the going forward quarter. We're not the greatest at predicting the yen exchange-rate. So we just use the average for the most recent quarter and predict that again for the second quarter.
James Flaws: Well, the yen has -- if you look over the month of March after the earthquake, the yen went from basically JPY 82 down to JPY 76, and up to JPY 85 and now it's back to JPY 82. But basically, the average in quarter 1 was JPY 82, it's JPY 82 today, so that's what we used.
James Flaws: So the non-Gorilla part of Specialty Materials, it's very much driven by the cycle of semi-equipment as what you've talked about. But clearly, that potential does exist. We're not as quite as bullish as some people are on the semiconductor cycle, but definitely that potential could exist.
James Flaws: So we expect to be very active from an acquisition point of view, but the size could vary. Two places that we are looking, primarily are Life Sciences and Telecom, but the size could vary. There's nothing imminent, but we're working very hard to see whether we can improve the growth in sales and profits of the company by adding acquisitions to our innovation.
James Flaws: I don't have any update on the reactor business but in the photovoltaic area, I think we'll be able to give you an update in the quarter 2 call.
