Jim Flaws: So on Display, I'm disappointed that you're disappointed because Display is doing fine. Just a reminder, Q2 was stronger so it makes a sequential outlook as they are going into Q3. But, we think the Display market is behaving nicely and in line with our general expectations. Relative to the 4K televisions, we never expected very much of that this year, we just don't think the price points are at the level, we could be surprised obviously with the holiday season maybe some people lowering more than we are expecting. But, we really think 4K or ultrahigh def is really a 2015 and 2016 phenomenon. But we feel very good about the display market, the television market, World Cup was very good. So we feel overall very good about the market. On Gorilla, you are correct, I mean the – if you look at our expectations and our forecast by type of product, it is tablets that is the big change statement. We just got that really wrong about what was happening in the tablet market. And we have adjusted down our forecast for that dramatically compared to our original expectation that is overwhelming the impact in reduction of what we expected for growth for Gorilla this year. In terms of smartphones, I will comment on specific customers and materials, but we continue to believe that Gorilla is going to be the material of choice for branded smartphones and I remind you that we are launching Gorilla 4 late this year. And we already won models with that product.
Jim Flaws: So for this year, I would – we are not going to change the rate 2014. What we have had you should continue model that. I think to help investors right now, I would model next year at the same rate and then mostly likely at the end of third quarter, we will give you the rate for next year. Our reported results next year will – we will restate 2014 to whatever the new rate is. Obviously, we are not hiding from investors the fact that the yen going forward is lower and we have given you the amount of money that net income is. But, I would continue to model at the 93 rate for the remainder of this year and to help investors so you can understand the volume growth and other things I would just use 93 right now for 2015. And then when we announce our Q3 results we are going to give you a rate for the next year.
Jim Flaws: So on the ladder on CapEx, we don't think about it as percentage of sales because the company as a level of maintenance, which probably is around $800 million and then rest is for expansion and that can vary depending on the pace of projects. We haven't updated our outlook for 2015 on CapEx yet I will do that in the quarter three call. But, I would not expect that the fact we lowered this year it means that we are pushing projects to next year. Relative to the pricing contracts, the contracts remain in place; many of them have automatic renewals unless somebody chooses to exit and so we have contracts that go into next year already. And we think that they are continuing to do what we expect and we think our customers are quite pleased with it.
Jim Flaws: So the gross margin impact versus our originally expectations was due to the shortfall in Gorilla sales, you may recall Gorilla glass itself not parts is the highest gross margin product the company has. So that's why we missed our expectation. Display is doing fine and gross margin improved quarter two over quarter one. I would say that the primary reason that the synergies are coming in faster is we are having an incredibly effective integration. The management of CPM has embraced working with our display team led by Jim Clappin. And we are delighted with the progress we have made. We are finding more opportunities. I think the biggest we are finding is we can move faster than we originally thought. So we are delighted with the pace of integration. And you always a little apprehensive when you do something of this size, but it's going terrific and I think our team both our CPM employees and our Display employees are doing a great job.
Jim Flaws: I won't comment on customer scope. We think its timing based. It's always been difficult for us when people have new models to know exactly when they are going to be pulling. The difficulty for us is because of the length of the supply chain. And so we generally know the models. And we have a forecast but exactly how the supply chain pulls, it's very difficult for us to forecast.
Jim Flaws: It's very exciting for us. We are talking about yesterday that it's a very broad based. We are seeing good growth from our -- Tier-1 customers are very large customers. In fact even some who we thought had finished up more are continuing to buy. We unfortunately can't name all our customers here but it is very broad based. And I think it's really vindicating what we basically said a decade ago, which was fiber-to-the-home, it's going to be a very powerful force in the market and the fact that it's so broad based, we are very excited by that. And just one last comment on that. We actually saw a little bit of an uptick in the NBN project which has been undergone some changes with change of government down there. But, there was good demand on that in the most recent quarter.
Jim Flaws: Yes. Our new version of Gorilla is not being delayed. We are in production we are already shipping some product in Q3. We have one model. So there is no delay relative to that.
Jim Flaws: So we believe that it has a little bit – smartphones had a little bit of an impact on our sales in – our sales in Q2 because some customer sales were not as strong as what they had originally expected. But overall, we are not changing the market for the year for smartphones.
Jim Flaws: Sim, I think you have seen me carry around the special chart that I have that I do for just myself on greater than 30 inches television than versus where we came into the year. We moved up, just a little less than about half an inch on that one. So which delighted me because I think that's the most important metric. I'm actually quite surprised with smaller cell televisions for the first time we were negative. They grew this past quarter. But, as you know the most important one for me is the average about 30.
Jim Flaws: We do have numbers there on market share is less but our market share is improving there first now of luminous silica glass which is what we call family of Gorilla glasses or specialty glasses is moving up as a percentage of overall phones there in our share of luminous silica improved also.
Jim Flaws: We have priced down significantly which we talked about in Q1. So you are not going to see the operating margin expansion.
Jim Flaws: We really haven't made a final decision about something we talked earlier in the year about whether we should have a different version of strength in glass to go after the low end of the market in China. We still are evaluating that. We are spending quite a bit on new cover glass materials. But I don't think that would materially change our operating expense, which we chose to pursue that.
Jim Flaws: So the reduction in CapEx occurred because we after going through all the plans at CPM, we determine that some other projects did not need to proceed. And then the other area was in what we call – our [TAS] (ph) capital where projects – we are going to spend a little bit less on that. Relative to shareholder purchases there is no change in the shareholder purchase on our existing program as I said we have approximately $400 million. And our plan is to spend that money this year and anything beyond that would take the Board of Directors putting together new program and historically the way to we finish the program before they start a new one.
Jim Flaws: So what our display commercial team believes and what they are hearing from customers that the type and this is going to continue into the fourth quarter, I'm noting some of the panel makers who have been announcing in the last couple of days making similar comments. So we have to take that as a word that they are continuing to run at a strong level and they are giving us indications they are going to do that into the fourth quarter. We think that IT thing has been a pleasant surprise basically all year along we think it's more than just the Windows thing. We know that corporations have extended, they refreshed cycles but that can't go on forever. And some of our IT customer contacts actually flag this to us earlier back in the spring that they thought – that the IT portion of the market was going to be stronger and actually tight. So we feel generally overall quite good about the panel utilization the tightness that leading to firm panel prices and that continuing.
Jim Flaws: I won't comment on our customers building panel fabs, as you know there are number under construction in China. But, suddenly someone making a sudden decision to build a panel fab is not – you are talking about that showing up in a year and a half later. So I would tap out to be the case. I think there is no real plans of expansion in China, frankly that's the only place there is any panel expansion really at this point in time.
Jim Flaws: The duration still is quite long. But they are still evaluating whether they are going to take the pure fiber-to-the-home technology all the way that they originally planned. I mean we have had some favorable comments that maybe that they will do better than more than what they had said last October. But, I don't have any percentage of completion. I don't have the data center numbers with me. That's been good this year, but I don't have any specific numbers but I know enterprise was up in, I think about 10% in quarter two.
Jim Flaws: I'm thinking that far ahead and we think all of those things that are going on in the industry would lead us to have the confidence that we will be able to have another moderate quarter in Q4.
Jim Flaws: I was talking about launches in the second half of the year that we – because of the length of supply chain. We some time knew we would be getting all in product shipping in the May, June timeframe and that has been was less then what we had expected against our forecast in the month of July which are obviously almost finished. We are seeing pull on that front.
Jim Flaws: In Q2 and I don't have any information on Gorilla in the supply chain. It is very difficult to get information on the number of weeks.
Jim Flaws: I just said I don't have information on the supply chain for Gorilla, so I can't give you the number of weeks.
Jim Flaws: We actually disclosed in our Q1, the Hemlock numbers were last year, so on quarter two last year we made some money, so but in quarter three we didn't make any money last year in Hemlock. So it's very uneven – unevenness comes about by how the customers who are on the contracts pull their product. But in general our experience last year was Q4 is very strong because that's – it must meet their contractual demand, they can delay for a couple of quarters. But they have to take it. I mean overall, I think we see very positive trends right now in probably silicon market spot prices have moved up quite a bit from where we were. But downside would be that we just had announcement on Friday by the U.S. Government about more anti-damping regulations, so we don't know how that will impact the growth of the market. But fundamentally, we are not really shipping into China today so it doesn't really affect Hemlock very much.
Jim Flaws: I don't have the synergies handy broken quarter-by-quarter, so I doubt that there is a lot of variabilities that goes through. But, I just don't have that level of precision.
Jim Flaws: We have shared. We do quite well with that. It's just that we don't have the same shares what we have in some branded ones that you are very familiar with in the United States. And we are always trying to demonstrate that our Gorilla products, our better quality product and provide damage resistance. So I think that's really our approach. And combined with marketing which we do small amount of and tend to continue to do that. We shifted more of our marketing spend to Asia going forward. So I think those are the things we could do.
Jim Flaws: So the sequential price declines Q2 to Q1 were almost immaterial I would say and we have the big step down that we talked about in Q1 but really nothing of any significance in Q2 maybe I think we have a minor amount in Q3 in one of our contracts. I think the next big change statement would likely be because most of these contracts are annual will be Q1 of next year. And frankly it's a little earlier for me to know what that would be. But, I don't think you expect price to be a big play for the remainder of this year.
Jim Flaws: It's really hard for me to judge right now. I think it would be – my general feeling is that it might be flattish volume Q3 versus Q4 a lot will depend on the fall of these models. But, the big step up from where we have been running of course in Q3 in terms of volume.
Jim Flaws: I think it falls into the insignificance. We were just delighted by – some times we get people overly focused on sporting events but for example in Europe in the month of May televisions were up 13% whereas four months prior to that up or down in the single digits. And in South America in the month of April up 25%, 64% in the month of May but really it's not going to change our numbers overall.
Jim Flaws: Well, obviously, we don't have need as much Gorilla right now. But our plans still remains as plants in Japan reached the end of their life on Gorilla. They will go down permanently and then we will shift that demand over to Korea. Pace maybe slightly slower but I know that we have a couple of tanks that were throwing the light on Gorilla at the end of the quarter three heading into quarter four.
Jim Flaws: On the downstream business, the parts the business has quite a bit of variability to it quarter-by-quarter, so I don't have much of an update. The laser business is going quite well. I think shipments will be quite strong in quarter three. I don't have the list of the customers. So I can't really help you on that. But, parts business varies up and down in the quarter. But, in the mainstream for us in Gorilla is selling glass.
