Wendell P. Weeks: Thank you, Joseph. Let's try to take them in order. The development partners did contribute to some of the development expense that is related to creation of this product. This is a significant development effort for us and a significant development effort for them. So they were a critical part of getting us to the announcement the other day. That being said, their major contribution is to adopt our product over time across their product lines. As you noted, with something as significant as new pharmaceutical packaging, what the pharmaceutical companies need to do is, because it's existing marketed product already, is take and show that new product in the new package to the FDA. And when they do that, it's got to be already based on them having done stability testing, machine ability and a number of things. This means it will take a while for the revenue of this business to ramp. That being said, there are actually a number of other milestones you'll be able to see. You will be able to see some of the FDA submissions as they go in. You will hear from other customers as they take our product for different ones of their products. So I think we're going to be able to really clearly set out a map for you. And as we start to build out this business, it will become pretty clear sort of how large a breakout it will become. I think your last question, which was dealing with how large is this opportunity, and you used as an example comparing to our Gorilla Glass for automotive. I think there is no question that the size of this opportunity is larger. The key here is how much of a breakout does it become. If truly this product picks up very strong regulatory support and we also, if our data that we've gathered so far with our development partners holds true on its tremendous benefits, patients, as well as increased throughput for pharmaceutical companies, this is going to be a very, very large business. It is going to grow for decades, and that's why we've been pursuing it so strongly. But that being said, last week was our breakthrough moment. We have a lot of work ahead of us for it to turn into the size of breakout that I just described.
Wendell P. Weeks: That's no problem. So, the Verizon agreement is not unique among the deep conversations we are having around the globe with telecom players. Whether or not we will announce those or not deals more with our customers' preference. In Verizon's case, they felt that it was so strategic to their densification plans; they wanted to do it for their own purposes. And for us, we put our customers' needs first. Some will probably want to be public, some will probably not want to be public, and that's how we'll make a decision around announcements.
Wendell P. Weeks: As to tax reform, I think it's easy to be confident long term that the current tax policy of the United States is not stable over time, that it leads to things that are not good for our economy or jobs, and that ultimately that's going to get fixed. And I think that's – that I feel quite confident about. What I am much less confident about is how the political math works in any given year. So I think calling timing on that one is above my pay grade. I do believe that there are significant advantages to be gained by manufacturing where your customers are. And that is the core of our investment philosophy. We believe we can serve our customers better, we believe that serves the communities better, and we believe it's part of being a good citizen and a spectacular competitor. And so that tends to guide our philosophy, and that's what all these various announcements you've been seeing recently really deal with about us. Valor Glass is aimed at the pharmaceutical industry. The U.S. is the powerhouse of biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturing, and we believe this is the right place to put it.
Wendell P. Weeks: So in Optical – I think that's a really excellent question. First, note that our growth is really strongly driven by our organic innovations. And second is that exact timing of when those are being pulled into these major network builds can be quite challenging to call accurately. That being said, you are right to note that you're seeing the major telecom players are driving a hunk of our growth at this point in time. That being said, we are seeing the same type of momentum being built in our dialogues really across the spectrum of our Communications business. And this, together with the growth that we are also seeing in the cloud-based optical systems and around the world, is what is leading us to believe that though any given quarter could come out different ways. There is the potential here for a building wave of demand in our Optical Communications business largely because as fiber pushes closer and closer and deeper and deeper in the network, right, what happens is the amount of demand for our particular type product goes up significantly. And so that's what we're feeling around the world. But like I say, these are major programs, and calling exact timing can be quite challenging. But I think we're seeing at least the basis of a long-term secular momentum building for our tech.
Wendell P. Weeks: So let's handle both questions. Let's start with the timing one. I think it's a little early for us to be able to give a good idea on what the ramp is going to look like next year. We'll start to see the submissions go into the FDA and we'll begin to get a feeling for what type of regulatory process they want to bring it through and how accelerated they want to make the adoption of Valor if they choose a highly accelerated rate, then we're going to move much more quickly towards breakout, right. If they choose a more typical conservative rate, then it's going to move a little slower towards breakout. I think the beauty of this particular business is though the regulatory nature of it can make adoption a little slower, it makes it way more certain that allows us to put the – we can put capacity up faster than a particular cycle of adoption of regulatory approval. So it derisks our investment very significantly. And then second, once you win that, it's forever business. So we like it. It can be a little frustrating in the early stages, but long term, I think it builds the type of very robust business that, assuming we have a breakout here, we are just going to be delighted with over the next decade and beyond. And then the Gerresheimer question, so the Gerresheimer piece, yes, we acquired their glass tubing business as we explained at the time, when they've got a early look at what it was Valor was. They understood what it is they were looking at, and decided to have us become the glassmaker for tubing. And it allowed us to get a lower cost platform for us to do what we just announced. One of the expansions we have is to build a new glass manufacturing line there and that helps us on our cost structure. As to the go-to-market for the actual vials and cartridges, that is all still in development. You would have seen an announcement from Gerresheimer and from Stevanato just the other day saying how delighted they are to be cooperating with us on this. How we actually end up resolving that go-to-market, what goes through venture, what goes to 100% us, what's pieces of the value chain are carried where, I think that's all ahead of us. Our first hunks of investment that we just announced, they're flowing through 100% owned a play and we'll see how it develops over time. It's all going to be about the best way to serve our customers and the best way to create value for our shareholders.
Wendell P. Weeks: It's a great question. We view 5G as having the potential to be an extremely significant demand driver for our product. If truly 5G as it is defined by the industry becomes the standard way to do wireless connectivity, then we are looking at a very significant secular driver for our product, perhaps one of the more significant that we have seen in our long and storied history in this business. It is still too early to make a call on what exact architectures will be used to deploy this tech. If Verizon's view, with the right technology to deploy, the right architecture to deploy, is correct, this is a huge opportunity. So we'll have to see as our own work progresses, as our deep engagement with other customers progresses, how will the architectures evolve? But there's just no question that it is a positive momentum driver for us. The only question is the size, scale and timing of that momentum. As we get better acuity, we will make sure that we share it with you because of its significant importance to our shareholders.
Wendell P. Weeks: And as to how do we see the role of acquisitions, what we currently perceive is that far and away, the bulk of our growth is going to be organically-driven and innovation-driven. That being said, we're in a very privileged position, have deep knowledge as we work with our customers on these architectures, really whether it's in the cloud, in buildings, or in 5G network densifications fiber-to-the-home. You can expect us to take advantage of that privileged position if we start to believe in a technology that can augment what we do and be driven through our market access platform. That's really the story of SpiderCloud. It was a small acquisition, right, but we really like the tech, and it has an opportunity for us to significantly increase demand for our fiber in the horizontal in buildings and run right through our market access platform. Expect us to continue to do that, but the bulk of our growth is all driven organically and about innovation. I hope that answers your question.
Wendell P. Weeks: First, thank you to everyone for joining us today. I just want to close by reiterating how pleased we are with the continued positive momentum in both our financial results and against our Framework goals. Our focused and cohesive portfolio continues to produce milestones, and we're particularly excited to share our breakthrough moment with Valor. We look forward to staying in touch.
R. Tony Tripeny: Well, certainly the more glass per phone is pretty significant, and as you know, we talked about in the last quarter several devices that have put glass on the back of a phone, including the Samsung Galaxy X8 (sic) [S8]. And so that is a significant part of the growth that we have year-over-year. Now the adoption of the Gorilla Glass 5 is also a significant part because as we've talked in the past, that creates real value for our customers and we're able to charge a higher price for that. So it's a combination of all these items. The overall underlying market, as we said, is relatively flat and consistent, and our ability to grow really has to do with our innovations.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. It's true that panel prices have started to decline on a sequential basis in the last quarter. They're still really close to record highs. I think it's important to remember they've risen significantly every quarter since Q2 of 2016. And this has resulted in both record panel maker profitability and we believe that prices have room to move down to more sustainable levels. So this should enable lower set prices to stimulate some second half demand. I think it's important from a supply chain standpoint to remember that in 2017, panel maker capacity does not grow significantly. So our panel makers have to run at high utilizations to build inventory for Q4 selling season, and we saw that happen in Q2 just as we expected, and in Q3 set maker demand is strong and set makers will be building inventory for that seasonally strong Q4 demand, and we anticipate that's going to draw down inventory. So when we look at this from an overall standpoint, we think the 2017 is going to end in a healthy range.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. I mean, I think that from a leverage standpoint, an awful lot of fixed costs that are in the Optical business, actually in all of our businesses, so generally speaking, you'd expect over time for our profits to grow faster than sales in any of our business segments. The exception being in the Display business where we're looking for stability. And we certainly saw that in the second quarter in Optical Communications. It's important to realize that while that's happening, we're also investing a lot. We're investing in particular in some of the expansions that we've talked about to keep up with demand. So – but from an overall standpoint, I think it's safe to assume that in the Optical business, in most quarters, we'll see profits grow faster than sales.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah, sure. I mean, I think that if you look at the data from January to May, it does show the TV viewing area, some weakness in China and Western Europe, while all the other regions are up on a year-over-year basis. But I think what's important to remember about this is, retail demand is clearly back-end loaded, and we're just now entering the significant selling season. So it's hard to draw a conclusion based on the first five months' worth of data. Second thing I'd remind you is, is that what really drives the growth of our business is the size of TVs. And we said that TVs would grow more than an inch-and-a-half, and all the data in the first five months confirms that, we feel very confident about that.
R. Tony Tripeny: And from a margin standpoint, I mean, we were happy with our margin performance in the second quarter. Gross margin was doing 42.4%, very consistent with where we were in Q1, which I think was 42.3%, and we expect the rest of the year to be in the 42.5% range. But I think it's important to remember, and I mentioned it a little bit when I was answering the Optical question, is that we are beginning to invest in a number of growth areas that we've talked about, and that increases spending slightly. It increases it in the cost of goods sold, it increases it in S&A and RD&E, not above any of the percentages – normal ranges we've given you, 14% in SG&A, 8% in RD&E, gross margins in the 42% to 43% range. But you do see some of that that's occurring in our businesses. So we don't see anything unusual about that, and we're actually quite pleased with where we are.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. We have a lot of our development programs are in our Other Sales. It includes the business that we acquired a couple years ago from Gerresheimer that's part of our some pharmaceutical packaging technology business and it includes a variety of other programs that we have in there. And I wouldn't say that those specific trends are a reflection of anything specifically that's going on. The proof points you ought to look at are the ones we've talked about in each of these programs.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah, Mehdi, on the Display, in Q1, we received a technology payment that didn't repeat itself in Q2, and that's the whole difference between the two. Otherwise, given where price and volume was on a sequential basis, income was flat. And in terms of Specialty Materials in the second quarter, we had a lot of ramp-up costs for new production that happened in the second quarter that didn't happen in the fourth quarter of last year.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah, for sure it's going to be lumpy. I mean, our Specialty Materials business has always been lumpy since we've gotten into the Gorilla Glass business, and we'd expect that to continue on a going-forward basis. We said in Q3 we think we'll be up low to mid-teens. Where we're going to end up for the full year, we're not sure because it depends on the adoption of the technologies, but there's no doubt that this will be lumpy as we go forward.
R. Tony Tripeny: No, I'm not going to – I'm not going to handicap – I appreciate the question, but I'm – we're not going to talk about Q1.
R. Tony Tripeny: Okay. Sure. I think from a free cash flow standpoint, we've said our capital spending part of free cash flow will be about $1.5 billion. It could be on the heavier side of that, given all of the investments that we're making today, but somewhere in that neighborhood. And then in terms of operating cash flow, remember, the second half of the year is where we generate very strong operating cash flow. So it will certainly be stronger than it was in the first half of the year, and relatively consistent with what we did last year.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First question for me, recently there's been sort of a blip-down in LCD panel prices for large sizes. And I know, Tony, you just mentioned that you're pretty comfortable with where inventories are right now. I was wondering if you could just sort of react to that near-term trend and what you make of it and what you think the risks are relative to the outlook you've provided just for LCD glass. And then I had a follow-up.
Steven Fox: Great. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up. Wendell, I was wondering, you mentioned the AT&T (sic) [Verizon] agreement is probably not going to be unique within the industry. I'm sure you can't talk about specific timing, but I'm wondering if there's any other near-term drivers that maybe could lead to other announcements, say, before the end of the year? Or are we thinking this is more something to watch out for – as you get into next year and year after? Thanks.
Steven Fox: Okay. That's helpful. And then just very quickly, the Optical profits are growing faster than the sales in the most recent quarter. I was wondering if you could just explain why that dynamic happened most recently. Thanks.
