Wendell Weeks: So you -- that is a great observation, and it is in line with the sort of secular trend that we see that basically says we have plenty of innovation we have to get done because density continues to increase as well as the bandwidth requirements increase. And so what that does is it reduces the amount of distance with which you can travel in an electron and therefore pushes the photons closer and closer to sort of the beachfront of those GPUs, which is opening up an entire new set of categories for us -- for our flat glass, for our ability to couple light into various formats. And so in a way what you're describing is what's leading to a whole new family of innovations upon which we are working diligently, Wamsi. 
Wendell Weeks: That's a great question. They're relatively recent, and we're still in the midst of trying to understand how that will play out when it hits the consumer. Our expectations have been for China retail demand to be relatively muted this year. You're right to point it out, we're just a little early in being able to analyze and predict what its impact will be like. We'll get back to you on that as our understanding evolves. 
Wendell Weeks: Right, that's -- let me take the first question. That is a wonderful deep question, Samik, on the first one, mainly because as the locus of panel manufacturing has shifted from Korea, Taiwan, into China and that high concentration there has begun to lead to sort of different behavior between set makers and panel makers. One of the things that led to the sort of classic crystal cycles would be that, a, you had a very strongly growing market, which meant predicting how much capacity you would need was challenging because you had to get the rate right.   But then the second was that set makers would tend to have very strong back half demand. Panel makers would tend to want to make it pretty consistently. And therefore, you have build ups of value chain inventory that added volatility to the markets. Two things have changed. First, we're now in the mature stage of the display market, at least until such time [indiscernible] something like a very new format as displays start to move -- so that end market has become easier to predict. Second, what we're seeing with the behavior of the new very strong panel makers is they're seeking to optimize panel price, and they are reducing their utilization to match more closely with the actual orders from set makers. So this has begun to change that dynamic of how much inventory gets built up in the value chain.   Now this has only been a couple of quarters, a couple of 3 quarters. And so it's too early to tell is this going to be a more longer-term change. If it is a longer-term change, that will reflect well on the health of the industry and the smoothing out of these cycles that you are pointing out. The pandemic was sort of a mega cycle, and we're sort of still dealing with some of the things that happened during that period. So that may be more color than you're looking for, Samik, but it is a question upon which obviously we're pondering. 
Wendell Weeks: The answer to your question is yes. It is an interesting opportunity. And it is -- coming back to [ enhancing ], hey, capability we have that others don't, which is this ability for us to actually respond globally across a really big geographic footprint, not only in the U.S. but across the globe. Because this search for energy is more than just finding the exact right communities here. And so yes, it does offer a significant opportunity for us for both innovation as well as volume. But it's too early to factor that in because they haven't found all the energy sources yet that will be required, and they're still dealing with the infrastructure ramifications therein. 
Wendell Weeks: And we just don't see a lot of that happening this year. Steve, we'll be -- this is most of our newest innovation will be aimed at the model year following this. So we're not looking at MC as being a big catalyst for near-term growth in terms of versus Q1, right, for this year, but future it will be. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks for the question, Wamsi, and I understand the desire to have all that information. I think the simplest way to think about it is we are committed to generating return in this business. And we think we will do that in 2024. We did that in 2023. And our goal is to get the economics to be similar as we go forward regardless of where the yen winds up and where we are able to hedge.   We'll be -- we're good at hedging. We've got a long-standing program. We will look for attractive opportunities to build our 2025 hedge portfolio. And if the yen breaks our way, we'll go out beyond that. I think it's too early to talk about core rate or that kind of discussion, but I think you should just think about our display economics that we'll deliver in 2024 as being the way to think about our display business. So we'll raise price to offset the impact of the yen and the net of those two things to get you to the same place. That's the way we're thinking about it. We've made some nice progress on hedging, and we'll continue to keep you updated as we go. I think that's the way you all should think about it. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes, Meta, on your other question. So first, I would start with we actually have capacity to do much more than $3 billion in sales. I think we're framing it up as we see it. Where those sales come from, where those opportunities come from will depend on whether we need to add anything beyond what we have in place today, but we feel very confident in supporting a number well above $3 billion.   There are certainly a few places where we might spend a little money, but it's all encapsulated in the CapEx guide we gave for 2024, and we ramped our capital spend down in the back half of 2023. So sitting here today, I don't see any need for significant amount of capital. A good example might be as we build out our auto glass business, and we continue to win there. We might need to spend a little bit, but not the kind of capital you're used to when you build like melting capacity for glass, more on the finishing side. So I think we -- our goal is to generate a significant amount of cash flow off of the existing capacity we have in place. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Samik, as you articulate, panel maker utilization was low generally in Q1. We certainly saw a step-up towards the end of the quarter. We're expecting them to run at higher levels through the second quarter and really through the year because if retail is flat just to meet that flat unit demand, they would have to run at significantly higher levels for the remaining 3 quarters of the year to meet that demand. We're not guiding specific volume increase from Q1 to Q2, but I think it's pretty meaningful. 
Edward Schlesinger: Sure. Thanks, Asiya. On inventory, just think of it as we had a very low volume quarter in general. Our volume will go up through the year. So we still view inventory as an opportunity to take it down from the level we're at and we think that will be a catalyst for cash flow in 2024. With respect to OpEx, I'm going to answer your question, but I'm going to reframe it a little bit as well.   So sequentially, our OpEx was up. The simplest way to think about it is that our variable compensation in '23 was lower than normal because we didn't perform to target in 2023, so we just didn't pay out at target. We've reset our targets, we expect to perform in 2024. So our variable compensation is at a normal level. But what I think is important to take away on OpEx is we are committed to keep our OpEx relatively flat to where it is. It will move around in any given quarter. It's -- I think we're -- we were about $700 million in the first quarter. It could be in the $700 million to $725 million range. But if we're able to do that over time, it creates another leverage point for us as our sales grow, and that's why we talk about powerful incrementals, gross margin expands and operating margin expands as well where profitability expands more than sales. So I feel good about OpEx overall. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. No apologies necessary, Asiya. Yes, what I shared earlier was the most important thing is to think about the return we generate in this business, our goal is to generate an appropriate return. You could think of that as what we will deliver in 2024 or what we delivered in 2023. And we're going to use yen hedging and raising price in combination to generate that economics or those economics to generate that return.   And so we have made progress on our hedges. We've made some nice progress, and we'll be opportunistic throughout the year, and we'll look to hedge at attractive rates. We're not sort of discussing the details. And I think it's too early to think about how to frame up core rate for 2025. So we'll keep you posted on that. But just think of it as the overall profitability level or cash generation level in the display business. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think the way to think about it is if you go back to Q2 of -- I'm sorry, Q4 of 2022, that was our low point. We've expanded our gross margin 300 basis points while our sales have come down almost $400 million. We've done that by improving our productivity ratios, running our factories better and by raising price.   So we're actually at a very nice baseline of 37%. And I'd remind you that 37% is closer to 39% when you think about the old map before we absorb inflation and raised price, right? So we're starting from a very nice base and we have the capacity in place to support a lot higher sales, which is not normally the way we would grow. So as sales come back, we would expect our gross margin to march up along with those sales nicely each quarter. And then I mentioned just before, we also believe OpEx are on the operating margin line is another leverage point for us. So that's how we think about those powerful incrementals. I think you should just think of it as we will march up as our sales grow from 37%. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. So I think we can get there. But just as a reminder, the 40, if you go back in time, we've absorbed a significant amount of inflation and raised price, which brings our margin percentage down. So 38% is sort of the new 40% in old math. But I still think despite that new base, we can get back to that 40% level as we accrete our sales up. 
Edward Schlesinger: Yes. I think it was more or less in line with how we would have expected it. I think it's a business that will grow as we add more Corning content. That's the way we think about it for the year. We don't see smartphone market being up that much in units maybe a point or 2 for the year. There certainly can be some growth in the IT space, but even that is single digit, maybe mid-single-digit level.  So I think the growth catalyst here is for us to add content into the market. 
