Ann Nicholson: Thank you, and good morning. And welcome to Corning’s third quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Wendell Weeks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Schlesinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Evenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. I’d like to remind you that today’s remarks contain forward-looking statements that fall within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. These factors are detailed in the company’s financial reports. You should also note that we will be discussing our consolidated results using core performance measures, unless we specifically indicate our comments relate to GAAP data. Our core performance measures are non-GAAP measures used by management to analyze the business. Third quarter GAAP EPS reflected restructuring and asset write-off charges, realized gains and unrealized non-cash mark-to-market losses on currency hedging contracts and non-cash mark-to-market adjustments associated with the company’s Japanese yen denominated debt. As a reminder, mark-to-market accounting has no impact on our cash flow. A reconciliation of core results to the comparable GAAP value can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at corning.com. You may also access core results on our website with downloadable financials in the Interactive Analyst Center. Supporting slides are being shown live on our webcast. We encourage you to follow along. They are also available on our website for downloading. And now I will turn the call over to Wendell.
Ann Nicholson: On the fourth quarter, I know there’s been some discussion on panel made utilization coming lower, but I am not -- I just wanted to reconcile that with your comments that the panel maker utilization will increase as you kind of look ahead.
Ann Nicholson: Thank you, Wendell. Thank you, Josh. I will wrap up for today. Thank you for joining us. Before we close, I wanted to let everyone know that we will be attending the UBS Technology Conference on November 28th. Thank you, Josh. Additionally, we will host management visits to investor offices in select cities. And finally, a web replay of today’s call will be available on our site starting later this morning. Once again, thank you all for joining us. Operator, that concludes our call. You can disconnect all lines.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. We think that what’s happening in the fourth quarter is a temporary situation as panel makers and set makers work through their pricing environment. As you know, panel prices have increased throughout 2023. That said, we think the inventory levels, we exit the year with healthy inventory levels and retail doesn’t really have to improve for panel maker utilization to go up at some point in 2024, we think that’s relatively early in the year.
Ed Schlesinger: Hey, Matt. This is Ed. I will take a first question. So, first of all, the most important thing for us has been focused on improving our profitability and cash flow, obviously, if we improve our profit, that also improves our cash flow and I think we have done a nice job of that over the last several quarters. Our cash flow conversion was up nicely in Q2 and Q3 and we expect it to be up again here in Q4. So I think that’s first things first. And then I think if you remember back earlier this year, we made the last payment to Samsung on the buyback we did back in 2021. So as we go forward, we will certainly have more firepower to do things like share buybacks. We haven’t need any announcements. So we will come back and we will talk a little bit more about our plans next year, but I think you should feel good about where we are from a balance sheet and a cash flow perspective.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. Two other things, Wamsi, that I would add. One, we recently raised price in Display. That’s one way for us to address the yen. We are going to certainly readdress that or rethink about that as we go into 2024. And then, secondly, given the large differential in interest rates between Japan and the United States, there’s a pretty steep forward curve yen. So if you go out a year, it’s about ¥6. So you go out another year, it’s about ¥12 and so on. So just as you think about the rate that’s out there, it’s not the 150, it’s really the forward rate that matters to us because we could actually hedge at that rate right now. So the average over the next five years is below 130…
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. I would agree and I would say you are starting to see our capital spending coming down right now, you will continue to see that come down as we go through the fourth quarter and into next year as we finish up some of the things that we have been working on. So I agree with Wendell that we can support that and if there’s something new that’s not in that or something beyond that, we will talk about it with you all with respect to capital. But I think you can think of our conversion as being better than it has been over the last period of time, a couple of years.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. So we are -- these are super complicated agreements, okay? But fundamentally we are going to exit, we are going to have double-digit price increases as we flow through this back half. There will be further enhancement as we go into Q4. And all the dynamic that’s going on in our guide is we are also expecting panel maker utilization, which started to lower as we exited quarter three, we are expecting that to be pretty low through the quarter as sort of panel makers and set makers wrestle around pricing themselves and so that’s going to drive our volume down sequentially in quarter four. But we feel very good about the reset of the price and so we will continue to see those benefits in our profitability.
Wendell Weeks: Just because of the time cycles involved in materials development of our type of innovations, we start earlier, right? And then to have something novel like ColdForm just takes longer, right? What you are seeing is a lot of our long-term customers in Display are now looking to how do I apply those technology platforms to new areas. And what we have been able to do is help bridge them using our ColdForm technology and the strong access we have with Automotive players, right, to be able to bridge those long time customers to new market opportunities for them, all while they are sort of executing their move forward to add a lot more value to their Display Tech. I think it’s a great example of AUO, like intellects is another [ph], right, where some of these Taiwanese based players as they face the growing competition from the new big Gen 10.5 plants that we facilitated in China, they are finding good ways to use their capacity and their capabilities to enter the Automotive stack.
Wendell Weeks: 30% gap versus our long-term trend lines, that includes sort of what’s going on in cloud and so does our run rate, right, and the other apps. So, yes, that is giving you -- you have a good understanding that the gap in that one area is even more dramatic than the 30% gap we are showing you in total.
Wendell Weeks: Not that we are seeing. Now remember, cloud went through their own cycle sort of during the pandemic, right, and then adjusting to what they have to do with their value chains. And they are struggling now -- not struggling, but the reaming a lot of their CapEx is being aimed to do a large language model training and that basically adds a second network on the back end, adds even more fiber optic connections. So we have yet to start experiencing the rapid growth that, that represents in our run rate, right? But cloud has been pretty stable.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. So Opto visibility, it’s a great question. We are in the midst of our -- a detailed process with each and every one of our major carrier customers, just trying to figure out the answer to just that, right? What exactly are your deployments, what are your deployment plans, let’s roll that forward sort of quarter-by-quarter detail-by-detail. Because of the privileged position that we have, they are willing to work with us at that level of detail. That is not complete yet. When it’s complete, that will improve our visibility in that segment of our revenues. So more to come, I don’t have the answer right now, but more to come. As you step back from that, which is really answering the question of when exactly does it return, right? Next year though. Will we return to trend? We are highly convicted. You saw what those trend lines are. We showed you over the last 10 years. I can go back 20 years. I can go back 30 years, right? We can keep going back, and you will see that trend line, right, because basically, that’s what you see when you have an ascendant technology. We just keep entering markets with S-curves as fiber optics becomes the more economical way, as photons become more economical than electrons as bandwidth distance economics change and as more bandwidth goes up over shorter distances, basically more fiber goes in and that’s why you see those type of long-term technology trend line. So will it return to trend? Absolutely, we are seeing Optics actually enter strongly markets that hasn’t been before, right? And like wireless and we are seeing new applications like generative AI, which you need more fiber optic connections, right, for a given sort of compute power. So we feel good about the long-term trends. When? We are still working on it, Matt.
Wendell Weeks: So that gives you an idea of the sort of ceiling on our exposure is what would be the average rate sort of post 2024 if we reestablish long-term hedging programs. And what we are trying to do is sort of balance to see we believe that there will be an opportunity, because of the way in which the currency markets work to be able to put in place more long-term hedges at rates we like. If that doesn’t happen, we will institute an industrial fix, meaning price increase so that we maintain strong returns in this business for our shareholders and that’s the way we tend to think of it. It will either solve relatively easily in the currency markets in the timeframe or will -- to an industrial solution, the first step of which you just saw this year.
Wendell Weeks: I started to think about that at the moment, you said it. It’s super interesting, because like let’s stay on fiber, given that we are adding so much more value now for fiber tip than we did, right? So therefore, when they go down, we -- when we lose a fiber tip now, it causes more revenue fall off than it used to when we were just a fiber maker.
Wendell Weeks: I think that’s true. At the same time, the baseline is bigger, right? So I don’t know if it increases cyclicality. Let me think about that mathematically myself or Jeff and you have got me curious. Let me do a little bit of quantitative work and we will get back to you, Steven.
Wendell Weeks: And one other quick thing to add on this, Steven, because one as you know, what we have done to try to fix volatility of technology substitution curves is, we take and spread across multiple markets our three core technologies and our four manufacturing engineering platforms. In that way, it sort of any given point in time, markets that don’t move together, right, think like people don’t consume smartphones related to their COVID-19 vaccination rates, right? They don’t move together or cell and gene therapy doesn’t move with buying large-size televisions, right? So even though they use some of those same core technologies we have. And one of the things, so we get a balancing effect to offset some of that cyclicality and volatility. What happened during COVID, so in general, if you were to look at over time, what we have built is, if you think about correlation as being like negative one be negatively correlated, zero would be not correlated at all and one being highly correlated, you move the same direction. We have gotten our correlation to be down to like, I don’t know, 1.7 or so. So really relatively uncorrelated, which helps with that volatility. Then what happened in the pandemic as the pandemic sort of forced correlated a bunch of our markets that for different reasons, it don’t have a lot to do with each other and our correlation levels started to get 0.7, right? So highly correlated. And so that is -- so we are seeing our markets which should be diversification effects before it’s correlated by the pandemic and what’s happened after. The good news here is we are starting to see them get non-correlated again. So we are starting to see that go back to historical patterns. Now if you ask me which one I would choose reverting to mean on the absolute level of revenues or reverting to mean on our level of diversification? I choose more revenue, but we are already seeing the progress on sort of what should be our long-term effects of dampening of volatility. That was more than…
Wendell Weeks: And what we are -- you are looking at here is, again, it’s very unusual, which is sort of weird cycle with the pandemic and post-pandemic times is, I can’t think of a time, right, where we had the opportunity to generate as much revenue with capability sets that we have got ready to go in such a fast time period. I mean it’s -- so the incrementals here, they are a lot of set new records for us. That’s what we are going to be seeking to do and that’s the balance we are seeking to strike as we adjust to the run rate of today, we want to maintain that opportunity, because the power of that to create value for our shareholders is really, really powerful and interesting.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Wendell, appreciate the charts and your comments on long-term trends in Optical, but you are calling out inventory digestion right now across cloud, and so clearly, that implies there was an inventory buildup. So your trend lines through 1Q 2023 embed some over shipment as well and I understand that’s true even in historical cycles. But why do you think that the mean reversion wouldn’t mean a lower steady state level, for instance, I think, in the PC market as an analogy, people thought $250 million was sustainably going to $300 million to $350 million and now we are back to $250 million and growing at low singles. So I am just kind of curious as to whether you think that there is a reset that happens to a lower level given, perhaps, overbuild over a longer period of time? And I have a follow-up.
Wamsi Mohan: Yeah. Yeah. It does, Wendell. I appreciate the color. I guess as a follow-up in the spirit of looking at the long-term here.
Wamsi Mohan: On the yen, if you look beyond 2024, can you give us some sense of how much exposure is hedged and at what level, given that we are back at sort of the 150 level again? And just curious if you could give out some color on sort of maybe just beyond 2024, looking at 2025, 2026, what percent and at what level you might be hedged at? Thank you.
