Jim Flaws: So, we believe our price declines will be moderate again in Q1, have most of that done now and we're delighted by that, and we think all the trends in the industry are positive for ASP and we expect moderate price declines every quarter this year. 
Jim Flaws: I don’t think I used the word firm up, I believe. Volumes are very strong, actually all of last year. They were stronger than we expected in quarter four and we think they will be good in quarter one. So -- and if you come there are events, we will be giving you lot more details and full guidance for the Display market.
Jim Flaws: Earnings would have been up in quarter four without the receivable write off. I think the number is 8%. And in terms of gross margins in Specialty and Gorilla, we expect them to improve this year. 
Jim Flaws: No, the gross margins were three minor items that made it be -- I think it rounded about 1% lower. There is nothing significant there. 
Jim Flaws: As you know, our gross margin is always a mix of the various business, but our expected gross margin to be 43% with the yen at 99. 
Jim Flaws: I don’t actually have that comparison in my head, of what it was before the cut. So I'll think about how much we're going to disclose on that. In terms of the touch and notebook market, actually there was some progress this past year versus 2013 and we expect some continued progress of the share of it grows as a part of notebook market and we actually have improved our own share of that in ’14 and we expect to improve it again in 2015. It’s just not a fast growing change.
Jim Flaws: Incorrect. We never said we had two thirds of 2015 at 93. We had a small proportion of 2015 at 93. And what we had done is chosen from accounting point of view a selective blended rate of 99 that carries over the three years. In any given quarter the rate maybe slightly different but we are allowed to choose a blended rate and we’ve done that for the three years. But we never have that higher proportion of 2015 hedged at 93.
Jim Flaws: We don’t -- the movement in our hedge rate around this blended rate is very, very tiny. So in our core reporting numbers you see it’s all done at the constant 99. In our GAAP you will see the settlement of hedges in the current quarter and then the mark-to-market for the entire portfolio of hedges.
Jim Flaws: It’s never been a big driver. It’s kind of a growing business, and you're going to hear more about it at our IR day in a week.
Jim Flaws: So the take or pay contracts are -- there was no enforcement action in quarter four, meaning that no one stopped taking and didn’t fulfil their contract and therefore we booked the overall revenue that was outstanding on the contract. What you saw was primarily the impact of people. In order to keep the contracts current, they have to buy a certain amount within a calendar year. But we see people delay that until the fourth quarter. Then you recall actually in the fourth quarter of 2013, we had the sudden rush. We actually couldn’t fulfill it all and some spilled into quarter one of 2014. We're prepared for that this year, but people are living up to their contracts. But there is no enforcement of a take or pay where we recognize the revenue in quarter four.
Jim Flaws: So assuming that we get moderate price declines every quarter, which is what our expectation is, we expect excellent cost reduction and that will contribute to improve gross margins.
Jim Flaws: Again Mark I can’t comment on what are our competitors are seeing and doing and what their outlook is. You can read their public statements. I can only comment that for quarter three of last year, quarter four of last year, quarter one of this year we have seen a moderating price decline and we expect that to continue.
Jim Flaws: No, I have no correlations between energy prices at retail and sale televisions. We clearly believe that consumers are getting in their pocket quite a bit of benefit from the lower gas prices if you use oil. And so we think that could potentially show up in a rush [ph] in terms of strength in consumer electronics and strength in the car business. Relative to our own cost structure, energy is a very small component of our build materials. Actually as I think you know, in Display our largest component by far is depreciation. But generally we're a natural gas user, not an oil user. The days we fired our tanks with oil are long gone. But it will be a slight benefit. We do have some hedges. So we don’t get the immediate benefit of that.
Jim Flaws: I think that as always our gross margin is the add up of all our various segments. If we get moderate price declines on Display all year along, other than Q2 which is generally the lower volume quarter, I think we have the ability to slightly improve Display’s gross margins with a accommodation of cost reduction and moderate price decline. As you’re thinking now Gorilla is actually our highest gross margin product. And so if there is a strong market growth in phones and tablets and it flows to us, that will help us from a mix point of view. In telecom, things that are selling well and have slightly higher gross margin compared to the average segment. So that could help. And finally in Environmental, we have made dramatic improvements in manufacturing. So our gross margins are improving there. So I think you could see a slight increase in gross margins as we go through the year.
Jim Flaws: The Samsung deal has not closed. So that probably won't close until the end of February or the end of March. So you probably won’t see much impact of that until Q2. 
Jim Flaws: I’m going to have to ask you to hold that question till our Investor Day on February 6, because Iris will be talked about by both Wendell Weeks and Jim Clappin. 
Jim Flaws: I’m not going to give the specific numbers on price but the reduction for the full year of 2015 should be quite a bit lower than what it was in 2014. In terms of market growth, I think we have handheld square feet growing 15%. We’re thinking media tablets could grow in the upper single digits. And then of course we will have some growth from touch on notebook. And just a reminder, we hope that all flows to us, but we have to always manage the supply chain [indiscernible] but we would do think that those are the kind of growth rates we'll see at retail.
Jim Flaws: Well, the glass industry is adding capacity because of the continued drive to more Fin. As I think you know that for us in Korea we were quite a bit lower amount of Fin. So the glass industry overall is benefitting from the move to Fin. Corning's benefiting from it quite a bit in Korea right now. In terms of new glass tank construction, there have been an announcement by one of our competitors. I don’t think that has much impact on 2015 and they did say they would do the same thing as they did in the past and shutdown capacity in Japan. I just have to rely on their public statements as you do. So I think -- I don’t think you will see any surge of glass capacity coming on. And I would say the industry continues to manage their tanks in an appropriate manner. As an example we have tanks that remained closed that we're not lighting up. 
Jim Flaws: Rod it’s probably a little premature, because I don’t have the final numbers for December but directionally I continue support what you said. I think that we felt, first all prices came down more than we originally expected. And that particularly a large size of consumers are choosing 4K overwhelmingly. But I just don’t have final numbers. But I think in 10 days I'd ask you to direct that question at our display market team which will be in New York. We may have better data there. Just speaking personally, but the CFO’s spin on it, I think 4K will be better than our official numbers. 
Jim Flaws: Well, we haven’t given a specific number for Q1. It’s again very moderate and continuing the trend we had. I don’t think there has to be bottom on this. We'd love to continue to have price declines edge slightly lower every quarter. I'd like to see if we can make that happen. But clearly we have high hopes of a low number. 
Jim Flaws: Rod, I think it would be all speculation on my part, because I don’t know exactly what the regulations would be and how they would enforce them. I think our policy statement is pretty firm. We think that the regulation exists today, has been very beneficial for the industry and we think people ought to be very careful about that. But as to exactly what it looks like and what our customers may do, it'd just be speculation on my part. I do think all of this comes against the obvious trend of bandwidth demand continues to grow very rapidly, driven by video in particular and I think everybody has to keep thinking about what consumers want. And so -- but when you come to New York for our IR Day, I urge you to talk to Clark Kinlin and give -- our telecom guys there might have stronger point of view about it. 
Jim Flaws: Overall for CPM, we had the reduction in cost from reducing the number of people. We had increasing utilization. We had standardization between what we call our wholly owned business and CPM in terms of best practices. And then of course as you mentioned actually volume did help us. So I have to say it’s more the same for 2015. I can tell you that Jim Clappin will be giving a presentation and will actually unveil a new number for 2015 there. I’ll give you a tease that it will be better.
Jim Flaws: I just don’t have those details with me. Steve so I’d ask you to ask Clark Kinlin about it. I just don’t have him with me.
Jim Flaws: We obviously have seen the reports of cutbacks in Japan. I don’t have any information as to whether it has anything to do with the yen or maybe very customer specific to that panel maker. I really don’t have much detail on it. Obviously for us we continue to think that worldwide demand is strong. Regionally China has been very good for us. So I think some of those statements attributed that cutback to less demand for China, but overall our Chinese demand has been very strong.
Jim Flaws: So, we will be giving our U.S. cash position in our 10-K, which should be filed in the second week of February. It has been improving. We don’t hold Euros. So we’re not losing. Our treasurer is quite proud of himself this morning for having not been holding Euros. So we don’t have that situation and we do have repatriation plans and strategies as we talked about before and when you see our 10-K, I think you’ll be delighted.
Jim Flaws: They really were pretty minor things. I think we made an adjustment to one sales contract that would have been amortized over a three years and we took it all in one quarter because of the change in terms, and it was a little bit of customer mix in one of our businesses for lower gross margin customer. So as I said, it was nothing that was of any significance and it was not an alarming trend or anything to us.
Jim Flaws: Well, the majority of the impact is due to the mix shift with Gorilla 4 and the higher pricing of Gorilla 4. We do hope to have smaller price declines on Gorilla Glass 3. There is still big customers who are buying that. I think we have completed a lot of our Gorilla price negotiations. I don’t think we’ve done them all at this stage.
Jim Flaws: Sure. So short term new entrants have not have much impact on market price. We’ve seen them in smaller generations in China and somewhat in Taiwan. But they really have not had much of an impact on the market at all. They clearly have higher aspirations as to everybody who is in business and so we recognize over the longer time, and I emphasize longer term, we know we have to compete with it. Many of these are state owned enterprises, but in the short to medium horizon I don’t think this is an issue for our display business and our results.
