Wendell P. Weeks: Great. Thanks for the question, Rod. I will deal with the first one first, second, second. As far as sharing how we'll deploy the $10 billion that we are going to invest in our growth and sustained leadership, we will be sharing more in the future about how we think about that allocation towards which of the various platforms we're going to be leaning. But we'd like to do that as we engage with folks like you and our investors over the coming months. There will be pieces of it which are still in stealth that we won't be able to share, but we will be able to give you a pretty good idea of where you can expect to see us place our emphasis. Now to why now really is your question. So really it's three things that are leading us to discuss this at this point in time. The first is, as you know, we have a pretty strong engineering and scientific culture here. And what that means is that we have hypothesis and we test them with control. So the core of the hypothesis here is that we can increase our return on innovation through focus on our three, four, five plan. We have been running experiments to prove that hypothesis. And that also takes a control. And so we have been looking side by side. We've analyzed the data. And what we are able to conclude is that we do see a much higher return on innovation when we use the portfolio as we just described. That increasing productivity of the portfolio helps get at the next two items. The second reason that we're talking about it today is that we had to be confident that we could sustain our cash flows even in a time when the economy wasn't going our way. And we're really confident that we can do that, Rod. And then, finally and perhaps most importantly, when you focus a portfolio, you have to be really sure that there is enough opportunity sets in that portfolio to generate a lot of growth. And where we are right now is very confident in that. The amount of pull from our customer base that makes use of our three, four, five capability sets is quite high. So really, those are the three reasons you are hearing from us today. We've run the experiments, the data's in, the probability of success goes up, cost of innovation goes down, and our competitive advantages go up when we apply it. We're confident we can sustain our cash flow even in times of economic uncertainty, and our opportunity set is big enough that we can benefit from focusing.
Wendell P. Weeks: So 4K continues to track in a way that we like. And now, actually where we're starting to turn a hunk of our focus is what version of 4K can create the most compelling package for our customers. And that is with the add of quantum dot technology as well. But we're really liking the way these sets are looking, the improvements in them from a performance standpoint. It's still too early to call the bend in the curve, right, where it's going to drive replacement cycles. And we've got an awful lot of noise in the marketplace with the really strong dollar, sort of the economic headwinds. So the data just isn't screaming at us yet that we've got that driving replacement cycle feature. But, gosh, you can't help but look at these things technically and really like what you're seeing.
Wendell P. Weeks: I think the short version is, yes, you're going to see us use that type of tool. Especially in Telecom, we think we have a lot of potential leverage that looks just like that. So that is one of the things we are going to do as we deploy that $10 billion.
Wendell P. Weeks: So, Mark, first, thank you for not making me feel old today. Usually I feel a little bit old, but you're right, we've got some stuff that we started before I was born, which is like nice. All I do is work with young people these days. So I normally feel old. But anyway, I digress. So as far as Dow Corning goes, we're not going to discuss any further than that we have a potential transaction under discussion with our good friends at Dow. Shifting gears and talking about transactions in general, and what happens to our out-of-focus assets. So our out-of-focus assets, as I said, we're running them pretty well and they're generating higher than their cost of capital in terms of returns, but we think that some of these assets may offer more synergy to others. If we can realize that synergy, including any friction costs that may be involved one way or the other for our shareholders, those are the transactions we're willing to consider. As you take a look at the overall framework of being able to deploy $20 billion, right, and investing in our growth and back to our shareholders, any transactions in any of the areas we're talking about represent upside to that deployment. So thanks, Mark, for making me feel younger.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, the short answer to your first question is, yes, there are many things that make me feel impatient, right, about making progress. But in general, I think the most significant source of frustration these days is that as we use our three, four, five plan, right, and we apply our core technology sets in our manufacturing and engineering platforms and our market access platforms, when we try to introduce a new product to a customer who knows us well in other areas, sometimes we forget that different industries move at different speeds. So not everything moves like tech, not everything moves like consumer electronics and mobile consumer electronics. Matter of fact, few things do. So for instance, it is frustrating how long it's taking us to get widespread adoption of lightweight glazing in automotive. It's a heck of a good idea, good for consumers, it's good for the environment, it's good for safety, it's good for almost everything. But the industry, even when you're a highly-valued supplier, as we are, it just takes time. So I think the degree of speed with which our innovation can make a difference to our top line's a little frustrating.
Wendell P. Weeks: But it's an excellent question, Doug. I mean, as our display maker customers hit the – they never make a lot of money. But as they hit pain, I mean, they will increase the pressure. And then the question's going to be what do our competitors choose to do and do the factors that Tony's laid out, which is as they're basically approaching breakeven in one of them and the others profit is greatly reduced, how do they react to that pressure given that the display makers are on the opposite side of the yen, too, and have gotten that tremendous benefit. So you're on the right question, how that dynamic plays out in the coming quarters is important. I think the good news is, what you heard from Tony was, in this next quarter, we expect our Display pricing to moderate further than it did in quarter three. And the profitability problem is already upon the display makers. So that's encouraging data, Doug, encouraging data.
Wendell P. Weeks: From the most macro standpoint, it's not the amount of trucks that are bought in the world. That we don't need to grow. What we need is more compliant trucks. And then same thing with cars, even though cars continue to expand and grow very nicely, right? For our automotive – our Environmental business, it is driven by compliance. So the tighter air requirements get, the more of our components get used and as new countries come onboard to clean up their air, that's what adds the big sort of swaths of demand. But it's really excellent question.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yeah. I think in a way, we tend to be – the timing piece for us, by and large, it's possible to miss timing on both ends, right? But where we tend to miss timing is we're ready earlier than our customers which, I guess, beats the heck out of the other (1:01:05), right? So that can lead us to have capacity out ahead of demand. That can lead us to have innovations ready before our customers need to pull them. And it's been one of the lovely things about mobile consumer electronics is it's almost impossible to be faster than those guys. So we continue to work on how do we get better at picking these inflection points, and actually I commented that Jeff Evenson, our new Chief Strategic Officer, is here today. A big part of his new role is to work on exactly that and how do we get a little better at understanding not only the timing basis for our innovation sets, but also when our potential inflection points in our market sets and how should that impact the timing of our capacity decisions. I think you're quite right to note it is an area where we can improve. Hopefully more to come on that topic.
Wendell P. Weeks: I wouldn't make assumptions or speculate today on that matter, though I do understand why you are trying to.
Wendell P. Weeks: Yes. We do think we're going to have a positive trajectory. I mean, where we are right now, as I explained before, is driven really by a few things. The first item is in our Display business. In the third quarter, our volume was a little bit less than what we expected, and that negatively impacted our cost. But we can take cost out and reduce capacity to meet market demand. We are doing that. And in the fourth quarter, our gross margins are actually consistent in the fourth quarter of 2015 as they were in the fourth quarter of 2014. So the real issues are in Environmental and Optical Communications. And in both those businesses, we put capacity in place for new businesses that isn't showing up today. We expect those businesses to show up in 2016. For some reason they don't show up, we certainly will take the cost down. But the whole purpose of this framework and the integration of this is partly to drive us to the lowest cost producer, and that definitely helps us from a gross margin standpoint. So I think over time, right now, we're certainly having seen some gross margin compression as our sales are going down. But as our sales return, we'd expect gross margins to expand.
R. Tony Tripeny: All right. So, Rod, no, these numbers actually were a little bit worse than what we had expected. When we began the quarter, we thought volumes would be up sequentially, and they weren't. Now some of that, of course, was the contract dispute that I talked about. But the rest of it was panel maker utilization went down a little bit more than we expected, and the reason it did was our expectations for the end market came down during the quarter. And those expectations came down as evidence came in that TV demand was going to be lower for the full year than we thought it was going to be, and that was also true from an IT demand standpoint. I think in the call last time we talked about how we could be wrong on this and it could come down further in Q3, and that's actually what happened than what we originally anticipated.
R. Tony Tripeny: So clearly, I think over the next three or four years, we will be adding debt to the balance sheet. We're not prepared now to talk about what the timing of that is in terms of when we need to do it. Right now, we have good cash balances, $5 billion including $2 billion offshore. And so we're currently working to try to determine what that is. But keep in mind that our objective is to have debt balances of 2x our EBITDA, and over the next few years we will be putting debt on to do that.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. Thanks, Vijay. I think Wendell said before that we feel like there's big opportunities in the Optical Communications business, both with our internal growth opportunities and applying our three, four, five strategy, but also from an acquisition standpoint. And I would expect that most of our focus, as we go forward the next couple of years from M&A, would be looking in the Optical Communications area. We think we can generate good synergies there. We've got a big powerhouse machine that's there today with $3 billion of sales. And I think it gives us really good opportunities to bring in companies and make them better. We've done three acquisitions this year. And in those acquisitions, we're really happy with our results. And we've been able to prove out, I think, our ability to really drive value with those acquisitions. So I'd expect more of the same.
R. Tony Tripeny: For sure, we think that that's always a possibility and that that could put pricing pressure on us. But I think what we really expect to see is as those panel makers go closer to cash costs that they will cut back their utilizations. We saw that in the third quarter in the small gen sizes, and we think we'll see that over the next couple quarters in the larger gen sizes. And so the reason that we're confident are the three things that I talked about relative to the financial situation with our competitors, the benefit that has happened with the significant weakening of the Japanese yen, and then our ability to keep glass supply and demand balanced by taking capacity offline.
R. Tony Tripeny: So, right now, our expectations is that there will be some decline in Q4, but it's – we expect that softness is likely to continue into Q1. Part of that is, is that we do know that some panel makers are bringing on capacity in China and we think that that has an impact. Of course, we don't know for sure. We were wrong in our last quarter conference call on how much was going to be in Q3 versus Q4. And, of course, we could be wrong here. We do think that that is what is going to be necessary to get the supply chain inventories at a healthy level. Clearly, since demand is less than what we thought last quarter, even though inventories are going to go down in the fourth quarter, that inventory level at the end of the fourth quarter is a little bit higher than what we would have projected last quarter. And we expect that to bleed off in the first quarter.
R. Tony Tripeny: I think growth in the Environmental business in total, of course, is going to be driven by both what happens with trucks and light-duty vehicles. And on a global basis, as long as total production for light-duty vehicles increase, you'll see some growth in the Environmental business. And, of course, pollution regulations make a big impact on that business, too. I think from the heavy-duty diesel standpoint, we've seen strong growth in North America over the last couple of years, some of it economically driven, some of it regulation driven. In Europe, the regulations in particular caused nice growth in 2014. I think what we are faced with right now in 2015 in China is just that the truck production is down significantly compared to what it had run at actually over the last six years, and down about 34% on a year-to-date basis. In that, from a very specific to China impact is – impacting us both from a revenue standpoint but also from a cost standpoint because we obviously put cost in place to be able to manufacture to meet that demand. And until those sales turn around, along with the improving regulatory environment there, I mean, that's really what we're looking for in 2016. We think there'll be some improvement in 2016, but we're still waiting to see. We certainly don't think that'll improve much in Q4.
R. Tony Tripeny: No. I think on the first question, any potential transactions, we're not going to talk any more about Dow Corning, but any potential transactions are additive to that number. I mean, what we have very clearly stated is, is that we believe we can deliver more than $10 billion back to shareholders based on our current plans. And anything on top of that from a transaction standpoint would be additive to that. And our bias right now based on what we know would be to have those transactions be additive. But the bottom line is it's additive. In terms of the cash amount on the $2 billion, I mean, I think, clearly, it's our belief that $2 billion is an adequate amount to have from a company standpoint given our cash flow generations. And as a reminder, our goal is to have 2x EBITDA in debt. And our plan is to have that $2 billion reduce that cash over the next couple of years. In terms of where that cash is actually located, it will depend a lot depending on where our taxing policy is in the United States as we can always add the debt in the United States and keep the cash offshore, if that makes sense.
