Ed Schlesinger: Sure. Thanks, Mehdi, for your question. So first of all, we expect our CapEx in 2024 to be about $1.2 billion below our 2023 levels. As we mentioned, we have the capacity in place to deliver what we expect to be a significant sales opportunity. So we don't necessarily need to add a lot of CapEx. With respect to cash flow, what I shared was that we are guiding Q1 to be about $200 million to $300 million better than the prior year, better than Q1 of 2023. And we expect to continue to make progress on profitability and cash flow as our sales come back. And then I think your last question was around buybacks. Okay, yeah. So, we, of course, we always prioritize in returning cash, excess cash, to shareholders, and we will continue to look to do that through both our dividend and buybacks. I don't have anything specific to report right now on buybacks.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah. Asiya, I'll take that one. And I won't give you a specific quarter. I think that's hard to call. But if you think about the Q1 panel maker utilization levels and a mid-single digit glass market for the year, you would need to see a double digit increase from their current levels in Q1 to achieve that glass market. And even if the glass market were lower than that, let's just say even flat, you would still need to see a double digit increase from their Q1 level. So I think the answer to the sharp part of your question is yes, the timing is obviously harder to call.
Ed Schlesinger: I don't think so. I think we expect to have a nice year on free cash flow for the year. Nothing specific I would call out.
Ed Schlesinger: Yeah, I'll go first, Matt, on your first question. So I'll start off with, we have the capital in place or the capacity in place to deliver the sales. So first, from a cash flow perspective, typically we would add CapEx as we add sales. So that's a positive for free cash flow as we go forward. We also have the depreciation in our P&L for those assets. And then we also have some fixed cash costs that run through our P&L to support those assets. So generally speaking, the fixed costs are already in our P&L. So you would expect our gross margin to accrete at a higher level than our current gross margin level. So that's one operating leverage point or leverage point, if you will. And then I think on OpEx, we can also grow without adding OpEx much from these levels and that creates a second leverage point for us. So that should accrete both gross margin and operating margin from our current levels, and you should start to see that as the volume comes back.
Wendell Weeks: So we continue to expect BEAD funding really to start to translate into demand, the beginning of it, sort of late this year. They are progressing with awarding the grants and it will just take a bit for those to turn into real programs. So we expect sort of late this year.
Wendell Weeks: Okay. So it's a little harder to answer that because the actual opportunity between our markets returning to normal and our more Corning activities is larger than the $3 billion. So -- and then we discount back to what we're talking to you about, right? And so therefore, when you do the relative shares, it gets non-trivial to figure out. But I think, Wamsi, your fundamental grasp that the biggest individual mover will be that 40% up opportunity in optical, I think your own thought processes here are really solid.
Wendell Weeks: Did our price increase lead to a disturbance of our market position. And we see no significant change in our market position as a result of our pricing actions to share more appropriately where the yen is at and where inflation is at.
Wendell Weeks: I still think that the biggest thing that drives the seasonality or the different demand in different, I don't even know what to call it, seasonality, the different demand in different quarters is major product launches. And also major product launches not only of our customers, but also of us introducing a major new category defining product. And any sort of real analysis of this sort of points to it's the product, right? So I don't know that we can over-conclude much beyond that yet, Mark.
Wendell Weeks: Thank you. I think perhaps, my emphasis was a little wrong in talking about BEAD. We expected to start, this is what I was trying to say, it's not going to be a big mover in 2024. I think your understanding is correct. It starts to become a much bigger mover in 2025. So if I created any dissonance with that understanding that you had, I didn't mean to. I think you have a correct understanding of it. It's just that it actually, it has been not there and now it's going to be there beginning in 2024. But the bulk of it starts after that.
Wendell Weeks: It's too involved with our customers. I'm not being non-responsive. That's why I really do think that yes is about right. This is super important with our customers. And so we want to get that pretty well advanced and have a high confidence of where we're going to end up before we share that with our shareholders, right, so that we can make sure we're as accurate as possible. And that's -- so I'm not going to give ourselves an exact timeline, but this year, you can expect us to do that.
Wendell Weeks: On your question of, in our discussions with our customers, sort of what are the anecdotals, and it's a really good question because sometimes highly quantitative analysis and data points one way and anecdotal evidence points the other, right? And in those situations, that's telling you, there's dissonance there and how do we dive deeper to make sure we have the right data set and how do we create an understanding of those things that are pointing differently. In this case, what we're seeing is the anecdotals are in support of what we're seeing in our deeper analytics in our understanding of being well below our long-term trends and a need for that to revert back towards those underlying huge secular trends that drive our demand over time. So basically reinforcing the opinion of the data. And that is what we tried to reflect in what we discussed with you today.
