James Flaws: Mark, after what you speak direct to our competition about their intentions, we believe what we've seen in quarter one both, in terms of how the contracts are working on our share and on more moderate price declines indicates that now we believe the industry is moving to more moderate price declines for LCD glass, so that's the only initial indicator I can give you. I believe our competition is announcing the results today next week, so we look forward to hearing what they have to say about guidance, but that's our strong belief that we can see moderation the price declines in the LCD business.
James Flaws: We expect prices to decline on Gorilla. This remains a new product. It's in a consumer electronics industry. Although we think we can keep up with any price declines. The price declines in Gorilla tend to happen in the first quarter of the year. So you should expect some price declines this year. But we are very confident we can keep up with that in terms of our cost reduction and experience the great growth that we expect from this market going forward and we continue to do very well with all customers. Our recent announcement of our Gorilla 3 went over very well at the Consumer Electronic Show and we are expecting a strong conversion rate of new customers through this improved damage resistant glass.
James Flaws: Sure, Rod. So, on gorilla, I did say 30% and we think it is probably slightly higher than what the normal seasonality that we have experienced in Gorilla to be, probably because there was a little inventory build in Q4 but we now are six-year Gorilla and what we determined is Q1 is always the quarter where we see the weaker demand. So it is demand driven but that demand maybe partially affected by inventory. We see no change in market share for Gorilla. In fact, we think Gorilla 3 will actually improve our position. It’s a much better product. So we are not worried about the slight down in Q1 and actually anticipating very strong growth in the remainder of the year. In the back half of the year, we think touch will begin emerging on notebooks and as you know, notebooks are about twice as big as a tablet and many times bigger than the smartphones. So we think that will be good for us. So we are not worried about the slight down in Q1. Relative to the panel industry, it is a little hard for us to judge. Clearly the panel capacity has been moderated in terms of the growth over the past year and the new panel capacity in China by LG and Samsung is not coming on fast. So, as we continue to see the LCD market grow and I would emphasize again the large scale televisions and I mentioned the growth of 50 inches in the last year and average size going up. I don’t know if you had a chance to go to Consumer Electronic Show but clearly very large size and increasing focus on high-definition for those, I think, we will use up panel capacity whether it actually gets to its shortest or not, it is hard for me to judge from my position. But I would say there are good signs in the panel industry as well as in the LCD glass business.
James Flaws: I would say. I have to break it down by geographies, but in the U.S. I think television demand is fine heading in the Super Bowl. People forget that people buy televisions after Christmas. In China, we've had good contact with our customers who by the glass there, and Chinese television sellers, remember the Chinese brands are about 70% there. Their expectations are for a good Chinese New Year. And, demand, I think it remains mediocre in Europe. That's really no surprise. In our car business, which is the other consumer phenomenon that we experienced. Car demand, I think, in the United States remain strong, very weak in Europe. I think car demand in China looks fine. We do not feel like we've seen this big downdraft from the United States, from the payroll tax rolling back on and obviously the fiscal cliff negotiations, no help. A lot of the American accept they very welcome, so we were not seeing the big downdraft in consumer demand.
James Flaws: So, it's a little harder question to answer, Wamsi, than it used to, because how the mix for or Gorilla versus LCD, but we would say right now supply demand balance seems healthy. It was probably very tight in Q4, but healthy. We remain very full right now. The place where we have capacity down is in Korea. There really is no new footprint being built with one exception, I believe, of any duties one new tank in Korea, and so we are not really seeing new capacity come online. Obviously, everybody is continuing to progress to more thin glass, but that is a more gradual, so we expect the supply demand balance to remain in pretty good shape as we continue to grow so and we got it right in terms of fact the glass demand will grow again this year.
James Flaws: So what we did at SCP, they had bought some assets for expansion that we never implemented there and some of the assets were moved to their new project in China, but some of the assets actually couldn’t be moved. They are more fixed in nature, so that's what we impaired there. We are really not expecting that capacity again in Korea with what we know right now for LCD. So, it was really around the plans they had in 2011 that capacity that we put on hold and then now will move in equipment can be moved to China that it can't writing off.
James Flaws: We are looking at both alternatives. One alternative would be to go to U.S. dollar pricing. I think you are probably aware that the majority of the supply chain both, our customers get paid in dollars and most of the other components are priced in dollars. Then, we are also looking at whether we should hedge to protect ourselves from weakening in the yen.
James Flaws: So, on the latter it's a better value that we provide to our customers. That's fundamentally what we do, actually, in all of our products. As we go through generation shifts, we try to provide better value to them. I think that’s getting very good reception. On Gorilla for automotive, as I think I said on an interview fairly recently, we are very confident that we will have an order this year for Gorilla Glass to be put on a car. Don't think big volumes, but the first order is the most important. So, I think, we remain very confident that that could occur this year.
James Flaws: I think that we are looking for, as a result of the wholly-owned restructuring about maybe $60 million of cost benefit.
James Flaws: Yes, Amir I hope you come to our IR Day on February 8, because Jim Clappin will be addressing our outlook for both but we continue to expect smartphones to grow as a percentage of overall phones. We think we are the product of choice for that. We think tablets will continue to grow in all formats, both small and the normal size that we have got used to. I think the big upside, for us, in consumer electronics for Gorilla will be touch moving into the notebook market. I think you may have heard Wendell talk about this longer range. We think this doubles the size of the potential opportunity for Gorilla. We think PC manufacturers are going to drive to put touch on that. Obviously the cost of incremental touch on a computer has to be not too extreme but we think that people are working on that and obviously work around products that will help them to do that at a lower cost. So I think the future is very bright but Jim Clappin is going to be walking through our detailed forecast in both areas.
James Flaws: So, my comment on pricing as always I speak only in the yen-to-yen price declines. We obviously believe that the recent weakening in the yen which has benefited the panel makers should help us in trying to maintain low price declines. Remember that they took pain from the yen strengthening over that period of time. That increased the pressure on us. That's to be realized but when I gave you the moderate, it's the yen-to-yen.
James Flaws: So you are correct that we have seen quarter ones be greater than quarter four by slight amount. It really however was very dependent on what inventory positions are at the end of Q4, so we actually expected Q4 inventory work off to be a little bit greater, so you we factor in that as we think about we call the normal seasonality. I think you in our model, obviously model our own glass, the panel makers, the set assembly and at retail, but I would be happy to maybe our IR Day to spend some time with you on the seasonalities by quarter. I think a couple years ago, we actually laid it all out in a graph, but it is the combination of what we would normally see seasonality that's were talking about in fact that the supply chain is coming out little bit heavier on inventory than what we originally expected. They haven't done that. We probably would have been saying it's a year-over-year increase.
James Flaws: So, Brian, the opportunity in auto I think still exists. We believe that as I said earlier in the question will have a customer this year, and so we are still hopeful the auto industry I think moves at a slower pace than consumer electronics. In terms of Gorilla, clearly, the strength has been in smartphones and tablets. We are believers to tablets will continue to grow very nicely. We think there is no question that smartphones continue to come on the higher and higher percentage of phones sold, but I think the big upside opportunity is touch being extended to notebooks as we go through the course of this year and into next. I think those are where the big opportunities are.
James Flaws: Sure. On the yen, we don't actually as you know give sales guidance, but as we think about the yen, we think about what the rate is at the time that we put together our forecast, so we would have been thinking in the $80 million kind of range. We are not the world's best predictors of exchange rate, so we don't try to predict where it's going to go. On HSC, yes, we can help you. I am going to do that at the IR Day, and when we file our 10-K, we'll walk you through it in more detail. You should not consider that any kind of risk in restructuring there has any impact on Corning's cash position. It would have, obviously, an impact on Dow Corning's earnings and therefore would flow through to us as a special, but it's not a cash issue but we will actually outline all those risks for you on February 8th and in our 10-K filing.
James Flaws: I would say that the Sony television experience was obviously very disappointing for us, probably for Sony too. In the beginning of 2010, Sony told us what they were going to do and put it on a broad part of their line, including moderate priced televisions and then one year later, they didn't do that. That was very disappointing to us because we actually invested to do that for them. I don't regard that to be a sign for touch on notebooks. I guess you have the opportunity to talk to all the notebook manufacturers and software manufacturers about what they believe and where touch is going to go. I guess we could be wrong. I think the wrong here would be, maybe that the upside isn't as great as what we expected I don't see any potential disappointment coming in smartphones or tablets. So I think the question is whether touch on notebooks is a more moderate introduction or becomes a very strong introduction. We will have to see how that plays out. But we don't think the Sony television experience is a good forecast of that.
James Flaws: I think the board is very focused. Obviously they would like to try to improve the performance of the stock. They won't, as I said many times, prejudge what their actions are. I think that they will continue to look at it as we they through the course of the year. But I am not going to say exactly what they would do. I think that you have seen over the last 15 months the board being very active in trying to return money to shareholders through dividends increase and a large repurchase. So, I think that they will remain focused on that.
James Flaws: So I won't comment on NEG. I will just say that we are set for quarter one. These contracts work at the beginning of the quarter and we are done. So we are not expecting and expect any change from that. Relative to wholly-owned and SCP forecast, I have to admit we are not the best forecasters of getting it right, the split there. Right now, we would expect to see slightly greater growth in our wholly-owned business than at SCP. So we are not really seeing an expansion of capacity at our Korean customers whereas we have seen that in our wholly-owned business, particularly in China. So, I would say we tend to think it would be slightly in favor of the wholly-owned business, but again I offer you we are not the best forecasters of how it splits.
