James Flaws: Well as you know we tend to be a little more conservative on our guidance. We also are paying attention to the inventory in the supply chain. I would also caution you sometimes people focus only on AUO or LG and you really have to add up all the panel makers to get a forecast of the market. Clearly we could meet the optimistic case. If that is true and the market needs that much we will ship more. 
James Flaws: Yes, as I just mentioned we will have some costs at Shizuoka to get ready for Gorilla. So that will probably hold our corporate gross margin to be roughly similar to Q1 in Q2. Without that it would have gone up. We expect display margins assuming we are right on volume and pricing to get better. We expect Telecom to improve as we get more volume. We are quite hopeful that environmental will improve as the year progresses particularly as we stop air freighting and we run manufacturing better. So in general our gross margin outlook is optimistic for the company. Of course at any given time we can have events like the Shizuoka costs but we feel quite good about our gross margin and our manufacturing performance. 
James Flaws: Your first question on Gorilla in March we see strong demand. We are expecting in Q2 Gorilla on an annualized rate could exceed $200 million. So we are feeling quite good about that. On inventory, there is not too much we can do. If our customers keep buying we are going to keep shipping. We will clearly alert you guys if we think inventory has gotten too high as it did in 2008 but we can’t stop our customers from running. We are obviously at very modular capacity and would be prepared to correct if we had to. Frankly if it dipped a little we just put something in inventory because we have almost no inventory right now. Right now, inventory is at 17 weeks. If you take the more optimistic case in our forecast it doesn’t get to 20. 
James Flaws: I will take the latter question first. Gen 10 is a slight drag on our gross margin in the display business. We expect if Sharp ramps as they are telling us they are going to that goes away over the back half of the year. Relative to gaining share I would remind you that we talk about share for the total market and when you compare to NEG they are primarily focused on a couple of customers. We do expect to gain a little share back in Q2 compared to where we were in Q1 and Q4 in both the base and optimistic case. 
James Flaws: We said we haven’t changed our forecast but the tax rate could move up to 20% if we make the money we expect to make in Japan which has a much higher overall tax rate. Then I also said that if Congress should move to pass the Tax Extender Bill that could fall by a couple of percent. So that is the outlook right now. 
James Flaws: We have no immediate plans for the cash. We have talked about this year the company would think about our growing cash balance and whether we should be doing something more than just keeping it. When the board makes that decision we will update you. You shouldn’t take this move, the plan to move back by the way occurs in the later part of the year, as a signal we are about to do anything. We thought this was a very prudent move from a tax point of view and that is why we made the decision in Q1 to adopt the decision and it affects our tax rate on a book basis for the full-year. 
James Flaws: On the margins of the finishing it is not as [acid] intensive as glass. So we don’t need to have the very high margins we have the very high margins we have on the glass portion. Lastly, some of the added value we are putting on the glass is very important to our customers as they take this glass and do various things with it. It helps us to retain customers by some of the stuff we do with it. 
James Flaws: I would say we are hopeful that Japan will be a predictor of other developed economies but until we get complete results back from our consumer study I can’t declare that definitively. It is very clear from some data we have the various things that are happening in televisions; I will stress in particular right now the impact of LED with the thinness of the product appears to be driving the cycle. We have noticed in Japan the mix has shot up on LEDs. Remember they were introduced later there than they were introduced in this country. Of course we are interested to see how 3-D plays out particularly as more content becomes available. So we are hopeful. I just can’t prove it statistically yet. Clearly I think there is some good news in Japan. The question is how much. 
James Flaws: For glass in our base case or lower case, Q3 is higher than Q2. In our optimistic case both Q3 and Q4 are higher than Q2. As always we have to have a range because we don’t know exactly what the supply chain will do so when you pull it back from retail there is always some variability in inventory. For those who are worrying about Q2 being the peak quarter for us this year we don’t have that in any of our forecasts. 
James Flaws: Obviously I am not going to give you guidance for the remaining quarters but I will tell you the way the accounting works for tax rate particularly the total year rates obviously we would have had 10 throughout each quarter of the year. We are now thinking 2 every quarter and you can apply it to your forecast for the quarters. 
James Flaws: I don’t think about it that way. I will actually have to look and calculate it but keep going on your questions and I will get the math out. 
James Flaws: It is across the board but obviously we are thinking Asia is running well ahead but we actually raised our numbers for the United States and Europe also slightly. 
James Flaws: It is hard for us to determine exactly what drives the demand. Obviously when you look at the year-ago overall demand was very weak. We can’t know for sure what is refresh cycle. It is difficult for us to tell. 
James Flaws: The only studies we have are the CRT market which were 8-10 years. LCDs haven’t been around long enough for us really to have any of that kind of [actives]. That is what we are striving to get because that is where they have been around the longest. 
James Flaws: The answer is no. We are not expecting a 30% adoption rate in the total television market as early as 2011 on covered. 
James Flaws: It will still be a little bit of a drag in Q3 on the silicone business but Hemlock should have a very strong Q3. I don’t think it is going to be a large number but we will update you when we get later on in the quarter. 
James Flaws: On equity earnings I don’t think there is anything else that is really material. When you look at equity earnings you have the impact of the other part of SCP. We do have [uracara] in there but I am not aware of anything material happening. On Corsam the focus is beyond LCD. That is what we put into place for. It is focused on use of flat glass. Beyond that we are not disclosing where it is going. 
James Flaws: Directionally you ought to think about it as around $40 million a year. I am not quite sure how you got to the 50 but I am happy to deal with it offline. 
James Flaws: I am not sure I got your question totally but Shizuoka coming is not going to be in the display business. It will be for Gorilla. So we are not going to count it on that. Taichung the additional capacity we are bringing on would be at the very end of the year. On a theoretical basis if everybody was running everything perfectly if you annualize all tanks it would be between…it could get up to 3.4 for the industry. 
James Flaws: On the first one there really hasn’t been much change on the China display right now because there really hasn’t been a change in the people running the panel fabs. The next new fab I don’t think really has cranked up very much. So there really hasn’t been a change to date. What we are evaluating is the fact that when the Chinese government gets the final agreements to panel fabs they may be in multiple locations and as we said in February we are considering whether we end up having two factories and what the best place to put them is but that obviously will be dependent on where the fabs get finally approved. 
James Flaws: No.  Just a couple of quick closing comments to leave you with. Regarding the first quarter we could not be more pleased with our results and hope you are also. This was an excellent start for 2010 and we hope to build upon the performance. We believe there is the potential for further sales growth and gross margin expansion this year.  In Telecom we expect to continue to benefit from the cost reduction actions we took last year. In Environmental there is a significant opportunity to bring gross margin up to its historical levels. In specialty materials Gorilla glass continues to find its way into more products and hopefully a few more soon with much larger screen sizes. Investors often ask us what the most significant next business opportunity is for Corning and we think it is Gorilla. So we remain very optimistic about our potential to further grow sales longer term as well as the potential to further expand gross margin and our bottom line.  Lastly, a couple of investor related announcements. Our annual shareholder meeting is tomorrow at 11 a.m. right here in Corning, New York. If you are unable to attend in person the meeting will be webcast. We will also be speaking at the JP Morgan Technology Conference in Boston on May 17th. We will be on the road meeting investors in London early in the week of May 24th. If you would like to attend an investor luncheon there please call Ken. In June we will be attending the B of A large cap conference on June 3rd and the UBS Technology Conference on June 8th. Both of those conferences are in New York City. Finally on June 15th we will be in Minneapolis meeting investors and will likely have an open luncheon. Again, if you are interested in attending that lunch please call Ken. 
Wendell Weeks: It also informs us, one of the reasons we look at it is it informs us in how we play out our particular customer strategies around how do we want to handle our share and when do we want to make what moves when. It is very helpful information both I think for you and it also helps inform us as far as when we want to make what type of moves. 
Wendell Weeks: We are very closely engaged with the appropriate folks in China. We already have finishing operations in China. We have said we will be melting in China as well. Now it is just simply a question of where and when. We would expect to make that decision this year. As pertains to how we would address that market, we would primarily address that through our base operations [we are open to] depending on what happens with Samsung’s particular play in China. Considering a potential role for SCP. Any such consideration would look primarily to our interests first and at the same time some consideration for what it is best serves our customer base. 
Wendell Weeks: We are happy with the progress. I think as this business grows in importance to us what Jim and Ken will do is give some thought as to the best way to help you all think about the profitability on Gorilla. At the glass level its profitability is quite enjoyable but we add a lot of value to it with things like coatings, finishing’s, special surface morphologies and all of that added value is great from a revenue perspective and also very good for making more money at the bottom line. However, in terms of margin percent richness it is going to be significantly less than that of the glass. As we work our way through that we will think about the best way to help you to be able to build that into your models in the appropriate way. 
Wendell Weeks: I just want to cycle back to the first part of the question because I do think it is worth really giving some thought to what is going on in Japan. We are doing that but I also think it is worthy for those on the call to engage with our customer base to actually engage in some of those conversations with them. Some of our customers have in terms of long term outlook, leave this year…this is very long-term outlook, the extremely robust view of what they think is going to happen in terms of replacement cycle and in terms of television demand.  We don’t share those views yet but it is very interesting to know just sort of the tone of the dialogue around these factors and how actually the whole energy level around what is the right replacement cycle and what is going to happen on this new product cycle is going to play out. So it is quite intriguing and it is dominating a lot of conversation in the industry right now. 
Wendell Weeks: I would say that solar when we were all together in February what our comments were was that we weren’t moving forward as quite as aggressively as we would have liked. I would say that over the last few months we are feeling much better again. A lot of where we felt progress was slowing some had more to do with our own sort of internal set of priorities and how much work we were having to put in getting touch technology right, among a lot of other things. I feel really good right now we are back on track and making nice progress and we are continuing to see nice experimental data. We still have a lot of work ahead of us to finalize our product, the manufacturing process and to close on a major customer but I do feel like we are on the right track. 
Wendell Weeks: I would say in our conversations with the major computer makers, and I am sure you are hearing it as well from them, they seem to be feeling very strongly about the refresh cycle and demand in enterprise as well as consumer. Most of the conversations I am participating in sound very bullish on their side. I am sure that is what you are hearing too. 
Wendell Weeks: Actually I think two investor conferences ago Peter Volanakis presented sort of a bunch of our different data on some of the main factors that helped drive overall television growth. Included in that presentation sort of the historical ranges on replacement cycles and then what different replacement cycles would mean for overall demand in terms of glass. I am sure Ken would be willing to make that available to you. It is very helpful to think about what range you really believe and what the impact would be on glass demand if you are interested. 
Wendell Weeks: Sure. I think as you may recall there are three different major film types; [Cadtel, Sigs] and then micro morph tandem structures on silicone. I would say that we are very pleased with our progress in [Cadtel] and the continued positive lab level results we are getting. We are getting closer and closer to nailing down exactly what type of product would best serve that market. Similarly in [Sigs] we are getting closer and closer at nailing down what the product requirements would be and seeing some nice uptick in terms of conversion efficiency as we are doing these relatively massive BOEs to actually nail down can we improve conversion efficiency. Finally on the tandem structures I think we are about half way there in terms of being able to show a conversion efficiency gain that we would need to be able to justify specialty glass.  I think overall the good news is we continue to believe that we can generate significant increases in conversion efficiency using a specialty glass. There was widespread disbelief in the industry. Now I would say there is widespread belief of that in the industry. Now we have to turn to the next challenge to actually turn this idea into revenue. We need to have exactly the right product for each of these areas, exactly the right manufacturing process to deliver on the appropriate economics and then we need to catch the customer build cycle exactly right.  All of that is ahead of us but I think the good news is there is nothing about our original product content, the thin specialty glass that is proving to be not a good idea. 
Wendell Weeks: Similar to when we do highly finished IT parts in Gorilla we will see that same type of investment and that same type of product attribute for cover TV should we be able to actually close that business. All sorts of different ways to deal with light and I think the main difference between that and what we do for IT would be we probably wouldn’t have to put on our anti-smudge type material. It does add a lot of revenue, all of these various steps. That is quite true. 
Wendell Weeks: This is actually the same question our Vice Chairman, Mr. Flaws, has for us. I would say the level of our understanding is not yet deep enough to actually understand to give you an accurate answer to that question. In many ways it looks to us like it adds costs. I think clearly it is a cost add overall. How much they reduce their costs in other space we just aren’t expert enough yet on the overall manufacture of a television set to be able to answer that question accurately. 
Wendell Weeks: I think it is guess work on everybody’s part, guessing how China will actually choose to behave and what they will approve in any industry is quite challenging. The good news is we can actually wait until that process is done and then make our decisions and we will work with all of the right folks to be able to make the right decision. 
Wendell Weeks: BOE is one of our most valued customers. It has been one of our most early customers in China and so we think very highly of them. 
