Wendell Weeks: Thanks, Steven. In terms of this build cycle, I think the most interesting thing about it is how demanding it is? The nature of network builds is the big civil works projects, and they're big capital investments. And so they tend to be made with very long-term anticipation of growing demand. What's happened is during the pandemic, the networks sort of burn through their guardrail that they always tend to have. That was try to be about 18 months ahead of any demand. And so now you're feeling it. They're feeling the revenue opportunity even earlier as they build. So that provides a little more impetus. So that's like the first thing, I think, that's a little different than build cycles that you and I have seen in the past, Steven. There's much less on spec, more on, hey, the baseline demand has just moved up. There's more work from home. There's more need for bandwidth. There's more cloud. There's more – and it's here today. And so I think that's one thing. I think the second thing is our – the entry of fiber optics in a significant way into wireless. So historically in 4G systems or 3G, they've been relatively fiber-poor. They haven't been big consumers of fiber. But with 5G, those cells need to be so much closer to the consumer, to their customers. You need more densification, and that's driving a lot more glass into the wireless network. So it sort of put us in this position, Steven, where sort of like whichever network wins or whichever network, they tend to emphasize, it will be glass-rich. Now if that wasn't already more than you wanted to know, I think the third thing is that operators are building more converged networks. Especially the big folks used to run a wireless network separate from wireline, there would even be separation between what is aimed at consumers versus businesses. And now they're their very best returns were by putting in fixed glass networks and then being able to serve as many different offerings off the tip of that fiber. So in general, this has built a pretty good build case for the technology cycle continuing to move our way along with the build cycle. As you heard me say in the opening, one of the things we're doing when you sort of see that converged nature and you see more cloud is it's driving our innovation wheel to be able to find ways for people to install networks and have them be able to go in faster, less expensively and now greater using much less materials. And we have a whole suite of products that we're just starting to introduce that are going to help make this build cycle be a more effective investment for our customers.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. And Samik, what you're basically noting, and I think it's an astute observation is that, that demand above sort of our normal screen size growth is getting met by a reduction in the value chain downstream of us. So your question of does that basically put more demand out into next year, that's a good one. It all depends on how that supply chain ends overall. But I think it's a very good observation.
Wendell Weeks: John, don’t make me laugh on my earnings call, but yes, I think that's an excellent question. We're arguing about just that. And when do they move fully into our map structures, our market access platforms, we're not quite ready to have them graduate yet. But it's – but we're in the midst of that exact dialogue, sir.
Wendell Weeks: Sure. It's definitely impacting auto, display and our Mobile Consumer Electronics industries. But really, in all three of those, our backlog has been strong enough that we're not feeling it in our sales. So we're watching it really closely. But so far, we're not – we're just not feeling it in our revenue, although we know that it is definitely impacting the industry like auto is or in IT. They can't get it up, but we're still growing really strongly into that. So more to come, we'll look at it closely. And any insights that you pick up along the way, we would appreciate as well, sir.
Wendell Weeks: If I can just add to both, I think as you think about cash flow, CapEx and then our guide, fundamentally, our cash flow is really strong when we're not in a big build cycle. And that's what you're seeing right now as we are in to create and extend pieces of our value creation cycle. And you see it with our quarter one free cash flow conversion was 90%. And you should really expect this type of very powerful cash flow from us when we're not in a significant build cycle. It takes us about 18 months to get one of these big plants up, and then it takes us a while to fill it. We're now benefiting from the wisdom of our past build cycles. And so that's going to continue to be strong. On guidance, we've listened really closely to our investment communities. And what we've tried to do is – the feedback we've gotten is sort of what would be most valuable would be to move to the more macro sales and EPS level and to take it a quarter at a time for now. And then as we continue to progress under this method, if you or others have thoughts on how we could additionally improve our ability to communicate with investors, we'll be really open to it. So more conversation to come, and we look forward to your input.
Wendell Weeks: Great. So short version is they're increasing their investments in hyperscale really across the board. Our various folks are more vague versus more direct, right? But what you see is really across the board in hyper, folks are commenting that they are going to continue to increase their investment in data centers as they're going forward here in this year. So we're actually in a build cycle for them as well. Good news is we have the capacity. We're ready to go. And we're seeing that demand as you saw in quarter one, and we're going to continue to see it. And I'm really excited about some of our potential innovations in that space that will, once again, create that more Corning, more of our content, why we reduce hyperscale's carbon footprint. We reduce its cost and increase their ability to get them up fast.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. It's all – I think you're asking is because of the real crunch in the Life Sciences businesses, people are trying to react to everything that was needed for the pandemic. You do create some high variability in supply chains, and we'll experience some of that. But in general, because of where we're positioned with our products and our innovations, we're sort of going down the journey in Life Sciences. It looks a lot like our other market access platforms, where the areas that we've invested are going to grow faster than the underlying markets, and our innovations are going to lead to a more Corning story. And therefore, I believe we are in an elevated growth environment for Life Sciences going forward as our innovations just become more relevant to the secular trends in that industry.
Tony Tripeny: And then, Steve, in terms of the other segment, sales were about $270 million, a couple of hundred million dollars over last year. Vast majority of those sales were from Hemlock. Hemlock had a strong quarter, but we also saw a little bit of an increase in both our auto glass and in our Ballard business on a year-over-year basis.
Tony Tripeny: No, I think from an overall standpoint, you're right. I mean, we're expecting the demand this year to be similar to what's happened in past years. And that, of course, is really driven by what happens with large screen-sized TVs. And so what we're pointing out is how important, not only those are, but that's where we're seeing a lot of good demand. I think one of the other changes that have happened over the last couple of years is IT is also having stronger demand and what we've seen in the last couple of years. And given the work-from-home and study-from-home environment, we expect that to continue. So I mean, we expect our what really drives this market, as you know, Samik, is what happens from a screen size standpoint. We'd expect our screen size to be up in that 1.5 inch plus just like it has in the past, and that would drive that marketplace. The one thing I would note is the one market where demand isn't as strong from a TV standpoint is in China. And China hasn't been as strong in the last couple of years. And we would expect that to change over time. And when that changes, we do think that, that will be additional demand that isn't in the marketplace today. Whether that happens in the back half of this year or next year, we'll just have to wait to see.
Tony Tripeny: So I think in terms of the TV inventory levels, as Wendell said, we did see significant demand last year. And that definitely and continue to see good demand in the first quarter. And that clearly is impacting what's happening from an inventory level standpoint. And that is where we're seeing the continued reduction in those areas. And whether that sorts itself out by the end of the year or into next year really depends on what level of demand continues on a going-forward basis and not only on these large-sized TVs and IT, but also on IT products and then whatever eventually happens from a standpoint in China also.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I mean, I think – as I said, we saw growth on a year-over-year basis in both of those businesses, and we feel good about that. And I think there's definite benefit of having them in the other segment in terms of the real focus that we get, but then we also leverage our market access platforms at the same time. So we will definitely continue to debate that internally.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I mean, Wamsi, as you know, our stated goal is to expand our operating margins and improve our return on invested capital. And the good news is we're doing just that. And we believe these results are very good. And we think operating margin is the right place to judge our profitability. And the reason we focus on it, it's where we're utilizing our focus portfolio to capture synergies across our businesses. And you saw this expansion in operating margin. You saw it in Q3 and Q4 last year on a year-over-year basis, and you see it again in Q1. Our Q1 operating margin 17.1%, which was up considerably from last year, and our operating margin in terms of dollars was up 125%. So I mean, this is good performance and in line with where we were actually from a pre-pandemic standpoint. But as you noted, it was also included 150 basis points of cost from the $50 million of freight and logistics cost. And when you adjust for that, then it's extremely strong performance from a margin standpoint. And the good news is these costs will start to decline in Q2. They're going to normalize longer-term. And as that happens, you'd expect to see continued expansions from a margin standpoint. Now one question we get a lot is, well, what does Hemlock do to our margins? And this is a really good example of why we think if you're going to judge our profitability, operating margins is the right place to judge it. Is it actually a drag on our gross margin percentage? On average, it's about 50 basis points. But in Q1 because we had a little bit stronger business in Hemlock, it was actually greater than that. But it is slightly accretive on an operating margin standpoint. And that's why we think it's important to think about things from an operating standpoint. So from where we sit, we think it was really good performance in Q1. And you'd expect to see improved profitability as we turn to a more normalized environment.
Tony Tripeny: Yes. I think from a CapEx standpoint, what we said back in January is we thought CapEx would be pretty similar to what occurred in 2020. And we still think that's likely to be the case. As you noted, our demand is very strong. And so as we get out further into the year, is it possible we'd spend a little bit more CapEx in order to meet that demand? That's certainly always a possibility. But I think from an overall standpoint, where we were back in January is still the right place. And if for some reason that were to change in a big way, of course, that always comes with committed customer demand. And so that's a good thing. And then in terms of our full year guidance, I mean, clearly, we're very happy about the momentum that we've experienced in Q4 and in Q1. And as with the guide we gave, we expect to continue from a Q2 standpoint. There's just still a lot of uncertainty in the world and a lot of general uncertainty. And so we're very just focused right now on delivering in the near term and keeping that momentum going.
Tony Tripeny: Yes Tim, from an operating expense standpoint, you're right. We remain very focused on that during the pandemic. We took a lot of actions, which saved us roughly a couple of hundred million dollars during the year. And we've said all along that those costs return as we return to normal, and I would expect to continue to see those increase somewhat as we go into the second and to the third quarter. Kind of the historic operating expense percentages that we've had, I think that's where you're going to end up from an overtime standpoint. Clearly, we remain very focused on it, but I just – I do think that you do see increases as business goes up. But the thing to keep in mind is that, of course, with the leverage that we're getting from a margin standpoint that we'd expect our operating margins to go up, just like they experienced as we did on a year-over-year basis in Q1 and also as we saw in Q3 and Q4. And then from a Life Sciences standpoint, I think that this is an ongoing business level. I mean, this is strength that we've seen across our businesses. Our orders are actually very strong. Our backlog is strong. And I mean, this is a level of business that we'd expect going forward, and we expect to see continued growth in that business actually.
