James Flaws: Mark, it's always difficult for us to forecast Q4 utilization rates. I think the month of December is the most difficult month for us to predict. I can tell you that October utilization rates were improved in Taiwan, and the order rate for November reflects that continuing. I would not say that we would characterize it as too early because we did see panel maker inventories decline. What we do need to see worldwide is good retail demand and lowering the inventory that exists at the set assembly level on our model. But I will stress that the increase in October was a lot versus the low point in September. But remember, it was not back to where it was in July and August.
James Flaws: Our model actually, we have seen as low as 13. At that level, which was coming out of the pulldowns last year. We think that results in a lot of out of stocks. We think a more normal operating range is 15 to 20. As it approaches 20, that's too much inventory. As it gets to 15, you approach out of stocks. I think we would be delighted at the supply chain exited this year at around 16 weeks. Our model shows between 16 and 16.5.
James Flaws: The tax implications are actually positive. And that is way, you may recall, we announced in April that our tax rate was going from 10%, down to 2% to 3% for the year. We're required to even thought the repatriation was occurring in November, once we decided that basically had to accrue at that rate for most of the year. So it was actually a very positive event for us.
James Flaws: We made a decision in April on this repatriation that's actually more favorable to us than anything that's being proposed in Congress. And Also there was no point on waiting. So this one has something we've planning for a number of years and we've structured such that it related to a very positive benefit to our accrued tax rate. So there was no reason for us to wait. I want candy cap what's going to happen in Congress. Obviously, we generate cash overseas, and we'll work to take advantage of whatever legal structure exists in 2011 and beyond.
James Flaws: We don't anticipate much different from what I outlined with our price declines in mid-single digits. I mean, we're one month into the quarter, we've met with a lot of our customers and walked through all the pricing. So clearly, that's a changed statement from what we experienced in prior quarters. I don't think we expect to see much difference. We have not done anything on pricing for next year. And I think it's premature for us to do that until we all see how demand exits the year and what the supply chain looks like.
James Flaws: Our expectation is that it remains similar. The biggest price pressure really is what's happening to panel prices because that's what drives a lot of the pressure on us and our competitors. In some cases, panel prices have gotten the cash costs and we have seen some panel makers refuse to take orders at that level. So we're not anticipating anything significant change from the pricing guidance we've just given even if demand turns out to be a little bit weaker.
James Flaws: I think it's difficult to judge on the penetration rate. I mean, penetration rate in terms of annual sales, I mean LCDs remain still about 90% of all televisions being sold. In terms of the effect on the install base, I think it's a little hard to make a judgment on that based on just five months worth of television sales. As you've heard me say a number of times, the period of time, May through August, is a normally not a television season. You can always tell this by looking at advertising. People don't promote a lot of televisions during this period of times, and frankly, consumers are not as interested in televisions in the U.S. market. This has been historically true for a long time. But we do find that there was clearly a changed statement that occurred this past summer in the United States. We saw the effect of the higher panel prices earlier this year. We saw very little promotions during this period of time. And in general, I think there's a sense that the U.S. economy was weaker during this period of time. But it think it's premature to draw a perspective on what the impact is on the ultimate penetration on the install base.
James Flaws: I think one of the things that you have to keep reminding when you compare this year versus last year is even in China, penetration rate in terms of the number of televisions being sold for LCDs is approaching mid-80s this year. So the fueling of the growth rate from the penetration change is ending. So we will fall to a more normal year-over-year kind of growth rate, and that's driven by what the pricing is and what kind of promotions that exist. And obviously the economic environment, the Chinese government represents. We were not expecting growth rate through any of those astronomical levels in China forever. We are expecting to see excellent growth in China again next year.
James Flaws: Moving to thin glass has not been a significant portion of our Glass yet. Clearly, we will give some of the benefit to them in terms of that move and they're aware of that, but that's not a significant part of the demand. A mid-single digits means that's, and I won't give you more detail on it. But it definitely is the mid-single digits, and we are expecting that to be helping both our base business and in SCP.
James Flaws: Okay, so as a reminder on FX, FX doesn't change the margin percent because we're translating both the sales and the cost of sales. The Display gross margins were down in Q3 versus Q2, even though we continue to run all our facilities. And the primary reason is because we sold 25% less glass and at the very, very high margins we have. Even though we had pretty lousy inventory, we didn't get the benefit of the sales against the very low cost of making a product. So that is the biggest driver in the down Q3 versus Q2. We will be down in the Display business in Q4 versus Q3. And in that case, the down is only really driven by price because we're saying we expect our volume to be either flat or maybe down just slightly. we're not expecting another steep downdraft like we incurred in Q3 versus Q2. But we feel fine about our Display gross margins. Obviously, a little disappointed that the supply-chain gyrations caused us to have a slightly higher price decline in this upcoming quarter. You may recall me saying early in the year, we certainly had hopes as people build inventory that this wouldn't lead to a quarter where we had to have more pricing pressure, but our hopes were misplaced. But in terms of how we're running and our cost and as soon as demand picks up, the margins will go up. In terms of the inventory we're building, we feel very comfortable with the level we're building. To the degree we feel it gets too much then we can just switch a tactic Gorilla faster than we would otherwise, and that's, again, good for us because frankly, we've been shorting the Gorilla market.
James Flaws: The tax guidance, no change. We're still expecting it to move up close to 20%. Obviously, we're very focused on what's happening in Washington. There are a number of things that could have an impact on us. We would love to see the Tax Extender Bill that's been put forth a couple of times go through. That could lower our tax rate by over 3%. And obviously, we continue to work on other programs that maybe could lower it. But for your guidance right now, I would use the upper teens.
James Flaws: I'll speak about Gorilla Glass, excluding the Gorilla TV cover charge that occurred in both quarters. Our gross margins on the Glass we're selling to IT and handheld improved in Q3. We're starting to reach the point where I would say we're delighted, and there's a lot of smiles on this very new product that we're getting very high gross margins on the Glass the alone. We hope to have that continue, maybe jump up a little into Q4. And we're frankly just delighted by the IT and handheld Glass portion of the business and the gross margins are just going up very well for us. And we're expecting strong demand against next year, and we'll be making some of this on larger tanks, which should hopefully drive our costs down even more.
James Flaws: We will ship small amount of TV cover glass in quarter four, but it'll be very tiny. The margin on TV cover will be lower and therefore, the degree that that's a large sales next year, it will harm Specialty Materials compared to Specialty Materials on a margin percent basis, which just IT and handheld alone. How big the cover glass number is, is very dependent on, frankly, the strength of the television market and particularly upper end TVs. We've said we believe that could be a several hundred million dollar business. I think compared to our earlier expectations of getting to a $1 billion, I think it's still possible. It requires cover glass to be success. Frankly, compared to our original expectations, I think we know think handheld and IT will actually be stronger than what we originally expected. So I still think we have a shot of making $1 billion even if cover glass doesn't do as well in television. But we're delighted by the margins on IT and handheld. Our cover glass will be difficult for us in the beginning. It's very hard to make these very large pieces. But again, we expect it to be positive, and hopefully, as this business matures, we'll move up in gross margin.
James Flaws: I think it's a little premature to decide if this is a new normal based on one quarter. What drives the pricing pressure for us is when there is a gap between us and our competitors. They cannot get too large. And at the level of glass demand that's occurring right now, there is excess glass capacity. So as much as we'd love to be able to stick to our strategy of the rates you were talking about, we can't do that in an environment where there is excess glass capacity, and there clearly is now against what the industry had in place relative to what the possibilities have been earlier this year on the market growth. I don't think this has to become the new normal. I'm not going to give price guidance for next year at this point in time. But clearly, it's our desire to try and help the glass industry to have lower price decreases than what we're experiencing this quarter. But I think it's premature to declare that this is the new norm.
James Flaws: I think what we would do is switch more of our capacity to Gorilla and then it's premature for me to say what the pricing environment is going to be under that scenario. A lot depends on what our competitors do at that point in time. But I think if demand is lower, what we'll do is switch to Gorilla earlier than we had planned.
James Flaws: On the ladder, it's really our Pretium EDGE solution for data centers in terms of the space and the ease of labor installation. It's really the advantage that we think we have there. On unit demand for the Chinese New Year, we've not heard a lot. We've had some commentary from a few of the Chinese television manufacturers beginning to talk about their expectations for that and making sure they had inventory. For that, that may be playing in some want to the Taiwanese panel makers thinking, because as you know, a large portion of television panels going through China have come from Taiwan. But I don't have much marketing input right now about the New Year in terms of plans.
James Flaws: I think it's unlikely that we would take anything off-line. I think that most likely is that we will convert more tanks to Gorilla. Then we are planning in quarter one to begin converting some of the large capacity to Gorilla. I think the only thing that would change the statement would be advancing some of that a little bit.
James Flaws: The things that have to occur for us to get to $10 billion is in the Display business as we know it today. We need to have television demand worldwide continue to grow in the areas of the world that are not fully penetrated. We define full penetration in an annual basis to be around 90% for LCD. So what we call emerging areas is not there yet. We need to have that occur. And we need to have television demand reflect a stronger replacement rate than what existed under the CRT era. And then we need to continue to see good IT demand as we go forward. But we need to see Display continue to grow driven by those things. Second, and speaking to our existing businesses, we need Environmental to have the diesel business fulfill it's fruition. We think we're beginning to see some of that take place as the number of trucks have started to increase. And we're confident that we can manufacture the product better, and we'd like to have a big diesel business. We're still trying to get it to be a $500 million business in 2012. And so that's got to happen. In Life Sciences, we have a goal to make it to be a $1 billion business. Most of that growth will come from acquisitions. You've seen us do two deals in the last two years, and we expect to continue to grow by acquisition. We need to have Gorilla be a homerun, which we think is on its way to become, driven clearly by IT and handheld. And we think we'd like to see our cover glass business develop. But it looks like Gorilla is turning out to be a homerun and if that continues to play out, that's very important. And lastly, we need to get something out of our new business efforts. And although green laser is now turning out to be a disappointment, we continue to have good hopes for photovoltaics and a closely related to gorilla but probably likely to be slightly different as we get some growth out of architectural or automotive on strengthened glass. If you put those things together and they come together and FX behaves, I believe we have prospects to get to $10 billion.
James Flaws: It will definitely rebound up whether it gets exactly the 60, I'm not sure. But we definitely don't have the debt tender. The call we're doing in the fourth quarter has no charge, and I'm hopeful that we have no FX issues.
James Flaws: Our wholly-owned business services primarily the Taiwanese, Chinese and the Japanese panel makers. And until they raise utilization rates that would deliver that, it's not going to have a big snapback. And there's been nothing about their utilization rate and order rates communicated to us that they would do that. I think some people focus on their area shipment numbers. And again, a reminder, because of the fact that they can reduce inventories, they could be shipping more than what they're taking from us. I can tell you is if turns out that they're going to run higher, we'll be to be happy to supply them the glass because we'll have.
James Flaws: It's possible that, that could occur. Clearly, there has been a slight pullback in Korea, which we didn't experience before. So it's possible that we may do a little bit better in the base business than what we're seeing in SCP. I mean our guidance for both of them are similar but frankly, that could easily occur.
James Flaws: I don't have the exact numbers right in front of me in terms of the gross margin improvement versus, I think, probably improved about 4%. The Auto business catalytic converters is back to its historical levels in the mid-40s. Obviously, the challenge for us is in the diesel opportunity, and we think there's a lot of room to move. Our light-duty filters today have good gross margins. They can get better. Our heavy-duty business has terrible gross margins, but we believe that we can get them up also. So as airfreighting ends and as our manufacturing performance improves in diesel, we expect to see the overall segment gross margins move up as we marched through 2012 when we expect the diesel business to finally hit the sales we've been hoping for.
James Flaws: Well, we do expect to improve gross margins in the Gorilla Glass on the glass alone for IT and handheld. We're not expecting it to get all the way to the LCD margin. But we think we'll all be very happy with the margin level, particularly going to larger tanks does help. In terms of landscape, the competitive landscape is wider than it is for LCD glass because we have to compete. You can't have strength in the soda line. We now have a competitive or product from one of our LCD manufacturers in the specialty glass. We never expected to have this deal all to ourselves, but we continue to believe that we have leadership in terms of performance in this area.
