James Flaws: Mark, I assume you’re talking about our corporate gross margin. And as you know, that’s always a combination of the mix of our various businesses. But what we like about our business hand right now is gross margins in telecom, specialty materials, life sciences, and environmental are actually improving. The corporate mix will obviously be dependent on the mix of the sales of those businesses, but the fact that all are improving leads me to believe that we have the potential to continue to move our year over year gross margins up. Obviously the most important thing for us remains display, and we must have moderate price declines. We had good price downward movement in Q2, being less than Q1. We’re expecting Q3 to be in a similar range, but we continue to believe there’s potential for price declines to moderate even further as the quarters unfold. So I would say we’re not running into diminishing returns in terms of sustaining gross margins. It’s premature for me to talk about the premiums on our new products. 
James Flaws: Obviously I can’t speak for our competition, but we believe that price declines have moderated for the entire glass industry. And particularly with a benefit to our panel customers from the yen, we believe there’s potential for that to continue.  In terms of the capacity additions by our competition, we believe only one of our competitors is adding capacity in Korea, and we believe even that is at a very moderate pace. We’ve learned that the capacity there is smaller tanks, so we’re hopeful that we’ll be able to have an industry environment where price declines continue to be at a moderate level. It’s premature for me to comment on price negotiations and contracts. We’ll give you an update on that in October.
James Flaws: We’re looking for our glass shipments to be consistent to up slightly. So units will be negative in China in Q3, but area will be only slightly negative. We’re looking for area to be up in Q4 in China. And remember, there are Chinese holidays, again, in the later part of the year.
James Flaws: On auto, I don’t have any update for Gorilla at this stage. Relative to Gorilla for consumer electronics, we have been working hard on modeling the supply chain, and we believe that there was excess inventory built up by a number of customers from the fourth quarter. And that’s being worked off this year. And then the second thing, of course, is that we have seen yield improvements in the supply chain over the course of the year. So those two things have been maybe reflected in what you perceive as the softer demand for Gorilla. If you take those out, looking at the amount of Gorilla being pulled from the supply chain to go into phones and tablets going to retail, we think it’s growing nicely. Obviously it always depends somewhat on model launches in the phone business, but that’s what’s affecting it. But really we did have some excess inventory carried over this year.
James Flaws: That’s a lot of questions. On our assumption on China demand, we’re assuming the subsidy has gone off. We’re not including anything coming back in our outlook for the remainder of the year. All we’ve heard is some rumors that there may be a new subsidy in the fourth quarter, but that’s not in our demand at this point in time. Relative to capacity utilization, our wholly-owned display business is relatively full. We’re delighted by that, as you saw the very strong shipments in quarter two. Gorilla, because of the inventory work off, is not as full right now. We have significant capacity still offline at SCP.  Panel capacity, we think there’s adequate panel capacity to meet what we see as retail demand.
James Flaws: I don’t have any detailed information on tablets/smartphone inventory. On display inventories, I wouldn’t characterize it as relatively comfortable. I’m always nervous when inventories get to an 18-week level. We have done a lot of work on trying to figure out is the items that I talked about with the more sizes really having an influence? We have some positive information that says that has been contributing, but I remain nervous about the 18 weeks. I don’t have a lot of geographic information. The only thing that I’ll comment on is that we believe that there has been an excess of 32-inch televisions built in China. And that’s the only place that I’m aware of where there’s a potentially significant problem, that’s localized.
James Flaws: I guess I would say that when we look at the amount of inventory and the amount of yield issues, that have occurred for this year, that we would have thought that the demand for Gorilla on us would be greater. And when we adjust for those two things, we would say that there definitely is greater than 30% growth, but those two items have harmed us, if you do a comparison year over year.
James Flaws: Yes, but very small levels. We’re still unsure about how fast the consumer acceptance will come on touch notebooks. I was delighted to see in the Best Buy circular last week quite a few advertised, but we put in a fairly low level right now.
James Flaws: The screen size thing is becoming increasingly important. We really started seeing this large size impact start last year. We were uncertain whether it would continue to grow this year, but it definitely is, and seems to be accelerating. So you’re right about that. I think all of my statements on gross margin relate to our restated results from the prior year, and as I mentioned on our website we’ve done some updates on that, and many analysts asked us to do 2011 also. So we’re putting that on our website too.
James Flaws: It starts in the third quarter, in earnest. I don’t have a list of the number of customers, but we think our market share on touch on notebooks has been climbing. Initially, our competition is really soda lime, for cost reasons. And we believe our market share on touch notebook wins is climbing every quarter. So we’re quite pleased by that. But we begin shipments in earnest this quarter.  Again, as I mentioned in reply to an earlier questioner, what we’re just uncertain about is how well these notebooks will do at retail. Obviously pretty weak PC market. But definitely in terms of the models that will be out there, we’re increasing our market share.
James Flaws: We do have capacity, and the lead time is relatively short, as we are in Asia, and it’s pretty easy for do that. So I would say definitely two months or less we can have capacity there.
James Flaws: North America has been good, driven by sizes, for the most part. Europe has been weak. Japan has fallen to a pretty low level. We think actually Japan television will probably be flat for the year now that we’ve anniversaried that. These are in terms of units. We’re seeing good growth in the other Asian markets in Latin America and the Middle East in terms of units.
James Flaws: I’d say Europe is weaker. Most of the rest are in line in terms of units. And then size is ahead of our expectations.
James Flaws: Well, remember the stock buyback didn’t start until later in the quarter. We didn’t make the announcement until the end of at least one month had gone by.
James Flaws: Well, we have a $2 billion program authorized by the board, and we expect to continue to buy back in Q3 probably similar to slightly higher levels maybe.
James Flaws: As of right now, I don’t have a reason to believe that we won’t stay on this moderate price decline that we experienced for these quarters. There’s nothing that we’re seeing right now in terms of the level of inventory. I don’t have a lot of details, as I mentioned in response to an earlier question, about where the inventory is. I did mention that in China there seems to be an excess of small sized televisions, 32s, but beyond that I don’t have a lot of detail. I think the worry that you’re probably touching on is if there’s a sudden inventory correction, then that could impact on pricing. But right now we’re not feeling that. Our order rate in July and our order rate for August has remained quite strong.
James Flaws: We’re not converting more tanks to Gorilla right now, as the supply chain works off some of the inventory. In terms of our own inventories, we actually remain tight. We did air ship in Q2. We hope to not air ship in Q3, but we’re still tight. We wouldn’t mind having more display inventory. Corporately, on inventories, we have built inventory. The build is the largest in telecom, where we built over $100 million inventory. And we have built some Gorilla inventory.
James Flaws: I don’t think Dragontrail is really impacting our expectations. Clearly we don’t have quite as strong a share as what we had originally, but it’s still extraordinarily high. I don’t have an update on 3D, so I’m sorry, I’m not current on whether we’re going to ship anything this year or not. I know the program is continuing to move ahead.
James Flaws: The small company was a previous joint venture that our Corning Cable Systems unit had. Its impact was about $5 million in Q2, and I think it will be almost $10 million in Q3 in terms of consolidated sales. It’s really relatively tiny. The telecom tenders, we were expecting tenders to happen earlier. I can’t tell you why they don’t. You probably heard me say in the past that we believe all of the telecom business in China is ultimately controlled by government policy. So whether it was the management changes or not, I can’t know for sure.  But definitely tenders that we expected earlier have not happened yet. There is a tendering process right now. What we just don’t know is when it will be complete, and how much the volume will be. But definitely against our original expectations for China, this has been a slow down. 
James Flaws: I don’t think the glass price declines have been the primary reason why pricing at retail has gone down. Obviously it contributed and for panel makers, also the fact that the yen has helped them on their profitability has gone up. I just think that the price points and the quality of televisions are so incredible that it’s hard to imagine people buying a small television now.  I got up early this morning and read a whole bunch of retail television ads for the past month, and I just remain stunned by how low the price points are. So I’m not expecting price points to go back up on large televisions next year, and I think we’ll begin to see sometime next year 2k/4k showing up. Obviously that would be more expensive initially, but I don’t think there’s any going back on this size phenomenon. 
James Flaws: The guidance for the year was around 10. It will be higher in the fourth quarter. I won’t comment on customers. Dell’s the one that announced with us yesterday, but we expect to be on a number of notebook manufacturers.
James Flaws: Well, it’s always hard to get your first customer. You know, we had hopes that we would get on a certain model. That has not turned out right now. But we’re still trying very hard. But this is a fairly revolutionary new product for the automotive industry, and it’s always hard to win your first one. So beyond that, I can’t say. I mean, we haven’t stopped trying.
James Flaws: I don’t have a new timeline. I actually thought I would be already announcing. So we’re a little disappointed by that.
