James Flaws: So we're expecting our pricing to stick to our strategy so we have no reason to think that we'll be moving off of that. And we expect that glass sales will be fine heading into Q4, assuming that the very strong year-over-year demand at retail continues. I just want to remind you that the 18.5 weeks I gave you, was not just panel makers, it includes set assembly and retail and actually the majority of the inventory and supply chain as opposed to panel makers.
James Flaws: So we don't believe the demand base LCD glass is going to stop suddenly at all. We believe that we will continue to see good demand led by television, particularly as emerging regions continue to grow very rapidly. We expect that the IT market will continue to be strong, and we believe that television demand and established television markets will continue to grow, particularly as we start to move into replacement cycles. As I indicated in my remarks, we think Japan is the leading edge of this. We're now having sold significant number of televisions for most of this past decade. We're seeing very strong growth even excluding the echo point program, and we think that a replacement cycle will be shorter for LCD televisions and CRTs. So we're not looking for any sudden halts in growth in the base LCD business.
James Flaws: So the margin structure for Gorilla will be below our corporate average in the near term. Our model for our Gorilla business opportunity is the glass portion of the product, should have margins similar to display. But the finishing portion, which can range from simple line exchange to other products such as anti-glare and screen printing will have very low margins. So short-term, you should expect the margin structure for the overall Gorilla to be less than the corporate average. On the finishing processes, these are very new to us and we are working to improve the cost structure of those as we go forward. But we're very confident about the glass portion and some on the handheld items where we've been finishing for a while, we're improving our costs there. Short-term, Gorilla will be below our corporate average. I'm not prepared at this stage to give out details on the capital spending for next year driven by individual projects. As we get closer to the end of the year, we'll break the out spending. But China, in general, is a large portion of our CapEx next year as we will be spending on the Display factory, the Environmental factory and Life Sciences.
James Flaws: Our gross margins will be very strong again in the quarter. I won't give you any more specific numbers than that but you shouldn't expect big changes either way.
James Flaws: So I'm not sure what you meant by diverse by the panel makers but we believe the panel makers are beginning to trim utilizations very moderately as we speak. We have already received some notices of pullbacks both at SCP and our in wholly-owned business, and I think, for example, a panel maker announced results last night in talking about trimming very moderately. So we think that's all very appropriate to pull back just a little. I mean, the percentages are very tiny but we think that's appropriate. So we would say it is responsible and in line with inventories and what's happening in the market.
James Flaws: We've announced just that we have an agreement with one customer. We have the potential to have other customers.
James Flaws: I have to say that panel makers ask us for price declines basically everyday, whether they're cutting or raising utilization. So there's no consistent behavior related to their output. I would just say, we're sticking to our basic strategy. We expect to have similar in Q3 versus we had in Q2. I'd just like to emphasize, I want to make sure people are not reading too much into these moderation utilization cuts. As an example, one panel maker talked about going from like 97% to 94% utilization. They're really very tiny cuts. Don't take this as a huge statement of change.
James Flaws: So we expect supply chain inventories to peak at the end of Q3 and will be coming down in Q4, obviously driven by the very strong retail pattern that occurs in the fourth quarter. We would expect that if weeks of inventory were right about the seasonality of the year-over-year growth at retail, being continue the strong rate that we've seen, we expect next year to be an overall growth rate for the glass market. And I won't call the exact quarter of what it's going to be, but we expect next year to be a growth year as long as we're right about the worldwide economies.
James Flaws: So, first of all, our view is that we've never been able to tie consumer confidence directly to LCD purchases, when there have been dips before. So the only slowdown we really have seen, as I mentioned in my comments, is really United States televisions. Bu we're expecting to see good growth again for Gorilla and for LCDs next year. The capacity we're putting in the ground is really for 2012 by and large. The Chinese television market continues to grow very nicely. We don't expect to see any reversal of that growth. But clearly, these are big capital expenditure programs, and we always have the ability to moderate the rate of spending. So if we're wrong on this, we'll stretch out the capital. I doubt we would cancel it. We made that mistake in late '08 and actually have been harmed by not having capacity since then. But we certainly could stretch out the capital spending quite a bit. But against what we see in LCD, what we see in Gorilla, what we see in the China car market, we are pretty confident about the places we're investing and why we need the capacity. So we feel pretty good about that. In terms of your first question on inventory, I'll just say that we expect -- we ended at 18.5 weeks by our estimate at the end of Q2. We expect that we will not exceed the 20-week measure in Q3, and then the number of weeks of inventory begins to decline.
James Flaws: So the chart we showed at the Investor Day was not our production. It was the glass market overall. Our production, if that's the question you're asking, is we're going to continue to run our production full-out through the remainder of the year. We would still desperately like to rebuild a little bit of inventory. Obviously, we've gotten wrong twice in the last six months' cycle of the quarters. You may recall, in quarter four, we thought Q1 would be down and Q2 up. And then as we got to the beginning of the year, we thought Q1 would be up, Q2 down. As it turns out they were all up sequentially. And so we don't get it precisely right in terms of the sequence. We think we've been more accurate about the end market. So we're thinking that there'll be a -- quarter three will be a very good quarter for the glass market overall. It will vary a little between Korea and the base business, but coming off of the very strong quarter two combined with my enter [ph] (51:12) utilization cutbacks, and we're expecting Q4 to be a good quarter also.
James Flaws: Well, Hemlock contributed nicely in Q2. Silicones are doing great. We're seeing strong demand around the world. They are having to deal with start-up costs of their China facility which is ramping now. But even that has been, I think, a little less of an impact in what we originally expected. So silicones are going great. I think, if I recall at the top of my head, China sales this year up 48% first half versus first half. But even in North America, silicone sales were up. So of course, we regard Dow Corning in total as like a Gorilla to us. So we're very happy with them and they're doing great.
James Flaws: Well, my ability to forecast tax rates is not that great, as a number of investors have pointed out, but we're expecting, as I said in the last call, to be around 20%. That assumes that there is no help from the U.S. government on tax extenders, which appears we're unlikely to get. And obviously, the big repatriation benefit we got this year won't repeat. So we're planning around 20%, but our tax department is highly incented to come up with ways to make it lower.
James Flaws: So the comment we're making about is for our Gorilla Glass, what is the gross margin or manufacturing margins? What we said is it would be below the corporate average next year, and that is driven by the fact that on the -- primarily on the cover glass -- that we have a lot of new finishing processes that dilute the margin. The glass portion of cover glass will be very strong gross margins. But we will be a little below the corporate average next year for Gorilla Glass but it is gross margins.
James Flaws: There's a series of small things that add up. There's no one thing that's causing it. So China's part of it. There are some other costs that are increasing but there's no one thing.
James Flaws: They're not adequately rebuilt in any of our forecasts. We would love to be able to increase them a little bit more. So there's nothing about the production and market environment as a negative to us in this regard. We would take every piece of glass we could make and put it in inventory. And when those get back to adequate levels, it'll allow us to switch over and make more Gorilla Glass which we could sell more if we could.
James Flaws: The China market, what we're putting the capacity in, in Display is for 2012 and beyond. We expect to have, as the new large-scale panel fabs there ramp up, we expect to sign contracts with panel makers and where we get a contract with them, we'll have very high share. And as we see more approvals there, we'll be able to update you on what our share is. I will emphasize that the Chinese market is very big already, and we have a large part of that, but driven by our imports from Taiwan and Korea.
James Flaws: We clearly have not seen, particularly in this country, that much price promotion. And obviously, without price promotion in what is a slow period of time for televisions anyway, we think that contributes to slow demand. We do think we'll see price declines in the fall. I would remind you, even though we're very pleased by the pace of the panel price declines, they will add up. So over four-month period of time for most of the normal television models, you've seen panel prices descend 10%. So it's nice that it's moderate only 2.5% per month. That's good for the integrity of the supply chain, but ultimately, it'll be good for at retail that that will show up, we think, this fall in lower prices. We do think that as some of the set makers begin to get better at making some of the LED televisions that you'll see price declines on those. And you really haven't seen as much of that yet so we think that will help drive demand also. And lastly, we think replacement rate will help drive demand. So we'd like to see a few more price promotions. We expect we will see that this fall. And coupled with new features, we expect to see demand grow.
Wendell Weeks: I think the way you should begin to think about Gorilla is in two pieces. The fundamental jump being where we've continued to be doubling every year since we have been at this, the setting around with the touch interface. So if you want to get a feel for sort of the fundamental growth rates in that piece of the business, handheld and IT, then what you want to get an opinion on is how fast do you believe and what do you think the penetration will be of touch interface into our electronic devices, and that's something you can gather up a lot of opinions on. For me, I believe that is continued to be one of the most significant trends in Consumer Electronics and will continue until almost all devices have a touch interface in some way, shape or form. So we feel very good about how early we are in the stages of penetration there. And then there's another piece that’s begun to enter which is that from the design standpoint and from a functionality standpoint, Glass offers some tremendous advantages, specially our very strong glass versus plastic. First, it's a very authentic material, right? Next, it is much more damage-resistant, especially to things like scratches. It's more transparent, both to light but that then for equates to images, especially things like 3D images and it's also RF transparent, very unique. Finally, from a design standpoint, you have to understand that the thermal properties of glass. It has both a much higher heat capacity as well as a higher thermal conductivity and that's why when you touch glass, it's cool to the touch and it stays cool when it's in your hand because it doesn't warm. So all of those things also establish another drum beat in the business which is that of design. That, in our own engineering way, is much harder for us to predict and give a firm guidance on. So that's going to be a little bit of let's get some more experience. You will begin to see it around you, these borderless design TVs, other devices that I'm not at liberty to talk about at this time, and then you'll be able to get your own feel and opinions.
Wendell Weeks: So, I think what you're picking up in terms of the acceleration of the growth rate it is indeed to the television covers are helping that. Basically, what we've been running on is this business continues to double, and what we're seeing a potential to do next year, it's not in the bag but the potential to do next year is we're doubling our doubling rate. And with that doubling of our doubling rate is my brand new app., which is borderless TV design and the applicability of Gorilla to that borderless design. New app, new product and you should expect to see that product and that application go with our customers' normal new model launch dates.
Wendell Weeks: I think the way to think about thinner glass is on a timeframe that is more than quarter-to-quarter. You are right to focus on thin glass. It is going to be, over time, one of the more significant trends in display. It matters to customers. It matters to our customers' customers. And what it does for us is it increases our degree of competitive advantage to the industry because of the way in which we happen to make it. It also provides us excellent opportunity to reduce costs. So we would view it as being a good thing relative to gross margins over time and relative to our competitive advantage. Remember, in these businesses, our gross margins are already very, very high. So talking about improving them is perhaps not as important as being able to maintain these very high levels. And then, we'll be very much a part of that, you're right to focus on it. More to come but it's just not going to happen overnight. These are significant product changes, significant long-term trends.
Wendell Weeks: Let me just add a little bit on the capacity piece from a strategic standpoint which is, one of the things we've tried to do with our flat glass adjacency programs, like Gorilla and photovoltaics [ph] (47:26), is over the long period of time, we're derisking our capacity investments because we're developing multiple uses for the assets. This allows us to feel even more confident that we'll make use of the capacity as we do a really good job of market development in these other areas where very high valued uses of glass. So we feel better now, I think, than we have in a long time.
Wendell Weeks: And on photovoltaics, I mean, how much good news can you guys take in one small period of time? I still feel good about photovoltaics and watch the space. More progress, things are doing good.
Wendell Weeks: And adding to that, to Jim's comment, it is like you would expect for us, the returns, or margins, are closely following those process steps with what kind of capital is required. So glass margins are very good, as Jim said, similar to Display because that is where the high capital piece is. Downstream, we have combination of manufacturing ourselves and outsourcing steps and for those, the level of capital is dramatically less, and margins are also less. And the functionality of those steps tend to be less so they tend to drive a lower price value as well. So it's -- we like the profitability of the business from a return standpoint, and I think a lot just depends on what metric we end up giving you over time. If we're using a gross sales figure, then you think about the gross margins over time as this business grows. We'll think through the right way to give you transparency so that you can tell from which segment it's growing, what type of margins grow within those individual segments. But we're still kind of early here, and I think it just doesn't feel quite so early because the numbers are getting so big so fast, but that has more to do with the explosive growth than it does dealing with how we'll ultimately be able to talk to you about this business.
Wendell Weeks: It's early still. We've had a pretty clear runway for a long time with Gorilla. I thought we'd get followed more quickly than we have. But what it's been is a real materials conversion battle. So it's been glass versus plastic, and then high-tech glass versus low-tech glass has been what's dominating the competitive picture. And obviously, that's gone well for us. Now we're beginning to see other high-tech glass players come in, which we would have anticipated earlier. And we feel good about our competitive advantages. But I think now, other people are starting to come into play that will increase the overall category growth as folks begin to understand actually how flexible and durable glass is as a material and I think the real loser here long-term will be plastic and really cheap glass.
Wendell Weeks: So we've had some second sources already come in from a variety of different levels. And I think you're best off trying to talk directly to those folks. It is like most things that are very high-tech, in glass it isn't hard to figure out some of the very small handful of people who have the capability sets to even begin to play.
Wendell Weeks: We always think about us as being much in China as being much closer to the overall family share figure than it is are individually.
