R. Tony Tripeny: So Patrick, good morning. Let me take that question. I think that from an overall standpoint, let me first start about the timing of the transaction. I mean we expect it to close sometime during this quarter. We're on track. We've made a lot of progress with everything that needs to get done. We feel pretty good about that. We said all along that when we do close, that we would discuss more what we do plan to do from a cash standpoint. I think it is reasonable to assume that over a period of time, as we make this transaction, that we offset the dilution on the equity earnings at some point in time, although we're not actually talking about a very specific timing on that. In terms of the cash availability, as we've mentioned that from an overall standpoint, there are restrictions relative to the cash availability, but that's cash that we need to control and manage internally from an investor standpoint. If we use the cash to invest in the business, then we're able to offset that with cash somewhere else. So for example, if we were to make an acquisition, that we could use cash from that and that would offset cash in another place. So from an overall standpoint, that's how we're thinking about the Dow Corning transaction.
R. Tony Tripeny: Patrick, that's a great question. I mean I think we are always looking at where the yen is, thinking about when we have opportunities to opportunistically add to our hedge portfolio. We made a big move in the first quarter, and that's something that we are evaluating and considering.
R. Tony Tripeny: Well Mehdi, as we take a look at what we expected at the beginning of the year versus today, and what's really has happened in the market, is lower demand for handheld, and also lower demand from a tablet standpoint. We expected tablets to be down this year, but they're going to be down a little bit more than that. And so that takes our overall area growth, which we had expected to be up in the mid single digits or so down to the low single digits. From a pricing standpoint, our contracts get set at the early part of the year. So we feel good from an overall pricing standpoint. And the reason that we think our sales can be up mid to high single digits has to do with the value adds that Wendell talked about in the previous answer.
R. Tony Tripeny: Yeah, sure. So, I think the first thing that's important to focus on is our adjusted cash flow, which also includes the impact from the hedges, and when you take those positive impacts from the hedges, we had about $110 million of cash flow from operations. That was down from last year, and two major drivers of that, the first being lower profitability in the overall business, and then the second item is, we had a big cash tax payment that happened in the first quarter of this year. As we look out for the entire year, we feel good about our ability to generate the operating cash flow kind of consistent in line with what we did last year. So there's nothing to be concerned or alarmed about on that, and Q1 is usually or always our lowest cash flow generating quarter.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. I think from an overall supply chain standpoint, it is our understanding that there was some impact on the Taiwan earthquake. And so we clearly would have seen that in March, in terms of some of the utilizations. In terms of the impact in gross margin, of course it will depend a little bit on how this all gets itself resolved, but we would have guided our gross margins to be 42% if we hadn't had this issue. So think of it somewhere, half a point, something like that.
R. Tony Tripeny: Okay, well I think Wendell talked about that before. The enterprise market did start off a little weak at the beginning of the year. If you take a look at our slides, you'll see that sales were down, a lot of that of course driven by the issue with our software implementation. But it did start off a little weak, but it definitely picked up as the quarter progressed, and is very strong right now. And the carrier market has been strong the entire time. So we feel very good about the end markets in Optical.
R. Tony Tripeny: I think you're referring to the charge that we took in the first quarter that's not in our core results, but is in our GAAP results. It was about $109 million and it was across a number of businesses, particularly some industry, or some facility consolidations. And what we were highlighting was one, why the charge was there and then the second item was just it continues in our journey to always be the lowest cost manufacturer. From a cash standpoint, it equates to, once all the charges are taken, that it's about $40 million of cash. The annual savings is about $50 million and that's obviously why we did it.
R. Tony Tripeny: Sure. Let me take the first question. What it's going to take to stabilize our display earnings, we've always said it's a combination of two things. One is moderate price declines and the second is volume growth. And what you saw in the first quarter, although the price declines were moderate, our volume on a year over year basis was actually down. And so that's the key driver of the reduction in profitability. In terms of from a, and so as you look out moving forward, as we get into quarters where we have moderate price declines and we have significant volume increases, we certainly are going to get much closer to having stability in our display industry, or in our Display business. That's fundamentally what we have been focused on and we do believe that what's happened from a pricing standpoint over the last two years gives us greater confidence in the ability to do that. On your second question in terms of gross margins, we would have had a greater expansion on gross margins if it wasn't for the power outage in Taiwan. It will depend a little bit on actually how much that ends up costing us. But you could think of it in terms of half a point from a gross margin standpoint. So that when we get into the second half of the year, when we don't have that impact, we don't have the impact from the software implementation, and we have higher volumes, we expect continued gross margin expansion getting much closer to where we were in the first half of last year.
Wendell P. Weeks: Well, one again, so on one hand in Gorilla, as you heard from Tony, we're seeing less growth. It's sort of IT and small, right. On the other hand, we see the opportunity for revenue enhancement and it's going to come in sort of two broad areas. First, that as we introduce more advantaged glass products, just in our base glass business, we expect price to stop going down. Okay. That still has to happen, right, and the customers still have to love it, but that ought to be enhancing our gross margin. And then second, we will be increasing our revenue per device through other ways by adding value. Right, and that's an example we just talked about on the Vibrant Corning Gorilla Glass, which basically moves us to selling a part, and then a customized part, in terms of the images that are on it. We have other efforts going on in terms of the parts business to serve our customers at that higher revenue spot. And then finally, we have some other new value add products that you've heard us talk about, but now we expect to commercialize, like fire technology for wearables, et cetera. Exact timing on how it comes in, my friend, is hard to call, because there's technology adoption. But yes, we would feel that that sort of revenue enhancement could help us close some of that gap that we see with the small end market.
Wendell P. Weeks: I'd say that no definitive move yet to the 0.4 or 0.3 millimeter in a broad sense. But certainly an awful lot of dialogue; 0.4 millimeter is growing some. We'll have to see how some of the big players end up working through the changes they have to make in panel making, and how that interacts with what they see as the value prop on the thinner glass. So more to come. Watch this space.
Wendell P. Weeks: So OLED. So for those of you who aren't following it quite as closely as Rod, the OLED capacity that has been largely announced or discussed has been for a technology called polyimide OLED. Let me start with what the impact is on us and then give you a little background. So the impact on us is that the adoption of this P-OLED technology will increase Corning glass sales. Now, that seems unusual, right, so probably we should take a moment to explain it. So a little over five years ago when OLEDs first began emerging as a number of the different OEMs started to promote them, we developed a strong point of view on how OLED would play out versus LCD. So the first step is you got to separate between large size and small. These are very different applications and they use different types of display technology, today and going forward. In the large size, which is 90% of glass volume roughly, we believed strongly then and continue to believe that OLEDs will be at best a niche product, and we thought that because we could see how LCDs would continue to improve and what we believed is that OLED's incremental cost would not be worth their shrinking benefits relative to LCD. And that's played out where we've gone from three major OEMs promoting OLED strongly to now just one. And certainly the market has played out in terms of demand, as we expected. We continue to expect that technological outcome for the foreseeable future. Now, in small there is a different matter. Small, about 10% of the market. We thought then and now that polyimide OLEDs were very, very interesting and we thought they were interesting because you could potentially conform them behind a nice piece of our Corning Gorilla Glass and get a very different customer experience where you'd have displays bending around corners, and therefore very small bezels, and long term, the potential for a flexible display. So that's where we focused our strategic and technical energy. And as a result, what we've done is we've developed a very advantaged product and very, very, very high market shares. So as a result, even though polyimide OLED consumes less glass, this is way more than offset by our share gain in this technology. Plus, because this is a small part of the market, we don't see any overall impact to overall glass supply and demand in any sort of meaningful way. Rigid OLED versus LTPS, LCD, they're going to split that market. That's not that big a deal. Now as goes to timing, so we have a really good idea on timing, but we can't really discuss it, because that would disclose our knowledge of our customers' exact product plans and that wouldn't be appropriate.
Wendell P. Weeks: So I think what makes that question hard to answer is I don't know whether or not you've got the totality of what people's capacity plans are, right. Clearly we are going to see very robust growth in capacity in this space. How that will then tie to how and when products are introduced is a little more complicated question that starts to get more confidential. But, usually you can count on announced capacity increases by the types of players that can actually manufacture this to be relatively reliable.
Wendell P. Weeks: Great. Well, thanks everyone for listening. Once again, apologize for the execution issue in telecom. Other than that, we are marching along as we anticipated to do. We look forward to updating you on strong sequential growth and the closing of the Dow Corning transaction.
