Wendell Weeks: With regards to OLEDs, we continue to believe that OLEDs will not be a factor in large size TV of any significance, mainly because of their cost premium and the value that they create in performance is not large enough versus an ever-improving LCD technology. We do, however, believe that the most compelling use of OLED technology is in the conformable displays for small form factors, especially smartphones. Although this is irrelevant a small part of the overall glass market, something less than 3%, the adoption of these type of displays will actually be a revenue enhancer for Corning, because we just developed a very special glass to be used, as the substrate for those poly unit displays, so our share is very high, as well as the glass utilization for one of these flexible OLEDs really is approximately the same as an ace high LCD today. I will expect that to improve over time, but that's where it's starting. So overall as we look at it from Corning's perspective, where we see OLED getting adopted ought to be a small but positive revenue event.
Wendell Weeks: The purpose of the visit with Trump was, is that, this administration has formed a small group of leading manufacturing executives in the U.S., for him to be able to listen to ideas and exchange ideas on how to improve manufacturing in the U.S. and more specifically, how to significantly increase manufacturing employment in the U.S. Given that, the actual dialogue is confidential, at least from our side and it is up to the President to share what it is he sought to communicate to us and what he gained from that communication.
Wendell Weeks: As far as our ability to onshore flexibility of our supply. Today, only around 20% to 25% of our revenue is in the U.S., but 35% or more of our people are in the U.S. So we're set up fundamentally as a pretty strong exporter from the U.S. That being said and our fundamental philosophy is that we make in the countries where our customers are. And this has always been our philosophy and we think it is just good business practice to be close to your customers, as well as responsible business practice. Really the only exception of that is to the U.S., where we're a strong exporter from this country, of product and we employ for people than we sell here. So that being said, if we see some significant onshoring of our customers' production capabilities, we do have the capability to flexibly react to that, in really all of our businesses. So if that does become a trend, I think that would be fabulous for the country and it would be really good for us.
Wendell Weeks: To the second part of your question, that really the core of it comes to, what we said is, we expect incredibly strong growth in quarter one and that we expect growth for the overall year. But we're not yet comfortable saying how much. And so you're asking really for some of the levers as you take a look at that. I think it's a really good question. What this comes down to is how much of our glass gets utilized per phone and how much of our innovations get utilized per phone. And this really depends on two things, how does a customer choose to use our innovations in their designs, as well as how do our innovations perform, relative to the requirements for that use case. And it's just a little too early for us to be certain how those decisions and launch dates will be impacting our revenues. Over the sweep of time, we're very confident in our ability to see strong growth in Gorilla. In any given quarter or any given year, what the actual product launch is and then the supply chain that is associated with that can make the actual predictability problematic, from too early in the year. This will become quite obvious, what is going to happen to us in the relatively near term and we'll provide better and clearer guidance for you, as our understanding of the situation clarifies.
Wendell Weeks: At this point in time, we find ourselves in the situation where customers are requesting more of all of our products than we currently have the manufacturing platform in place to support over the long term. So what you can expect from us in this year, as you heard from Tony's guidance, is you can expect us to have some capital expansions that we'll talk about in more detail at the appropriate time in optical communications, that we're going to need to put in place to support very strong customer commitments for long term acceleration in our revenue, in that business. So more to come as those agreements come into place and as our actual plans of our manufacturing footprint firm up.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. One of the things that I think you're going to continue to see as part of our focused portfolio and our engagements with our customers, given our capability set, is that sometimes when they want us to solve an especially challenging problem and that they want some form of relatively unique access on an accelerated basis to our capabilities, we're going to ask them to share in that cost up front and so you just saw that playing out in a relatively significant way in the quarter. This has become a more standard practice for us. As it becomes more standard, I think it will be easier to model. But the core of it has to do with what we've been doing with our focus portfolio and our market access platforms.
Wendell Weeks: I think there's two elements to it. First of all, we continue to do better than all of our competition in that life science vessel market. So one of the key requirements to remaining in our portfolio is that management proves that being part of our portfolio allows us to lead that industry. So that part, I think that business unit and the way in which we have interacted with our capabilities, that has proven to be quite successful. The second part, though, is to remain in our portfolio basically we have to be able to either use the market access platform that you have, or to use your asset and capability set to support our other capabilities, or our other business units. That moment is still ahead of us in Life Sciences. It needs to do both and we're hoping to see strong progress on that in this year. You've heard us speak to what we're doing in a very vague way, to what we're doing in pharmaceutical packaging and that uses that platform. I think if that is very successful and we can basically reuse big hunks of that market access platform in life sciences, then we'll be delighted with what's in our portfolio. If not, we'll put that into our overall judgment of our portfolio as we do our normal reflection on what is the best way to maximize the value for our shareholders over the long term.
Wendell Weeks: So to the core of your question is, when will key metrics be available to track our progress in the penetration into automotive glazing and interiors, so that this actually can become a more predictable -- or become a predictable growth driver for Corning. And then the second part of your question that I heard is if we break it into a different business unit. So let's take the second part first. We plan on reusing our automotive market access platform to service this market and basically to repurpose elements of our manufacturing and engineering platform that are already in place as part of our portfolio to serve this market. We'll develop market specialists, as well. But one of the things that reduces the cost of this innovation and increases the probability of success, is that ability to use our unique capability set to basically attack a market with existing resources. Augmented, of course, by specialists, right? And that's the way we're going to approach it. As to the metrics, I think it's too early for us to lay out that as you look at these metrics, this will become in this way a predictable growth driver. I think we need more penetration before we get to the point of the S curve that we'll be able to segment the market in some useful way for you, so that we give you more signal, as opposed to noise. What we look at internally is something very simple. It's winning customer platforms. To date, those platforms have been more in the high end of vehicles where they're trying to get the highest performance and are less cost sensitive. I think if it stays in that piece of the market, this will be a good but relatively small revenue opportunity. If, indeed, we can attack an every day car platform, as you are asking, this will become a very large growth platform for us. It's just too early to tell when that is going to happen. Do I think it's going to happen? Yes, sir. Do I know it's going to happen? Not yet, sir.
Wendell Weeks: Let me just close out the call by reiterating that we're very pleased with the progress on our strategy and capital allocation framework, since we announced it. We believe we're creating significant value for our shareholders and we look forward to updating you on our framework progress and results throughout 2017. Thanks to everyone for listening.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. Let me start on the optical question. We definitely had good growth in the fourth quarter. It was higher than what we expected. We did see the data center demand pick up in the fourth quarter. It was higher than Q3 and it was also higher than last year. I think what's important to remember about data center demand is it will be lumpy, because of the project nature of the business. But over time, we definitely expect this to be a strong driver of growth. And as we look out into next year, for our full year, we think our growth will be in the mid-teens. A lot of that, of course, driven by fiber of the home and carriers. But we do expect some growth in the hyperscale data -- enterprise in general, including hyperscale data centers. Now, for the first quarter, we said the growth would be greater than 25%. I think you can think about that, roughly half of that coming from the issues we had last year and half of it being the strong market that we have. Because overall, we think the market in the mid-teens gives you a sense that -- our growth in the mid-teens gives you the sense that the market, we expect to grow greater than 10%.
Tony Tripeny: Why don't I start with the telecom question, Rod. I think from an overall standpoint, we did see the growth in the fourth quarter and that was on a year-over-year basis, also versus Q3. But I think one thing that we learned in the process of talking about hyperscale growth is, because of the lumpy nature of it and the timing. It just doesn't make sense to think about it on a quarter in, quarter out basis. I think it's more important to think about it on an annual basis and it's part of our mid-teens or low teens growth that we expect in 2017.
Tony Tripeny: And then, Rod, on your last question on IT and screen sizes, I think at the end of the day, we don't expect it to have a big impact on the market. We agree, I think, IT is stronger than it has been over the last couple of years. But we still think that, you know, the units themselves, relatively flat, screen size relatively flat. So we just don't see it as a big contributor. Of course, we could be wrong about that. It may be a little bit of a positive contributor, but I think we would still end up in that range of mid-single digits in terms of the glass market.
Tony Tripeny: Clearly, Gorilla Glass 5 adoption was strong in the fourth quarter. I'm not going to give you the percentage of what it was, but it was strong in the fourth quarter and we expect it to continue to accelerate as we go into 2017 and that's positive, both in terms of the volume itself and of the premium price. And that premium price clearly had a positive impact on our profitability in Q4. And it will continue to have an impact on our profitability in 2017.
Tony Tripeny: Sure. I think on the overall growth standpoint, it's always hard for us to know exactly the impact of the software implementation issue that we had. But I think if you were to adjust for that, you would still see growth in the double digits. And that same applies to acquisitions. The bottom line here is that we think that our position in this market and where we play in this market and the part of the market that is most important to us is growing very rapidly and we think it's seen a double-digit growth. In terms to fiber-to-the-home, clearly North America is a place where we see lots of fiber to the home growth.
Tony Tripeny: The payment was with a customer and I'm not going to disclose what development work we were doing with that customer. And I'm also not going to disclose how much it is. But I think, you think relative to what your expectations were and the difference that explains most of it.
Tony Tripeny: So the answer to your second question is correct. That is the way that we expect it to play out. In terms of price declines and the amount of volume we have under contract, usually as we enter into the year, we have a high percentage under contract. So 90%, I think, was important for everybody to remember, that's the way this business works. And then relative to price declines more moderate, somewhere in the 10% range is how that would work out.
Tony Tripeny: I think that when we entered into our exchange contracts originally in 2014, we said they would be for three years and that we would stay at a constant rate of 99%. We have hedged about 70% of our exposure from 2016 to 2022 at about a $1.06 rate, but we're not ready to talk about the constant rate for 2018 yet, in part because we're looking at either other opportunities for us to hedge and we're also looking at different ways that we might hedge, as opposed to the FX contracts that we're using today. So I think when we made the FX rate change previously, we did it towards the end of the year. And I think that's probably the timing when you would expect us to talk about it again, or maybe even at the beginning of 2018.
