Wendell Weeks: Sure. In North America, what we saw that this year we ended the stimulus program and that is what has led to the lower volume levels. We had expected that -- we did expect the stimulus to add and the volumes to drop as a result. But it was what base when it return to and we had expected the base to show a little more growth from what we are currently forecasting. On a longer-term basis, we are pretty bullish on North America. If you are a close watcher of the space, you would have seen comments from major carrier on that getting more aggressive on fiber-to-the-home, which we take as very encouraging.
Wendell Weeks: Yeah. I would characterize it -- it’s really a feathering as we come out to that end of the year and the degree of precision on whether or not we will -- how much we will feather is in the pretty precision area. So this is subtle move. It’s not a significant move.
Wendell Weeks: Vamsi, I don’t think you realized that we have already achieved couple of weeks because of the forward looking. But as you know the television demand jumps up seasonally dramatically, in the square footage at retail in Q4 versus Q3 in absolute square feet goes up by 33% driven by the seasonality, primarily in North America and somewhat in Europe because of the holidays and obviously large sales -- large sized television of that. But we always see that type of seasonality. But we are -- it is that increase of a couple of 100 million square feet at retail, it gets pulled out of supply chain that causes the absolute number to come down.
Wendell Weeks: Sure. So we are really happy that to come to renewals to extend those contracts at least to the end of 2014. As Jims said, some of them now stretch beyond that. On -- in all of them, these are not market share gaining moves, these are market share stabilization move, so no change in our share at these customers and no change in the pricing mechanism.
Wendell Weeks: Yes. So we continue to work at a number of different opportunities for Large Cover Glass. I think you’ll understand if I don’t speculate directly on the timing of those and the like. However we’re presuming them in both consumer electronics and non-consumer electronics applications. We’re not counting on a big surge in the near term, but we believe that long term there is a strong opportunity within and like, large area covers. 
Wendell Weeks: So as we think about it Steve, I think the -- at the end market level, we’re seeing phones that are touch enabled up about 25% this year and tablets up about 30% and we see continued nice growth next year. I think though the --- always the challenging thing about forecasting quarter-to-quarter in Gorilla is the relatively long and complicated supply chain. Having Jim hit on, the good news which is, we believed that as we get through the fourth quarter of this year we will have worked to the last of the overhang of the over ordering from our customers in quarter four of last year. But I totally hear you, the supply chain, given its length and complexity can be difficult to forecast in any given quarter but the year-over-year trends at the consumption level continue to look good to us, Steve.
Wendell Weeks: Our Touch on notebook, I think there is couple of areas. First of all, the overall penetration touch into notebooks has ended up being less than what we had thought it would be at the beginning of the year. Some of this has to do with the some of the challenges of Windows 8, some of it has to do with some of the challenges of what will notebooks work like with touch. Will they be convertible or will they just be notebooks that work just like a notebook but I can touch it to. And all of that I don't think has yet been work through with the clear product concepts by our brands. So I think the penetration is certainly lower than what we would have thought at the beginning of the year and the notebooks continue to be priced and volume challenged. We do believe that this will be overcome that touch will be an important part of notebooks going forward and that ultimately about half of them will be touch enabled. And what we’ll continue to do is work to devise product that makes that more compelling product as well as to deal with some of the lower end and attack of lesser materials because of the incredible price sensitivity of these notebooks and that no one is yet to find the way to turn touch into a compelling price feature.
Wendell Weeks: So we said 20%, we said approximately but our intent is to get those shares taken out of the market as soon as we can. So we have made a final decision on what we are doing in terms of whether we’re doing to accelerate stock repurchase program or not. As soon as we do make that decision, we’ll let you know, but our desire is to get them out of the share account for 2014.
Wendell Weeks: Well, we try not to applying to much on what our competitors are doing but what’s happen for us on moderate price decline has obviously been influenced on those customers where we have these clauses on what our competitors do can have an impact. But I think overall the industry has seen moderate price declines, but I won’t comment more detail about our competitors. You obviously can look at your public statements.
Wendell Weeks: I think, if we just take a look at the fundamentals here, we expect Korea has a market, the two customers in Korea to be relatively stable. They have been and we expect them to continue to. We’re quite happy with our market share in Korea and our customer share at both of those players. So for us, the acquisition is about cost reduction and being able to utilize that low cost capacity to deserve our growing other customer bases around the globe and that’s where that real stabilization comes from on the financials. To your first question, I would just amplify what Jim said is for us, these customer agreements aren’t about our competitors, they’re about our customers. And approaching, one of the main reasons that we’ve extended them is that we have noted and our customers have noted that it has significantly improved our ability to focus on what really matters to our customers around innovation, service, quality et cetera and it has taken the whole tone of our dialog and focused it on how do we improve each other’s situations in a more integrated way. So that’s one of the main reasons that we have extended it.
Wendell Weeks: But we haven’t given official guidance yet for the market for next year. But I think that we’d be expecting probably directionally the glass demand in the absence of inventory shifts that we are not expecting, so it would be again in the upper single digits.
Wendell Weeks: We said sequentially, EPS could be down and we said that year-over-year, EPS could be flat or slightly down.
Wendell Weeks: Timing was identical to a year ago. But we said, you are referring to was the impact of the first initiation of this, as we had to get kind of reset in quarter four as a result of the agreement. But the timing was identical for those.
Wendell Weeks: So it’s a real mix by the customers and what we -- what our customer do is pick what they like and we were willing to agree to that. I think if we were willing, we probably could have gone even longer with more customers. But as, Jim, said for us, this takes cost and vigilance in each of these moves as we try to measure twice.
Wendell Weeks: So really we haven’t see much change in the competitive environment. So it’s not a market share issue for us in any of the major brands. We continue to feel very good about our share. Now that being said, there is more growth in the very low end piece of the smartphone market or sort of white goods and for tablets, the know named tablets in China. And these are phones for instance that sell for like less than $150. In that area, we have not penetrated as highly as you would normally expect us to. But our competition there is not from other alumino-silicate glasses. It’s from just thin window glass with chem. exchanged. So what we’re doing now is we’re taking a look at what should we do in that market segment to compete against the very low end product that really -- we haven’t seen since the very beginning of the cover -- glass effort so long ago in handheld and tablet. We defeated that as an inferior material. And now we’ve got to figure out how to address it in a market segment that is addressing a different piece of the market. So the way I’m looking at, that’s a really nice opportunity. Sorry for the long answer, but I thought maybe a more wholesome answer would be helpful to you.
Wendell Weeks: I think you should continue to think about the mobile devices to be the main driver. I think you’ll see some touch on notebook improve as well. And most of the other areas around was format and other applications are going to be sort of slower moving as opposed to the speed you see out of mobile consumer electronics.
Jim Flaws: I’ll start and then turn over to Wendell. On pricing for LCD glass, I don’t think you can declare permanent victory. We have to remain ever vigilant about this, but we are obviously delighted by what you mentioned, Mark, with a number of quarters were down, had a moderate level. I’d call your attention also to something we announced this morning and that is the renewal of the agreements that we announced last October, which had the structure of certain customers where our position was determined by the contract and the pricing would be related and that customer would be done by what the competition is of that customer. We are very excited to have those be renewed for this upcoming year of 2014. In some cases, we now have contracts that extend beyond 2014. So I'll never, in spite of all [retrieve] that we really made a lot of progress. Let me take the early read on 2014 and then I'll turn it over to you for the comments on what other customers are saying about the Samsung agreement. Our early read right now Mark is that we're heading into 2014 in a pretty good position in Display, if our expectation is right that there is a little pullback in utilization in Q4 at panel makers, we think that makes the inventory situation being very good heading into next year. And we continue to feel that, television sales will be strong. For us, it's all about size and as I reported we're seeing great year-over-year demand in large size televisions. And so, we're feeling pretty good about our early read on 2014 of for LCD.  Wendell do you want to comment about reaction from other customers
Jim Flaws: So in quarter one and two we are averaging about $125 million net come, in quarter three we're $85 million and probably be about $80 million in quarter four, so there clearly is a step down, we've known this for a while. The impact is we continue to have price erosion and unlike our wholly owned business, we have no volume growth and actually have a little bit of volume decline. It is not a share loss. Share remains the same it has been at both our large customers in Korea.  We did have some other impacts, some of the strength and income at SCP in earlier part of the year was actually they are making product and selling it through us under our old agreement. And you may recall that we've told in the first half of the year, a wholly owned business is relatively full. So we had SCP make product for us and under the old agreement they kept the majority of those profits. There also was a little FX impact in this quarter, but fundamentally not a share loss. But just there is not growth in demand in Korea right now and prices go down there and that impacted and we are not having them make product for us. And obviously this all resets when we get to the deal closing. Then we can use the worldwide capacity most efficiently. Relative to your comment on capacity in Korea, we have a significant amount offline there, but that significant amount offline comes about from what happened in the fourth quarter 2011 when the LG shares stepped down dramatically. So that’s where we have a big opportunity to use those very efficient tanks going forward.
Jim Flaws: You are seeing the gross margin impact in our corporate guidance which was down for the quarter that’s driven primarily by Display, some by Telecom. We have an enormous sequence of tank repairs coming up, so we will take advantage of those repairs that will allow us to throttle back a little. I do want to emphasize that this pull back from panel makers that we are talking about is not a significant one. We are talking about the -- our volume in Q3 down only a small percent, in Q4 to only a small percentages versus Q3. So it’s not a big deal but it is down.
Jim Flaws: Now I’ll finish up with your question about core EPS. Since you know we don’t give official EPS guidance. Our hope would be to have -- be flat sequentially but it’s possible with this down draft in Telecom because of the year-over-year seasonality we’re having this year, didn’t have last year and the fact that we don’t have any inventory build than Gorilla that we had last year, that we could be lower year-over-year on core EPS. 
Jim Flaws: So I don’t think there’s been a real change (inaudible) from our point of view on Gorilla. We’ve been dealing with the inventory work off all year long, but if you -- the consumption cycle can vary by depending one moral roll ups happen. But clearly year-over-year consumption quarter four versus or '12 versus this year is up, so we feel pretty good about that sequence and that consumption level last year quarter four was down from quarter three just like it is slightly this year. We believe that we’ll be finished working off this pile of inventory that was built in quarter four last year after quarter four and the thing that we’re interested in is the growth of IT and handheld and roll out a touch on notebook should drive year-over-year growth for Gorilla next year.
Jim Flaws: I start out by saying we do expect erosion to continue at SCP in quarter four. And once we take over, we believe that we’ll have the ability to manage that operation in a way that we can stop the erosion. And so we expect to get synergies from better utilization of the world wide set of tanks that we have. We’ll be able to get out of some high cost facilities. We will -- we do expect volume growth next year. In a way, we’ll be thinking about this as -- we’ll no longer be telling you what SCP is. We’ll be telling you what our worldwide LCD business is and also our Gorilla business. Remember, this year we’ve been dealing with Gorilla basically not having the growth we expected because of the overhang of inventory. We’ll now get that growth again because we’re matching the consumption level and that’s got to come out of tanks that we need to operate and so that’s where we’re going to get some of the benefits going forward. But we’re pretty confident that we’ll be able to achieve that $350 million incremental.
Jim Flaws: It could have been sequential. I think we are probably best serve here. Maybe if you and Ian can do a follow-up and think of the -- and just think of the models, make sure we’re not plugged and passed each other. I think we are probably best serve by that and what more we are talking past each other.
Jim Flaws: I think I would add. I think what you should read into it is that our customers are really delighted with the agreements. And so they like the way in which this allows us to work together and I think that’s why it seems like such a come easy event, is it something that our customers really want to do.
Jim Flaws: So we think glass supply remains relatively stable. We’ve seen disciplined behavior by the glass industry including ourselves. So we’re not expecting any change in glass price as we head into 2014.
