Marty Barrington: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. In the first half of 2014, Altria delivered adjusted diluted EPS growth of 5.2% and we made good progress against our full year plans. Our company’s leading premium brands and the strength of our diverse business model continue to deliver value for shareholders. Here are the highlights for the second quarter and first half of 2014. The smokable product segment delivered adjusted operating company’s income growth of 3.6% in the second quarter and 4.9% in the first half, while maintaining modest retail share growth on Marlboro. In the second quarter, Marlboro achieved excellent retail share of 44 points, up 0.3 from last year. For the first half Marlboro share grew 0.1 to 43.8 share points. Adjusted operating company’s income margins also increased both in the quarter and the first half with pricing as a key driver. So year-to-date, the smokable product segments performance has been strong. In smokeless, in the first half of 2014, USSTC focused on strengthening the Skoal value equation in part by better managing price gaps on Skoal Classic. On a sequential basis Skoal’s retail share was unchanged versus the first quarter. Copenhagen and Skoal delivered second quarter retail share of 51.1 share points, up 0.4 from last year and the highest combined share since we acquired UST. For the first half, Copenhagen and Skoal delivered combined retail share of 51 points, an increase of 0.3. Operating company’s income grew by 5.6% in the second quarter and 6.5% in the first half, while operating company’s income margins expanded to 66.6% and 64.5%, respectively. Our smokeless business continues to perform well in the competitive environment in line with it strategies. Turning to innovative products, Nu Mark began the national expansion of MarkTen e-vapor products in June in the Western half of the U.S. MarkTen achieved strong distribution in over 60,000 stores. These stores account for more than 70% of cigarette industry volume in the Western U.S. where MarkTen is distributed. Nu Mark is also making good progress integrating green smoke into its business, starting with a well-established supply chain that green smoke adds to Nu Mark. Altria continued to reward shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Altria paid shareholders almost $1 billion in dividends in the quarter and nearly $2 billion in the first half. As of July 18th, our annualized dividend yield of 4.6% surpassed the S&P 500 yield of 2% and the 10-year treasury yield of 2.5%. We expect to return a target payout of 80% of adjusted diluted EPS in the form of dividends. In the second quarter, Altria repurchased $132 million of its common stock at an average price of $40.72. We expect to complete our current $1 billion share repurchase program by the end of the third quarter of 2014. Further, Altria's Board recently authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program to enhance shareholder value. We expect to complete this new program by the end of 2015. Timing of share repurchases depends on marketplace conditions and other factors, and of course, dividends and share repurchases remain subject to the discretion of our Board. Based on our results so far and expectations for the remainder of 2014, we are narrowing guidance for both adjusted and reported diluted EPS. We now expect to deliver adjusted diluted EPS growth of 7% to 9% in a range of $2.54 to $2.59 off an adjusted base of $2.38 per share in 2013. We also expect to achieve full-year reported diluted EPS in the range of $2.54 to $2.59. We expect stronger adjusted diluted EPS growth in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter, driven by various factors, including lower fourth quarter costs in the smokable products segment due to the end of the quota by our payments and a significantly lower fourth quarter effective tax rate compared to the year ago period resulting from our 2013 debt tender offer. So, in all, we are pleased with the progress we're making against our strategies and financial goals and the momentum we are carrying into the second half of the year. Howard, will now provide additional details on the quarter and the first six months.
Marty Barrington: Yeah, that’s a good question. I mean, we allocate resources obviously based on the core businesses that we have today mentioned one which is smokeless, of course we have smokable and wine and we obviously have strength in our core businesses. They are terrific businesses with leading positions, great shares, great margins, and so forth and so on. With respect to innovative products, the way that we’re going about that Michael is to have a disciplined approach to innovating our way forward. You saw that for example about the way we handle test markets in Indiana and Arizona before we determine to do a national launch. So it's a little early. As everyone keeps saying to know about margins in the e-vapor business, but we’re focused on the adult tobacco consumer and if they're interested in these kind of innovative products, we want to make sure that we’re developing positions there. And in any category which emerges we intend to be the market leader.
Marty Barrington: Well, thank you for your question. As I am sure you can understand, I am not going to comment on a transaction that’s been proposed by others. I think the questions here are best directed to them. But I can tell you that at Altria, we’re the market leader today, we would be a market leader after any transaction has been proposed. We are really focused on maintaining our market leadership, that’s what we told our organization, and that’s how we’re thinking about.
Marty Barrington: Yeah. So let’s talk about those in turn. Good questions both. The volume, our estimate of course is 4.5%. I would counsel folks not to over read one estimate in one quarter. If you go back and you look at the historical line rates say for the last three years, actually you see an average rate over that period of about 3.5% and it’s been as high as 4, it’s been as low as 3. So they bounce around a little bit which is why we always say and believe that we should read them over time. So it is higher at 4, 5, but I wouldn’t over read again one estimate. Certainly PM USA had very nice pricing realization. In fact, it’s having quite a strong first half. Its income is up nearly 5%. Its margin is growing. Price realization is strong. So I would tell you that at least from our perspective I think what PM USA is doing is spot on strategy. We are trying to maximize the income. We are trying to keep modest share momentum on Marlboro and I think that the dials that they have been at PM USA in the first half have really worked very, very well.
Marty Barrington: You are right, Vivien, we don’t offer specific insights into the lines of the Marlboro business. But sure I think that what you see is that the Marlboro franchise overall is performing very well. Since we put in the Marlboro architecture and in particular with the new platform of Marlboro Black which has been quite successful, what you see is that Marlboro really has continued to perform very well. I think that speaks to the strength of the architecture. It’s a big brand, and we have now opened it up I think to the possibilities that it has in terms of marketing slightly different lead to different segments within the franchise, attracting competitive smokers while all the time being faithful to Marlboro’s positioning. And I think that’s what we’re seeing play out in the marketplace.
Marty Barrington: Well, we’re pretty encouraged. It is early, but we have achieved strong distribution. It’s now in 60,000 stores which is quite a lot in a short period of time. It’s been enthusiastically received by the trend, Vivien. And as you know, we have a lot of confidence in that product. So we’re very, very pleased to be able to roll this out nationally and really moving eastward as the year goes on. But we’re off to a good start is what I would say.
Marty Barrington: I haven’t read it yet. I just saw the press reports but I would say that the press reports are consistent with the position that our regulated companies took with the FDA, really for the last four years. Our position was composition of the TPSAC was flawed by appointment of people that had conflicts of interest. We thought it was inconsistent with the statute and we have been calling on FDA as you know if you look at the filings that are available on our website consistently to try to correct that. So I'm sure that we’re trying to be a constructive partner at FDA but it's important for the integrity of the system that everybody play by the rules. So I'm sure FDA is assessing what it will do. And I haven't seen anything from them yet this morning.
Marty Barrington: Good question. So our plan as we described previously is to have a rolling launch. We started that in June in the 25 states in the western part of the country. Obviously, as you’re building a new brand and you’re building capacity, you want to roll this out. Overtime, you want to be cognizant of having product in the store, so the people could get it, no out of stocks and the like. So we will be rolling eastward as we go through the summer and into the fall and that's how we’re thinking about the distribution. Distribution is important but it's not the only thing and you’ve touched on a couple of others, obviously. I continue to be very encouraged by the product development pipeline I see out of Nu Mark in e-vapor space. So as everyone knows, I know, and many have written that the consumer continues to move around unsurprisingly in a new category about what they want out of these products. And so we are hard at divining those consumer insights and having products available for them. So while we’re excited about MarkTen, I don't think it's last thing that anyone should expect either from us or others.
Marty Barrington: Okay. I’m not going to comment with regard to any proposed transactions but I will tell you I guess two things, one that the smokeable segment remains the same. We’re trying to maximize income while making sure that we have modest momentum on Marlboro. That's been winning strategy for decades and that is not going to change. The other thing I just would observe is that change is constant in business and we had Altria prepare for all scenarios. And I think that's the way to think about it which is we’re prepared to compete today, we’re prepared to compete tomorrow.
Marty Barrington: If I would say at the end of the second quarter, I mean, the one thing to remember always is that they tend to wash themselves out over the year, Chris. So they do go in and out a little bit for the quarter, but at least for PM USA, the inventory levels tend to wash themselves out over the year. The other thing to understand is as industry cigarette volume does come down over time, you would expect for wholesale inventories to come down with them. But I don't think there's anything particular to call out about ending inventories in the second quarter.
Marty Barrington: Guess what I would say David is what I said, one or twice already this morning is that I'm not going to comment on the transaction that’s been proposed by others. What we do at Altria is we focus on our business. We’re the market leader today. We have the leading positions to leading brands. I think superior infrastructure. I would expect for all of that to obtain. It is true that the competitive environment changes and you take that when you said strategy and it will be unsurprising to you to know that Altria has examined lots of scenarios over time to examine how best we might compete. So all that work has been done, but I think it's both premature and inappropriate for me to say what those might be.
Marty Barrington: David, I admire your persistence and I'm sure you'll appreciate my answer, which is I’m not going to comment on the transaction by others. But I would say this, we look at our cost all the time. And you’ve seen where PM USA is in terms of its controllable cost. And I don't think anybody should have reason to think that we won’t continue to have that kind of focus on controlling our cost. It’s part of the algorithm for growth.
Marty Barrington: Sure. Thank you for your question. I would say the following. One is, it’s very important to remember that the e-vapor category is just really beginning, it's emerging, and it’s very early days. There is very little brand equity that has been built by anyone. The products continue to change over time. So I think the idea that the category somehow fully developed and we’re late to the game is not the right way to look at it in our view. I would say the second thing that gives us confidence in our ability to move to market leadership in the e-vapor category is the fact that we are the market leader in every category in which we compete virtually. So whether it’s cigarettes or smokeless or a wonderful wine company, what we've done is we've built terrific brands with superior products and satisfied adults in a way to allow us to build our businesses. So that's how we’re thinking about it. This is a business we’re in. These are the consumers that we set out to satisfy and if consumers are interested in e-vapor products, we want to be the best at it.
Howard Willard: Sure. This is Howard. I think any acquisition is going to be governed by U.K. Takeover law, which has a number of protections in place to try and ensure that the shareholders are treated fairly. And so I think at the highest level that would certainly govern the transaction. I think with regard to a cash deal, I think we would evaluate that the way we would any potential transaction for SAB and we would evaluate it through the eyes of the Altria shareholder and determine whether or not we thought that provided significant enough incremental value to warrant giving up the strong performance that we’ve gotten on an ongoing basis from SABMiller. And I think that we would vote our shares based on that view.
Howard Willard: I think probably the biggest driver of that is the performance we’ve had in the first half. We feel like we’ve had a good performance in the first half. Our strategies have been progressing quite nicely. And frankly the risk of anything upsetting those strategies in the first half has kind of passed now and so we feel like we’re in a position to kind of narrow the range that we think we can hit for the year.
Howard Willard: I think certainly one of the drivers in the quarter was as you pointed out the rollout of MarkTen. Given that this was the quarter that we did the western launch, that was an impact. But I will also say to you that historically you’ve seen some movement quarter-to-quarter in the amount of SG&A expense. And we tend to budget that on a full-year basis. So I think that you will get a better idea of the trend by looking at that on the full-year basis. And I think well certainly the innovative product space is going to have an impact. We continue to have quite a focus on reducing costs in the core and you should continue to see us focus quite sharply on that. But that’s going to be probably reveal itself on a longer-term basis looking at annual term.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think we’ve communicated that our full year tax rate is expected to be about 35%. And if you compare that to the back half of last year, you’ll see that that’s significantly lower in the fourth quarter. I think last years tax rate was a little in excess of 37%. So that gives you an idea going from 37% to 35%, that’s a pretty significant impact. And then with regard to the FETRA payments discontinuing in the fourth quarter, on an annual basis our FETRA payments had been about $400 million. So on a quarter’s impact, that would be estimated to be about a $100 million.
Howard Willard: Hey, David, I really don’t think it had any impact. I mean, we continue to have a strategy to address the reinstatement of that verdict and we've been managing our businesses much the way we have over the last several quarters.
