Sal Mancuso: Sure. Bonnie, as you said, we were able to narrow guidance. Our EPS for the first half was in line with our expectations. As far as the second half, let me point to a few factors. Remember, we're lapping the acquisition of NJOY which occurred in June of last year. We also have two extra shipping days and there are a couple of other items I'll point out. The benefit of our accelerated share repurchase program is back half weighted. And then as I mentioned earlier, there'll be the expiration of the legal fund which is part of our MSA costs and that expires in the fourth quarter of this year.
Sal Mancuso: Yes, there's a lot to unpack. So I want to make sure I get to all your questions, Bonnie, if I don't, please follow up. I'm going to work a little bit backwards. So let's talk about smokable for a minute. Remember, we are managing that business to maximize profitability and balance investments behind Marlboro in our smoke-free products. And we're really pleased with the strong net price realization. We're pleased with the strong margin performance. But during economic difficult times for our consumers. We are going to support them and we're doing that, I think, pretty effectively through our RGM strategies which include investments in Marlboro Black. In the second half of the year, there are some tailwinds that we expect to see. Some have already mentioned, right, the two extra shipping days that occurred in the back half of the year, the expiration of the legal fund in the fourth quarter. We'll also be lapping the investments we began to make in Marlboro Black last year which really is an important tool to engage with consumers who are facing difficult economic times and maybe more price sensitive. So we feel really good about the progress in the smokable segment and the progress going forward with that as well. So that's the smokable segment. As far as the back half of the year, I think I've talked to you about and talked about the individual items that were that will be tailwinds to our EPS growth in the back half of the year. But we don't manage the business quarter-to-quarter. We are managing it for the long term. and we're really pleased with the financial progress. But volumes are down and that will drive controllable costs up on a per pack basis. And part of margin growth is both pricing and effective cost management. There are a couple of items that we've mentioned. So we have a base inflation rate for MSA of at least 3%. And then, I talked about this last quarter and it disproportionately hit the first quarter but industry profits from a leading competitor are lower than expected. So that is driving some of our MSA costs. But again, our folks do a great job of using technology thinking about better ways of continuing to execute our strategy. And then having flexibility where we could manage cost between smokable and then use that infrastructure in our newer products. I think you've seen the strong results in our innovative smoke-free products.
Sal Mancuso: Let me start with your question on the credit rating in ABI and then I'll turn it over to Billy. So first, look, we believe it's in the best interest of our shareholders to manage a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating is important because from time to time, we do enter the commercial paper market as our cash outflows vary over the course of the year, you pay MSA in April and things like that. But if you look at our history, in our allocation of resources and capital, we've taken a very balanced approach. We have really strong cash-generative operating companies. After paying the dividend to our shareholders, we generally have over $1 billion in excess cash and we're able to deploy that in a number of ways. In the past, we've deployed it through share repurchase, we have managed our maturity towers. We've paid off debt that is coming due. So -- and we were able to provide in our corporate goals some -- a little bit of transparency related to our leverage goal of 2:1. So obviously, managing the strength of our balance sheet remains strong. As far as the ABI asset, there's really no change to how we view that asset. It's a financial asset. We think about it through the lens of Altria's shareholder and long-term shareholder value. So really no change to that at all.
Sal Mancuso: Yes, sure. You are correct. The total legal fund is about $500 million. We pay our fair share of that based on shipments and you'll get a 1/4 of that this year in the remaining three quarters in 2025.
Sal Mancuso: Yes. Well, look, we engage with domestic growers, primarily they're fantastic business partners. They work really hard to provide us with high-quality leaf. You are seeing some inflation in the lead cost, their labor costs are up, fuel costs were up, obviously. We're blending multiple years of leaf in our product and as some of those economic factors move, it could influence our leaf cost. We're very fortunate in our businesses is that our cost of goods are fairly low for our products. We have high margins in the cigarette category as an example, it's really MSA, FET, fees like that, that are the primary cost drivers in the cigarette business. But we have a terrific department that engages with our growers and they do a fantastic job of getting high-quality lead at a competitive price and they'll continue to do that work.
Billy Gifford: Yes. And that is the key point that you point out, Matt. I think when you think about it, when we talk about continued momentum building, that momentum is really around awareness. And I think we have their attention. We need to translate that momentum and awareness to momentum in action. And so yes, there are some limited actions that have been taking place but they need to step up significantly. What you saw in that increase in category movement to illicit vape is the prevalence of the illicit vape in the marketplace. Just to give you an example, you heard, a store mentioned at the hearing on Capitol Hill with the FDA and DOJ, we sent a representative in this week and those illicit vapes are still available and they were able to purchase it. So, then we send them to stores around the FDA headquarters and within the shadow of the FDA headquarters, we found at least 5 stores where illicit vapes are prevalent and readily available. So it's one thing to drive momentum and awareness, we need momentum in action.
Billy Gifford: Yes. We've seen some enforcement there. Remember, they started enforcing right away in Louisiana and then there was a TRO, a restraining order that put it on hold. What we did see as far as early trends. And again, I'll call them early because we need to see continued enforcement is that in the multi-outlet convenience channel, we did see authorized products go up as far as that, the illicit products went virtually to zero and that we did see a slight difference in cigarette volume declines. But what we see is because of the lack of enforcement across the U.S. is that once entrench those supply chains and you heard in the remarks, we're seeing that now that the supply chains have been established, the bad actors are putting more products through that same supply chain. So we need a concerted effort across the U.S. but those were the early trends we saw in Louisiana.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I don't have that number off the top of my head, Callum. I'll make sure IR follows up as far as percent of cigarette volume and e-vapor volume. The point you highlight is that I think they're trying to be disciplined and think about a total enforcement approach in these states and that's why we see a bit of delay in the implementation of it. But I think it's an important step. Once they get the enforcement in place and really hold manufacturers accountable to it, we think they can have an impact. We would like to see this happen across the U.S. and at the federal level.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think to your point, regardless of the outcome of the election, we'll certainly have a new administration. We really engage on both sides of the aisle and intend to work with either administration that comes in place. I think the focus will be that the right approach is harm reduction. But to have a fruitful harm reduction, you need both authorizations for legitimate smoke-free products and enforcement for illicit products. And that prohibition is not the proper framework. And so they really need to focus on restoring. We think the FDA has all the tools necessary and partnering with the other federal agencies, they just need to take action. But certainly, we will never turn down a legislative approach and we'll continue to propose approaches that we think could be effective but we think the tools are there already.
Billy Gifford: Yes. It's early on yet, Callum, as we've repositioned to NJOY at retail given a greater visibility and really have both equity a new equity campaign highlighting the benefits of NJOY over other products and the advantages the consumer can have. I understand your question and we'll be sure to share those when we feel like we have enough data on hand to be able to project those.
Billy Gifford: Yes. And following up on your question about potential enforcement actions, we do believe they can bring the market back to order. Some of the things that we've mentioned to the FDA and letters to them, just to give you a flavor of what we think they can do. The FDA really hasn't taken any action again, either in the form of litigation or civil monetary penalties against the largest illicit vapor manufacturers or the U.S.-based distributors. If you think about U.S.-based distributors, the litigation, the distributors have assets that can be seized. If you think about holding these illicit actors either civilly or criminally accountable for the activities they have in the marketplace. They can put all illicit products on a list that custom should prevent from entering the borders, impose the civil monetary penalties that they have at the maximum levels, not just warning letters. And like I mentioned earlier to Matt, following up on warning letters, here, there was a store pointed out to them in a congressional hearing and the illicit vapor products are still available there at the store. So there are some simple things and then there are some that require this multi-agency collaboration but we believe could be effective. You mentioned synthetic nicotine. Just take the prevalence we're starting to see in nicotine pouch. When that statute was passed to give the FDA authorization over synthetic nicotine, it said, any product that did not receive authorization and they gave a dead line, that wasn't authorized, that wasn't authorized was not longer legally -- should be legally available on the market. But we're seeing -- I mentioned 350 SKUs and more each month. It's just a matter of enforcement and holding people accountable to the regulation.
Billy Gifford: I think you could highlight some green shoots. I think when you think about it, is certainly we've seen, like, let's just use inflation as one. We've seen inflation lessening but it's not a matter of a quarter-to-quarter inflation, it's really a matter of the cumulative inflation that takes place. And so the green shoots from a standpoint is you need some time of a steady marketplace for the consumer to adapt to their new conditions. And we try to highlight that for a couple of quarters. So we're seeing some green shoots. You highlighted the kind of a more steady decline. But then we highlighted just the opposite with illicit vape, where we're seeing increased consumers moving over because of the plethora of those products in the marketplace and being readily available. So yes, there are some green shoots that we're seeing in the economics.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Thanks for the question, Owen. I think you highlight inventories and when you think about inventories, I would just encourage you to look at them a bit more longer term in the quarter. Certainly, from a standpoint of overall inventories, they tend to balance through time. But as we see volume declines, certainly, through time, you would expect some decrease in inventories commensurate with the decrease in volume but that's more of a kind of a trend to trend basis, they're very similar. I think also I would highlight -- you highlighted wholesale inventory included in there is some retail inventory I do think, as we've seen the plethora of illicit vapes as we see some capital allocated by retailers into the illicit vape category.
Billy Gifford: Yes. As far as on! in Sweden and the U.K., we haven't disclosed market share. We're still in the early stages of that. We tried to highlight some of the repeat purchases and some of the increased distribution. So we'll get a little traction there and then we'll be able to share those. I think as far as NJOY, you see the activity in the U.S. with illicit vape. I think as you look at least in the European community, it's a very similar type of situation taking place with a plethora of illicit vapes there as well. Some countries are looking to try to garner and take control of that illicit vape market. So we'll see how that plays out. Our focus for NJOY right now is we feel like there's a huge opportunity here in the U.S. and that's where our focus is. And then as far as SWIC, we mentioned some learning that we would have as we approach year-end. And so we'll share more about that as we get closer.
