Martin J. Barrington: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. Altria is off to an excellent start in 2016, growing adjusted diluted earnings per share by 14.3% despite a tough 2015 comparison. Both the smokeable and smokeless product segments saw robust, adjusted operating companies income growth and expanded margins. Altria paid over $1.1 billion in dividends. So once again, our first quarter results illustrate the strength of our core tobacco businesses and our focus on execution. Here are the highlights from the quarter. The smokeable products segment continued its outstanding performance with contributions across the brand portfolio. In the quarter, adjusted operating companies income grew 9.2%, primarily driven by higher net pricing, higher volume, and lower SG&A and manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher resolution expense. Cigarette industry volume declines were moderate in the quarter, supported by lower gas prices and employment and wage growth, which continued to benefit adult tobacco consumers. PM USA's volume did even better than the industry decline rate due to modest share gains, though the growth was flattered a bit by an additional shipping day and trade inventory movements. For the quarter, PM USA's total retail share was 51.4%, up 0.3 of a percentage point. Marlboro's retail share remained at 44%, and L&M gained share in discount. In the machine-made large cigar category, Middleton's focus on the more profitable tipped cigar segment continued to produce strong results. Middleton's volumes were up 8.3%. So we are very pleased with the smokeable segment's performance. PM USA's investments to maintain a vibrant Marlboro franchise and our long-term approach to the business continue to pay off. Turning to the smokeless product segment, USSTC continues to execute against its strategies, and that produced a strong quarter. Adjusted operating companies income grew 16.7%, driven by higher net pricing and higher volume, which benefited from the national expansion of Copenhagen Mint and modest overall share gains. Copenhagen and Skoal grew their combined retail share by half of a share point. Once again, Copenhagen was both the fastest-growing smokeless brand and the largest, growing its retail share by 1.1 percentage points to 32.4%. In mid-March, USSTC expanded Copenhagen Mint nationally with a strong awareness and trial generating plan. Copenhagen Mint is rooted in Copenhagen's essence of authenticity, masculinity, and craftsmanship and allows the brand to compete in all major smokeless flavor categories. Our sales force quickly gained strong distribution, and we are receiving positive response from our trade partners. In innovative tobacco products, Altria continues to invest in developing a leading portfolio of products to meet evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences. In e-vapor, Nu Mark continued to expand distribution of MarkTen XL as early marketplace results have been encouraging in lead markets. On the heated tobacco platform, our work with Philip Morris International on an FDA application for a modified-risk tobacco product claim remains on plan. And our teams are making excellent progress on branding and go-to-market strategies for the U.S. Turning to beer, AB InBev and SABMiller report that they are targeting the second half of 2016 to obtain the necessary approvals needed to complete the transaction. We remain excited about the transaction and look forward to supporting the combination of these two great companies. Internally, our teams are preparing to transition our investment from SABMiller to the new combined entity, and we look forward to sharing more details about that at the appropriate time. In late January, Altria announced a $300 million productivity initiative designed to maintain its operating companies' leadership and cost competitiveness. We've made significant progress on the program. In particular, we have completed the design and realignment of our organization. So in summary, we are off to a strong start. We are reaffirming our guidance for 2016 full year adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $3.00 to $3.05, representing growth of 7% to 9% from our 2015 adjusted diluted EPS base of $2.80. As a reminder, this guidance does not include any impact from the proposed AB InBev and SABMiller business combination, as the transaction remains subject to certain approvals and the closing date has not yet been determined. Now I'll turn things over to Billy for more details on our performance.
Martin J. Barrington: Listen, we are 12 weeks in, I guess is the honest answer. It's a great start. The businesses are in good shape, Matt. We're very pleased with the performance. I want to congratulate the teams at Altria for the work they've done. But we're 12 weeks in, and we are always careful as we start out the year. Remember, we've also got some state excise tax threats that remain out there that we are working our way through. And so that's how I would recommend that we think about that right at this moment.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. Good question. Let me try to take, maybe, it in two pieces. One is what should be happening, and then what is happening. What should be happening, I think, is that the FDA statutes should be observed. We are all in favor of minimum age. We're the company, I've pointed out, that led the efforts to get minimum age laws in place where they weren't. But the reference point has historically been 18 years. There are a few differences in a few states. But if we look at the Master Settlement Agreement or the FDA bill itself or other reference points, it's been 18 years. I think we can all remember that when the statute was passed by FDA, what was supposed to happen was the question was supposed to have been studied by FDA, a report filed with Congress, and then you could have a debate about whether it should be raised or not. And so that's what should happen, and we support that process as we supported the FDA bill. Unfortunately, what's happening is we have states and localities, with all respect, that are not observing that approach. And so there are these efforts. And the efforts have taken a bit of an uptick. To dimensionalize the volume and the population, I think the population of that cohort, say 18 years to 20 years, is roughly – I don't know – call it 3% or 4%, Matt. The volume estimate, I think that I've seen one published, it's about 2.5%. So that assumes that it all happens and it all comes in at once. So obviously the impacts would be more muted over time. But I think the most important thing would be to encourage people to allow an informed debate based on science and evidence over at the Congress. And that's what our position is on it.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. Thanks for the questions, both. Let me separate out the categories, I think, which might be helpful for precision. Let's start with smokeable. So on a – if we look back at full year of 2015, PM USA actually grew its volume, right, by roughly 0.5%, if memory serves. And then in this quarter, Steve, what we've got is on an adjusted basis down actually 0.5%. So it's obviously well below the historical trends of 3% to 4%, but actually on a sequential basis in cigarettes, the decline has picked up a little bit, but just a little bit. I think that's the way we'd think about smokeable. The smokeless volumes, our industry estimate is, on a six-month trailing basis, we estimate about 2.5%. That's actually relatively consistent with our estimate, I think, for the last two years if you look at it on an average basis. Our shipments were flattered a little bit, obviously, because we had the launch of Copenhagen Mint. So that's how we look at the volume. I guess what I would say is the volumes continue to be strong on both segments, and that's good for our business.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Thanks for those questions. We continue to be excited about iQOS. As you know, we will have the exclusive rights to that product in the United States. We are working on two tracks. We mentioned this, I think, in our remarks. We are working closely with PMI on the FDA application to get it approved in the United States, and hopefully approved as a reduced-harm claim. And that's an important strategic development for the category generally and certainly for Altria. The other thing that we're doing is we're working on our branding plans and our go-to-market plans and how we intend to commercialize it in the United States. And I don't want to get ahead of the work, because we haven't announced anything yet, but I continue to be very excited about what I see. I think it's important to bring these kinds of products to the adult tobacco consumers. And I think it represents a major opportunity for FDA to work with the industry on harm reduction. So we're excited about all that.
Martin J. Barrington: I'm not sure I have much to add to what I said earlier, Bonnie, which is – you know, there's no question we are off to a very good start. We're very pleased about that. The businesses are all in very good shape. We're just 12 weeks in, that's all. And we're trying to be prudent about that. That's the sum total of it, if you want to know the truth.
Martin J. Barrington: Right. So we give reported numbers, as you know, for the brands, which are in the tables in the release. And then we try to do an adjustment at the category level. That's about all I can help you with on that. On a more positive note, we continue to do really good work in the digital space. The Marlboro app has been very well received. We had very good cooperation with a number of our trade partners, who I'd like to thank for that. We now have the Marlboro couponing app, for example, on their platform in many places. The Marlboro coupons are being accepted in more than 100,000 retail locations. It covers about 70% of industry volume. Marlboro.com, the digital platform for age-verified adult smokers, is really doing great things. We had several promotions over on the Marlboro.com side that had some of the biggest interest that we've had in a very long time. So everybody is working in the space. We are very proud of the teams that are doing the work on this. I think it's a terrific and a responsible way to connect with both our Marlboro smokers and competitive adult smokers. So we're very pleased about how digital is going.
Martin J. Barrington: No, I was getting ready to take your questions this morning, Bonnie, so I did read the headline. I saw the headline. I think I'm going to read the report when I have some time later today. The headline does seem to be consistent with what many in public health are saying, which is these innovative products hold promise. And they have to be done responsibly, of course, but they do hold promise for helping adult smokers migrate to less harmful products. But I'd like to – if you can allow me, I'd like to read the report in full.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Let me separate out for purposes my answer this application, then the process generally. I think that's probably the way to do it. We remain – I think you've seen PMI say this – that I think the schedule remains for late third quarter, perhaps fourth quarter of this year, to file the application, which is consistent with, I think, what we've said before. These applications are quite voluminous. There's a lot of science and clinical – I'm sure you've been briefed on that; it's a lot of work. I don't want to comment about talking to FDA about this application, but generally speaking, I can tell you how it works, which is when you want to have applications like this, you want to partner with FDA. And so we communicate with FDA regularly on our issues and try to get feedback from them. I think in the pharmaceutical side, for example, it's well-known that if you're going to design clinical trials, you want to go in and talk to your regulator and show them your trial protocols and get feedback on that before you go to that time and expense. So I would say generally it's working about the same way. And that's what you would expect if you're going to have a good relationship with your regulators, which is what we see.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, I think there are some questions to be worked through there. I think at a very high level, without getting ahead of ourselves, I think if it's characterized as a cigarette, which, as you know, there's the device, and then the cigarette which is warmed, the cigarettes would be covered by the MSA. I think that's the thinking.
Martin J. Barrington: Let me just start and then I'll hand it to Billy for a word of detail. Remember, the productivity initiative consists of a couple of pieces, one of which is the organizational realignment. I think that is largely completed and our organization is now really in place and going. And then there are other SG&A savings. And, Billy, you may want to say a word about that.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Let's start with the competitive environment. It's always competitive, and it continues to be competitive. But I think you're right that there hasn't been a marked change in that regard subsequent to some owners getting new brands. They're executing the strategies that I think they said they would execute. They are the strategies that we would expect for them to execute. And as you might expect, we have very good plans in place. At a very high level what I would say is we have been the market leader for decades. There's a reason for that, through thick and thin, which is we have very good people, we have the leading brands and the leading positions. And so while we respect our competition, I assure you that our people are ready to compete in this new environment. We haven't seen anything that's markedly different there. With respect to Marlboro, I'm tempted but I won't reprise the presentation that we put on in CAGNY just a few months ago about all the many strengths of Marlboro. You're right, Judy. It's modest share momentum over time, and a quarter is not over time. I think when we were talking about this several weeks ago, we looked back, and Marlboro has actually grown about two full share points if you look back from the period, call it, 2007-2008 to-date, which is terrific share performance for a brand that's as big as that. One way to look at the competitive environment is how PM USA did in the quarter. So just to call out again a few of the highlights. It grew its income more than 9% over a tough comp. It expanded its margins. It had net pricing realization in line with the long-term trends. So it's a terrific performance despite the fact that we have a transaction and there are some new owners of new brands out there. I think that's how we'd look at it.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, thanks for your question. Here's the way we think about it. We feel very comfortable where we're at. We always monitor market conditions and try to take advantage of market conditions. So I'm not going to commit to any future actions one way or the other, but that's the way we think about it. We are comfortable where we're at, but we do monitor the market conditions.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Thanks for those, Nik. Look, we did have an extra shipping day for PM USA, so it obviously flattered the volume a little bit. We have one fewer in the fourth quarter. So, on the yearly basis, which is how we think about it, it will wash itself out. On L&M, I would say that it's doing exactly what we want it to do. We want to have L&M participate in the declining discount segment. That industry segment continues to decline as the premium effect in the category obtains. But L&M is doing a very good job there, but we don't want to grow the discount category. And L&M is doing exactly that. I read with interest and listened to the reports about Director Zeller. I've seen his presentation. We continue to be encouraged and optimistic that the FDA will adopt the continuum of risk with respect to products. It's the right thing for consumers. I think it's the right public policy, and it should promote innovation. This is a category in which the FDA, in our opinion, should be promoting innovation to bring new products to smokers in particular. And I thought it was great that Director Zeller went out and shared his views at the conference.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, Michael. We had a little bit of those savings in the first quarter, but you are correct in thinking that the majority of those savings would be progressing as we move through the year. And that was all incorporated in the guidance.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, thanks for the question, Judy. Nothing significantly unusual in that. You hit the first point, which was volume was up, so that drove it up higher. And then every year we have the inflation factor that gets topped on for the MSA. So those are the two major drivers of MSA for the quarter. But thanks for your question.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, thanks for your question. No, no change in strategy or philosophy. Look, we want to maintain our investment-grade credit rating, and that's what we strive to do. We are pleased with the upgrades because we think it's recognition of the strong balance sheet that we have and the strength of the businesses. But yeah, no change in the underlying strategy.
