Mike Szymanczyk: Well, the answer to your – the last part of your question is, yes, that’s the idea. This is a category that it’s grown pretty substantially here over the last few years. But in retail stores, there hasn’t been any significant movement in the space at the same time the cigarette category is declined in volume, and while inventories have come down in the cigarette business, the actual physical space devoted to cigarettes hasn’t meaningfully changed as well. So there’s a good opportunity to play catch-up here and that’s what we’re doing in the second half of the year.  We’re helping retailers redistribute their space, so it’s more consistent with their sales, and that will allow for better performance I think in the smokeless business regarding out-of-stocks and products, things like that, while at the same time continuing to present the cigarette category in appropriate way in the stores. And we also expect to see the cigar business drives and benefits from that because as well because that’s being accommodated as a part of this work. So that remains ongoing.  I would say we’re about halfway through what we want to get accomplished this year. So we’re pretty much on target with what we expected to get done. And it’s an important thing to get done, because we have initiatives in the smokeless business that we want to bring to the marketplace, but we want to bring into the marketplace in a way that they can be presented properly in retail stores, so it’s important work.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I’m not sure quite how to answer that. I mean we look at the brand as a whole and we do segment it between the menthol side of the business and the non-menthol side of the business, both of those have performed well. But, beyond that, we really don’t breakout the individual pieces.  What we try to do is take a look at the marketplace, see what the opportunities are to engage competitive smokers in the brand, and the SKUs that we put in the market are designed to appeal to a broader segment of the adult smoking universe, so that the brand can continue to grow. And we’ve – we’ve had successes with that, that’s why you see the total overall share continuing to rise to what’s a pretty significant level.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I’m not going to project the Copenhagen business forward. But I think the initiatives that have been put in place along with the other infrastructure activities that I was just speaking about that we’re engaged with in assisting retailers in improving their overall smokeless position in their stores will continue to allow that brand to be successful. Relative to Skoal, we continue to view that franchise as one that it has some significant potential. We have some plans for Skoal. But first thing’s first, we’re accomplishing one step at a time here relative to this business. And, right now, we’re focused on Copenhagen. We’re focused on giving overall category dynamics position properly so that whatever we do in the marketplace you can realize its full potential.
Mike Szymanczyk: It was primarily last year and we also always have some changes in wholesale inventories, but it was primarily last year.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I think if you look at history, you’re right that the Marlboro brand has sustained gaps in the low-to-mid 40s, and in fact even higher than that during some periods of time. But if you also look at that history in a little more detail what you’ll see is that there is a very real relationship between unemployment and consumer confidence and the ability to sustain higher gaps.  And so, right now, you continue to have high unemployment than you continue to have low consumer confidence. So the brand is performing quite nicely with gaps in the mid 30s. And I think as the economy improves which inevitably I think will the possibility exist for the brand to withstand lighter gaps. But I think you have to be sensitive to the fact that our history tells us that unemployment numbers and the confidence numbers have a bearing on what the consumer is willing to pay at any given point in time, and so we try to be sensitive to that.  And I’d also say there is a – the US market is not one big market, it’s a market that’s broken down into pieces, and so there’s variability between states, between tax jurisdictions, between areas of higher unemployment versus lower unemployment, and there is variation in gaps, because our pricing is managed not just on a national list price basis, but also on a state and region basis and it considers other factors that’s one of the reasons why we’re able to show margin expansion is because we can be more surgical in the way we manage gaps across the country.
Mike Szymanczyk: Yes, well, I mentioned this in our last earnings call that we were seeing a lot of competitive activity in the cigar business in the first half. And at time we said that we would be responding to that, so we have. And I think Black & Mild has responded well. The share has turned the corner and started back up, so I think we are getting the kind of effect that we wanted, although there is some cost associated with that.  So we’ll see how that plays out here overtime, but we’re – our interest is in having a brand grow with equity building activities and so somewhat what we’ve done in the second half is launched Royale another SKU of Black & Mild, and we’re seeing some early-on positive momentum from that as well. So we have other initiatives beyond that that we think will help support this business and also will allow us to from the margin back up a bit following this kind of spat of extraordinary competitive activity.Christine Farkas – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. But the category is growing low single digits, so it’s not structural to the category. This is really brand specific and competitive pricing.
Mike Szymanczyk: Yes, I think that’s right.Christine Farkas – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for that, Mike.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, as to your second question, I haven’t quite looked at it that way, so I’d hesitate to tell you that I think you’re right. I just haven’t examined it from that perspective. I think it’s more complicated than that when you start looking at growth in a category. But, nonetheless, Copenhagen Wintergreen has performed pretty well. Relative to your first question, we haven’t seen a lot of change pretty stable this year relationship between the discount – overall discount segment, premium segments with movement between brands within each segments.  So all brands come in and they some particularly in the deep discount into the business you see some brands come in and they grow and then something happens and somebody else starts to grow. So the business moves around somewhat between brands, so I that’s gone on for while.  And, frankly, the fact that some people exit probably doesn’t have much impact on the overall dynamic in the category, it just continues to facilitate that movement between different brands within the discount segment.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I think that the dynamics of work would indicate that there is movement between the cigarette category and the smokeless category, there is movement of consumption. Some of that movement is people smoking fewer cigarettes and using smokeless tobacco as an alternative, some as people switching from cigarette smoking to smokeless tobacco. It’s kind of hard to quantify exactly what’s what. But, clearly, there is movement there, and I think that movement would include Marlboro.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I think it depends on the store. In many cases, it’s really a reallocation of the space, so that the fixtures that are in the stores can accommodate the necessary inventory levels on smokeless tobacco to meet the sales requirements in those stores and in some of those cases that space is coming from cigarette rack space, because the inventory necessary to meet the sales demand of the cigarette business can be accommodated with less footage of space.  So I don’t know that that is a what I would describe as a huge change in the presentation of the world tobacco in the retail store as much as it is a better management of inventory for the retailer, so that they can meet their consumer demand, and maintain appropriate inventory positions in their stores. I think that’s the way to look at it.  There are situations where the categories are not presented together or they’re not efficiently displayed in the store and so there is some opportunity for retailers to improve that situation as well. But in think in most cases it really is a reallocation of space to meet changing dynamics that have occurred over the last couple of years in the categories.
Mike Szymanczyk: I don’t think that we’ve seen an uptick. I think it’s pretty much on the historical price elasticity model. So I think that it’s pretty, pretty stable within that model.
Mike Szymanczyk: Yes, I think what you – when you talk about people exiting the marketplace, it’s really talking about a deep discount players, and we really don’t play on the deep discount business. So we tend to have some interaction between Marlboro and the more premium and higher priced end of the discount segment. So you see Marlboro being successful and picking up some of that market share, but it would be unlikely that we would pickup deep discount share, because we really don’t have an entry there.
