Billy Gifford: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. I'll take them in order. So from a standpoint, we were excited to see the resilience of our consumer. And that's why we wanted to highlight the wage inflation that I think a number of industries don't see it's benefited our tobacco consumer. It's something that we'll continue to watch. Certainly, gas prices has impact on our consumers because usually they're filling up their car truck and then going in and purchasing the product. So it's something that we'll continue to watch, but we feel pleased through the first quarter with the resiliency we've seen in the tobacco consumer. As far as Marlboro, we're extremely excited with the stability of Marlboro. And if you go back, you can see pre-COVID, we had the benefit of the strength of Marlboro. And we benefited from the consumer having extra discretionary income as we proceeded through the COVID pandemic. And I think that pointed to that Marlboro's still the aspirational brand in the marketplace. And then as we've seen discretionary income come under pressure, we gave a little bit of that share back that we had benefited during the COVID virus. But through that entire period, the Marlboro brand has held up. You always see a little bit of movement. If you think about Marlboro as the brand, it has over 90% loyalty. That's a consumer that's buying it every time they make a purchase of a cigarette in the marketplace. But you see a little bit of movement, but nothing that I would highlight for you at this point.
Billy Gifford: Yes. What we tried to highlight was where we saw some of the growth. It was in the vape shop channel. Again, no trend there to highlight. Just wanted to highlight where we saw the growth sequentially. I think if you step back and look at the entire e-vapor category, what we've tried to highlight is as all of these products are coming under FDA regulation, and we should see and have started seeing some of the decisions by the FDA, I think that entire category will be in a bit of a transition over the next year to 18 months as some products make it through the process and some are denied. And so those consumers will be moving around a bit. What we look forward to and continue to believe is that e-vapor can play an important role in harm reduction in the U.S. once we get to a total FDA-authorized marketplace.
Billy Gifford: Yes. So to your point on our metrics page, you can see our share of menthol is 9.4% across PM USA, and it's pretty consistent from an industry standpoint that it represents about 1/3 of industry from a menthol cigarettes in the marketplace versus non-menthol.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think you can think of it as a form of government stimulus, to a certain extent, Vivien. When you think about it, the actual refund checks are up. As far as -- we'll see how that plays out through the second quarter, not everybody gets their refund checks in the first quarter. But we certainly want to highlight it for our consumer. I think the bigger call out, though, and you saw it, was the wage inflation. And that's a piece that was benefiting our consumer, and that would be something that we would anticipate would be consistent throughout the year.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I appreciate the question, Pamela. I think when you think about our strategy in oral tobacco, it's to maximize profitability over the long term in the moist smokeless category with the strength of Copenhagen, while making responsible investments in on! for -- to continue to fund its growth. We believe, long term, we can achieve tobacco-like margins within the oral nicotine pouch category. But certainly, to your point, we're in the investment period now. And you saw the significant growth we saw year-over-year, almost doubling volume from a comparison first quarter-to-first quarter. And we've been trying to highlight all along, once we got past the manufacturing capacity constraint, that we wanted to invest to make sure it was in the consideration set of our consumers when they're making those choices for alternative products. What you'll see that we've started is really using our advanced analytics that we invested in to be more targeted with some of the promotions. But we're still in the investment period, and we'll remain in that for a period of time.
Billy Gifford: Yes, sure. Some of what you've seen is exactly what you highlighted, Pamela, which is as the discretionary income comes under pressure, whether that's through inflation or gas prices or even mobility, you'll see some trade down. I think if you think about the total cigarette consumer group, think about it as a bit of a barbell. There's a group of consumers that are at the bottom end of that, that are always buying the cheapest in the store. And so you see that occur. You saw the benefit in Marlboro that we experienced when discretionary income wasn't under so much pressure. But the way we think about it is we're a premium-focused company, and you see this, the rock-solid stability of Marlboro through time.
Billy Gifford: Yes. It's an interesting question. We don't disclose to that level, but we do see where wage inflation has -- and we try to highlight a couple of the categories, but where wage inflation has benefited to the back of consumer, and that's why we wanted to highlight that for you.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think the macroeconomic environment, to your point, is very dynamic. Certainly, we would expect wage inflation to at least be consistent throughout the year. In your hypothesis of it increasing, I guess, we'll see on how unemployment goes and how job openings respond to that. I think the other side, though, is the tailwind. You highlighted gas prices. We'll see where gas prices go through the remainder part of the year and where inflation trends. So I think it's very dynamic, and that's why we wanted to highlight some of the tailwinds and headwinds that we were seeing.
Billy Gifford: Yes. So when you think about the total nicotine, you've seen us highlight that a couple of times and really looking at how the consumer is moving around. And that's exactly why, Gaurav, we put the portfolio approach in place because FDA decisions in one category put consumers at play and force them to other categories. And so we believe in having the portfolio approach is important. And so you can take the e-vapor category, depending on the decisions made by the FDA, that's why we highlight that, that category could be in a bit of a transition for the next year to 18 months as decisions come out and some products make it through and some products do not. Those consumers for products that do not make it will be at play either for other e-vapor products or other categories that they have in their consideration set.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Bonnie. So I'll try to address it. There were multiple parts there, but I'll try to address it with the strategy we implemented. I think what you've seen with Marlboro and we highlighted for you is the rock-steady performance of Marlboro through time. I think when you think about the pricing and the promotions in the marketplace, we highlighted for you the way we're using advanced analytics and revenue growth management is what most companies call it, being able to get closer to the consumer and provide more -- if we're having promotions, provide it closer to the individual consumers. And so whether that's through retail trade programs, where we have multiple options for retail trade partners, to really have multiple solutions, store-level solutions versus more of a total geographic solution for consumers in the marketplace because, as you know, certain states, the consumers are under different economic health than other states, as well as the ability to have our manufacturer of invoice. And so our price realization, I would just remind you, is made up of 2 components. It's list price and it's the efficiencies that we're getting through our revenue growth management and our advanced analytics. So when you think about that in totality, you see the steadiness of Marlboro and the efficiencies coming through the promotional process. And so it's allowing us to be more targeted and efficient with the way we spend promotions.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think you see with the results through the first quarter. I think that was -- from a macroeconomic standpoint, it was a pretty tough quarter. And you've seen other industries be impacted by that, and we were able to navigate that very nicely. Again, I would just highlight, with the advanced analytics and the tools we have available to us, we can be much more precise. When you look at the 12-month decomposition we provide on volume, you can see from a price elasticity, it's holding firm from a standpoint of total price elasticity. You can really see it's just the macroeconomic factors that have switched around through time.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I appreciate it, Bonnie. And I know that you're looking for volume guidance that we don't provide. I think with this dynamic marketplace, the reason we give a range of guidance is we know that things are going to change for our consumer base. And we want to be able to provide the consumer what they need. And so that's why we put a range of guidance out there. Volume is one component, but there are multiple components that go into that guidance. So just to highlight one factor, I don't think is appropriate. It's really -- we feel comfortable reaffirming our guidance in the quarter. And it's really about keeping an eye on how the consumers bearing through this macroeconomic environment.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think it's tough to say. I think with some of the alternative products that are in the marketplace, certainly, if there were an outright ban using your hypothetical to menthol, the consumer for the menthol cigarettes will either go to the illegal market, as we highlighted under unintended consequences of an outright ban, or look to either non-menthol cigarettes or alternative products. So it's tough to say where that will go. I think if you look at some of the research, there's limited research on it, but some would say that they would convert to non-menthol cigarettes. I think the better point here, though, is if you step back, prohibition, at least through history, hasn't worked. The better approach is to have these alternative products and allow we know consumers want to move to alternative products that have the potential to reduce harm. That seems like that should be the focus and a better approach than an outright ban.
Billy Gifford: Yes. We'll have to wait to see what the proposal that comes out and how it approaches menthol. We would really look to, as we said, to support our vision and really look to move the consumer down the continuum of risk. And so -- that's the way we would approach it with the alternative products that are in the marketplace. But certainly, it's ultimately the consumer's choice.
Gaurav Jain: Sure. If I were to just say that wage inflation will likely accelerate as we go through this year, because of we can see weekly jobless data and everything and federal reserve is still behind the curve. So then -- should we then expect that cigarette volumes, which fell minus 6.5% in Q1, which are difficult comps, which are the gas price spike. So it should start moderating from here and improve as the year progresses.
Gaurav Jain: The net periodic benefit income, that line item, which I think is linked to your pension, interest and income and expense. So it has always been a tailwind to your P&L. And I thought that it would become a headwind as interest rate rise, but still there is a benefit that's happening. So how do…
Gaurav Jain: Just a quick question on the ABI stake, believe, Sal, like any updated thoughts on how you are thinking about it.
Sal Mancuso: That's a reflection of the strength -- I'm sorry to interrupt. That's a reflection of the strength of our funding of our pension plan and also some favorability in our overall performance in the pension plan, which, as you know, gets amortized over time. So you are correct in that, it has had a slight benefit to our P&L.
Sal Mancuso: Bonnie, I would just add one other point, which we highlighted in our opening remarks. I think the strength of Marlboro's performance within the premium category, where share of premium has grown as a reflection of the effectiveness of the programs and tools Billy just mentioned.
Sal Mancuso: Sure. So I'll take those questions in order. First, I guess the way I'd respond to your initial question is that it's critical for us that we continue to manage a strong balance sheet going forward. As you know, last year, in part of our capital allocation, we did do some tender refinancing of debt, which extended maturities of low interest debt. We're pleased with the results of that transaction. And part of the way we manage the balance sheet is we manage our debt towers going forward so that we're less impacted by market dynamics and we have the ability to have flexibility in how we treat maturing debt. So I'm not going to forecast out necessarily how we'll handle that debt that's coming to maturity. But of course, we will do the analysis and determine the best way to handle that, whether it's paid off with existing cash or think about refinancing as such. And the same answer goes for the euro debt that's coming through -- that's coming due. We'll do the analysis. You are correct in that it is a natural hedge against the ABI dividends that we receive. And we do have flexibility to think about being how we can be opportunistic across various markets, whether we're thinking about managing our balance sheet going forward or refinancing or managing debt as it comes due.
Sal Mancuso: There's really nothing new to say. We continue to perform the analysis related to our ABI stake. As we spoke about in our opening remarks, it's a financial investment. Our focus is on maximizing that investment for the long-term shareholder value. We continue to do the analysis, and there's nothing new to report on the asset itself.
