Marty Barrington: Thank you, Brendan, good morning. Altria delivered excellent financial results for the second quarter and first six month reflecting the strength of our diverse business model. Altria grew with adjusted, diluted EPS by 9.3% for the second quarter and 10.2% for the first six months of 2012, while its tobacco companies pursued initiatives to grow their premium brands for the long-term.  These brand building activities contributed to adjusted operating companies income and margin growth in both smokeable and smokeless product segments. Exceptionally strong gains from our investment in SABMiller and our financial services business complimented these results.  Innovation continues to contribute to the strong business results of our tobacco companies. Products introduced in recent years have enhanced their product portfolios supported adjusted operating companies income growth and contributed to retail share gains in cigarettes, cigars and smokeless tobacco for the second quarter and first half of 2012.  Our company continued to make progress on product development in the second quarter with activities related to Marlboro EIGHTY-THREES, Copenhagen Southern Blend and Black & Mild Summer Blend. In June Altria’s subsidiary Nu Mark introduced Verve discs into a lead market to begin to understand adult tobacco consumer acceptance of this product. In the smokeable product segment strong retail share performances benefitted cigarette and cigar shipment volumes. Philip Morris USA continue to invest behind Marlboro’s new brand architecture. The second quarter activities across its four brand families; red, gold, green and black. In April, our sales force began updating retail pictures to reflect the new Marlboro architecture and highlight the four brand families.  In June, PM USA introduced Marlboro EIGHTY-THREES Box in modern updated packaging. And PM USA continue to support Marlboro green and Marlboro black with promotional offers intended to generate trial by adult competitive smokers.  These activities contributed to Marlboro strong second quarter retail share performance. Marlboro second quarter retail hare increased three-tenth of a share point to 42.9%. Marlboro has a pipeline of brand building programs planned for the rest of 2012 and into 2013 across its brand families.  Marlboro’s retail share growth in the second quarter was complimented by gains for PM USA in the discount segment. Where L&M has regained some of the retail share lost by basic as that brand has increased its price and margins.  Black & Mild delivered strong retail share gains in the second quarter behind the growth of untipped cigarillo introduced in 2011. The brand also benefited from a new seasonal offering, Black & Mild Summer Blend which Middleton introduced during the second quarter. Smokeless product segment delivered strong adjusted operating companies income growth for the second quarter and first half of 2012. In the smokeless product segment USSTC aims to maximize the combined performance of Copenhagen and Skoal. These brands grew their combined retail share and volume for both periods. Copenhagen drove this growth as products introduced in recent years continue to gain share.  In May USSTC expanded distribution of Copenhagen Southern Blend into select geographies. Copenhagen Southern Blend delivers a mellow taste in a manageable [long cut form]. Skoal retail share decreased for the second quarter and first half of 2012 primarily due to share losses from SKUs we listed in the second quarter of 2011.  In the Wine segment, Ste. Michelle continue to focus on expanding distribution of its premium wines. Wine shipment volume grew for the second quarter and for six months. Higher shipment volume, improved premium mix and higher pricing contributed to strong adjusted operating company’s income growth for the second quarter and first half. Finally, Altria’s 2012 first half adjusted diluted EPS results exceeded our expectations. We are pleased with the solid first half performance of our tobacco businesses. Altria’s results also benefited from higher equity earnings from its investment in SABMiller and gains from asset sales at PMCC.  As a result of this strong first half performance, Altria revised its 2012 full-year guidance for adjusted diluted EPS from a range of $2.17 to $2.23 to a range of $2.19 to $2.23. This represents a growth rate of 7% and 9% from an adjusted diluted EPS base of $2.05 per share in 2011. We anticipate adjusted diluted EPS growth to moderate in the second half compared to the first half of 2012 with stronger adjusted diluted EPS growth expected in the fourth quarter compared to the third.  I’ll now turn things over to Howard Willard, who will discuss Altria’s business results in more detail. 
Marty Barrington: The answer we are comfortable with the mix. Remember Bonnie that more than 90% of PM USA shipment on premium and obviously our strategy is to focus on the premium end of the business. That said, there is a discount segment and we want to have an offering there. Our retailers in particular like for PM USA to have an offering there and there’s some business there. So, that’s L&M’s job. L&M really grew its share basically by picking up share that basic had shed as it increased its price and its margin. So, there is no shift in strategy there. I think L&M has done a nice job, certainly helped from a volume point of view. I don’t see any need to change the strategy with L&M at all. With respect to L&M’s promotional activity that varies a bit over time. It is a bit different in ‘12 than it is in ‘11 but again that depends sort of on how it's performing in the marketplace and we adjust most of our promotional allowances when the moment is right to do that.
Marty Barrington: Sure, we have spoken about this previously, and I think we pointed out that innovation is one of the ways that one grows and particular we know that in the tobacco business now that there is a group of adult tobacco smokers in particular who are looking for and are open to innovative products. Innovation cuts cost several sort of axis, if you will. You saw that we rolled out Marlboro EIGHTY-THREES and we got a new Copenhagen Blend, Black & Mild rolled out another blend. So, on the conventional side, I think we got good pipeline of products. We stay close to the adult tobacco consumer. We watch what their needs are, either articulated or unarticulated; do a lot of consumer research there. We try to make sure that we are offering products that they want and that for us are premium, of course.  We also, as you know rolled out. We have the exciting development with respect to different kind of product called Verve and Verve is a noncombustible product. It has nicotine and a flavor system and it’s a chewable disk and it’s really a very different kind of product. We put that product in about 60 stores in Virginia in June. This is part of our journey as we explore how adult tobacco consumers may migrate to products of that sort. That I would say is a learning experience. We want to get it in the hands of consumers. We build robust consumer research around that product. We want to learn whether they like it, they like its shape or its taste, for example, and the way to think about this Bonnie, I think is innovation is really an iterative process. It is not a great big (inaudible) one day that we find the next thing. It’s about putting out experiment, putting out test, developing products, asking consumers, getting their feedback and then continuing to develop the next generation.  With respect to your question about next-generation products, you made reference to PMI. I think it's probably worth pointing out that, as I think everyone knows, we do have an agreement with PMI as a result of the spin-off in which certain intellectual property is jointly owned and separated by market, and that we have agreements in place with respect to the commercialization of technologies that may come out of that.  I’d also point out though that in addition to PMI, PM USA has robust R&D and we were able to marry that with the really terrific R&D resources of the smokeless company we acquired. So, we are very proud of our research and development team. We believe we have got lots of opportunity to innovate there. So, innovation continues to be a focus area for us.
Marty Barrington: Look the way to think of Marlboro architecture is obviously it’s the way that we are going to continue to grow Marlboro over time as it has grown in the past. And that allows us now across these four brand families to have a variety of initiatives, product, programmatic, retail executions and you see some of that playing out obviously in the second quarter. The sales force in April as we referenced went out and reset at retail so that when the consumer comes to point-of-sale, the four brand families are reinforced for the consumer there, and it makes it easier actually from an SKU point of view to see them. You saw Marlboro EIGHTY-THREES Box being rolled out to bring news to the Red franchise. We have promotional plans in place to generate trial from adult competitive smokers on Marlboro Black. So, those are but some examples, Nik, the way I think that we think about putting the architecture together in a way that it comes alive for the Marlboro consumer and it allows it to continue to grow as it would like. With respect to the Marlboro share incentives, as you know those are retail trade programs that evolve over time. There is a share growth component there. I don't think that we have noticed anything unusual at inventory as a result of the program.
Marty Barrington: Well, I think Howard made reference to this in his remarks. Just to maybe start one level up from that. For PM USA it’s true, of course, that there are changes in inventory levels quarter-to-quarter or intra-quarter even, but for PM USA that actually tends to kind of wash itself out over the course of the year. I think that what Howard pointed out in his remarks is the trade inventory increased in the second quarter of ‘12 compared to the second quarter of ‘11 which did benefit PM USA’s volume performance a bit. Then you had a build in second quarter and then those inventories were reduced after PM USA’s announcement of its price increase on June 18. We saw some of that reduction continue a bit into July. I think that’s a fair description of the situation at wholesale right now.
Marty Barrington: No, we haven’t seen that. Of course, the price increase just went on June 18 and then we price protected in our MLP stores through June 30, but no we haven’t observed that.
Marty Barrington: Sure, remember the strategy is to grow Copenhagen and Skoal together. So, if you look at the numbers really since the acquisition and over time, USSTC has done a great job with that. Skoal has a tough challenge, doesn’t it, because it has to compete not only with other competitive brands but also with Copenhagen and Copenhagen has really been growing. Copenhagen wants to grow a lot. They have got some of the product offerings that it needed to compete more effectively. And so the combined share growth is spot on target for our strategy, and so we are pleased with that. We have said I think previously, Vivien that those brands will move at different speeds. One will move faster at one time than another. So, as long as the combined retail share growth goes, that’s our strategy because we want to grow income by growing volume in this growing category. But there is work to do on Skoal. We have got it's positioning I think better. And now, we are really seeing if we can get Skoal’s growth accelerated, but together as long as they grow, we are pretty okay with that.
Marty Barrington: No. I think that the strategy remains constant. The strategy for PM USA is to maximize income while maintaining modest share momentum on Marlboro, and I think that's exactly what you see playing out. Here is what I’d say about understanding kind of the pricing environment. First of all, smokeable adjusted operating company income grew and its margin grew, so it’s not as if it’s gone the wrong direction. One can argue about the relative growth but it continues to grow and its margin grew. I think the other thing to point out is pricing obviously as you well know occurs in a context, in the economic context in which that business currently competes is, we are in the middle of a really anemic recovery from the greatest recession in decades, and consumers are under pressure and pricing for most consumer packaged goods in this category is no exception have been more restrained than in previous periods of economic health.  Then the final thing I guess I might say just on PM USA is, it’s time of investment in Marlboro and the reason we do that is Marlboro is the long-term engine of PM USA’s premium growth and the way it grows its margin and the way it contributes to income. So, I think if you put all those factors together and remembering pricing is obviously important in the cigarettes segment, everybody recognizes that, but it’s not the only way for PM USA to contribute to income growth. It can moderate its promotional plans. It can reduce its cost structure. It can become more efficient about the way it delivers products to the marketplace and they have been very attentive to all of that.  Then of course at the Altria level, we have other income contributors. We got a growing Smokeless business and we got a great wine business and so forth. So, that’s kind of how we think about it David, which is putting all of those factors together. You point out that pricing has slowed a bit on that one axis, but really overall, I think we are pretty okay with how we are doing on income.
Marty Barrington: I think that it's hard to measure is the honest answer. You have a secular decline rate that's made up of a number of factors including people smoking fewer cigarettes per day or switching to smokeless products. Actually I think in that group are people who have gravitated to these kinds of products whether it's roll your own or pipe your own, and so it's a bit hard to measure. Obviously for PM USA’s business which focuses on premium, I don’t think there is I believe that it's going be a significant contributing factor. Some folks who are using those machines now will gravitate to other low cost forms of using tobacco, some of it maybe cigarettes, but some of it maybe something else. So, we will see it's a good development of course that everybody who is manufacturing cigarette is playing by the same rules. I just don’t think at this moment, we see it having a significant impact on volume.
Marty Barrington: Well, I guess I would just refer you back to PM USA strategy which is to maximize income while maintaining modest share momentum on Marlboro. And we will just have to see how that plays out over time.
Marty Barrington: There’s a number of metrics we follow around Marlboro, of course, but when you put them all together I think we feel quite confident that Marlboro’s health is good and that the investments we are making are wise. It has a great brand equity. It has high share. It commands premium pricing. Its price gaps have been stable throughout this terrible economic period. In fact if you look back from the period 2007 to 2011, it both grew share and improved its margin. And we know, listen this is how Marlboro has grown, right. If you go back to Marlboro in 1954 with Red or when Menthol was launched in 60s, or Gold in 70s, we know that Marlboro has that kind of equity. It’s that kind of a big brand. And when you invest in it and it's got all these benefits, we know that consumers will choose Marlboro. So we have a lot of experience about both investing in and measuring the power of those investments in Marlboro. We have every reason to think that’s the case today.
Marty Barrington: Well, I think that you pointed out that the comparison is probably the principal reason for that. Listen, the businesses are performing extremely well. We're very pleased. The execution of our plans is going fine, but as we pointed out in the release, capital of course, adjusted OCI was up 56% for the quarter and 96% for the half. As you know, Judy, those are transactional kinds of contributions from the leasing business. But that's likely to moderate. SAB, which is doing a wonderful job, was up nearly 25%. And it does great, but it hasn't performed historically at that level. So we just think that when you do that and compare it to the first half, it's likely to moderate a bit in the second. I think that's the way to think about that.
Marty Barrington: Well, as you know, over time the decline rate has been a function of both secular decline rate and then some decline when prices go up with historical elasticity of about minus 0.3. Actually that's been constant for some time. We don't see much change in that in the current environment.
Marty Barrington: I think it’s probably as I described it just a couple of moments ago. We focus on growing Copenhagen and Skoal together. The brand is at different places in the marketplace. They have different propositions. Copenhagen has really had very, very strong growth. Skoal has to compete with that growth as well as compete against its competitors in the marketplace. We’re making progress on Skoal, I think. And as long as the retail shares are growing together and we’re participating in the industry volume growth, we’re able to grow our income in accordance with our plans. And we have brand managers for Copenhagen and we have brand managers for Skoal and they are both trying to outcompete the other as well as the competition and we think that's the right way to attack that category.
Marty Barrington: Well, I think on an adjusted basis we think that it did grow in line with the industry. Our strategy is to grow in line with the industry rate or a little bit better than that. And you're correct to point out that if you take a bigger piece of the share that does help grow your volume there, but we're, I think, well on the way to doing that and I think the numbers in the quarter reflect that.
Marty Barrington: Well, as you know, we don't back out that way, but I guess I’ll just return to what I said before which is Marlboro's health is really very good. It’s up three-tenths versus a year ago, up two-tenths for the half. We have our new Marlboro architecture that’s being put in place. We have some new products that are in the marketplace. I think we’re really pleased with how Marlboro is performing, Ann.
Marty Barrington: I think I would just rely on the remarks we made before Chris, that it's going to moderate a bit in the back half compared to the first half for the reasons I articulated.
Marty Barrington: Well, look the promotional levels on these SKUs obviously are very carefully monitored over time, and special blends, of course, have a different role to play than Black. So it's worth just taking a second to make sure that's clear. And special blends, obviously, their role is to offer SKUs at price points for some of the more promotion sensitive smokers that are in the franchise. I think we've spoken before about 90% of Marlboro smokers choose the brand 100% of the time. But that leaves you 10% or so liking other competitive franchises that are more promotion sensitive. Special blend is a way to keep them in the franchise. All the while we manage our margin at the Marlboro level and they’ve been very effective in that regard. But, of course, you don't want to offer more promotion than is needed and so we’re able to moderate those or change those as circumstances warrant. Marlboro Black on the other hand, it's a new product offering and so what we're trying to do is to generate trial among adult competitive smokers. And given the marketing restrictions in the industry, you have to do that principally at point of sale and you do that with some promotional offers and that’s been the role of promotions for Marlboro Black. And as soon as we get some trial there that meets our goals, obviously it’s the same issue which is if you don’t have to spend more promotional money there than needed then you are able to back it off. And I think that’s been what we’ve observed both with respect to special blend and Marlboro Black.
Marty Barrington: Well, I think it’s fair to say that the industry’s been competitive. It is competitive. It is likely to be competitive. And we don’t see a big significant change, one way or the other, in that and PM USA’s plans take that into account.
Marty Barrington: Yeah. There is a couple of things in your question maybe we should separate out just to be clear. There was a major filing of so called substantial equivalents application some time ago, which was the principal filing. And what we've observed is that FDA is pretty methodically working through those. There were a lot of them that were filed at the agency and it's worth remembering that the agency obviously is in its first kind of couple of three years of staffing up and putting processes and procedure in. It's a pretty deliberate agency anyway and so they have some work to do in that regards. So, that's actually been, I think pretty much what we expected which was they would work their way through that. After that date of course, they introduced regulated products into the marketplace. You do have to file applications for substantial equivalents and the products can't be launched, cannot be launched, until approval. I think most majors have applications that are pending there. I think that's just more of the same. They are trying to work through their structure and process about our approval. I would distinguish that from the last part of your question which was modified risk products. For example more conventional products. There the agency is really just building out its science and policy base about how they are going to think about that. And as you know they have conducted several hearings, and if you're interested in what we have to say about that we have them on our website. But I would distinguish that situation, which is likely to take place over some period of time. They have to get the science right before they are going to permit claims and that's what they are working through right now on that.
Marty Barrington: While we planned for what was coming, I think, and so everyone would like their regulator to move promptly on matters. But we have found actually FDA to be pretty okay about how it's going about its work. And I'm sure that the speed will improve as they staff up over time.
Howard Willard: Yeah, I think, there is nothing really out of the ordinary on our cost this year. We are tracking the drought’s impact on tobacco growers and there is -- I would say there is some modest impact today although they’ve recently gotten some rains in some key areas. So while that’s on our watch list, we don’t see any unusual impact at least today.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think we've been in low interest rate environment for some time now, although as you accurately point out they've continued to head further south. And I think we're pursuing the strategy we have over the last couple of years, both in our pension plan and with our focus on seeking to reduce our effective interest rate. And as you know, we've done that by allowing some of our high interest debt to mature and then we've been going into the market periodically and getting quite advantageous rates. And I think that the latest low rates just indicate that that opportunity is likely to be with us for some time.
Howard Willard: Yeah, on CapEx, I would say that there is nothing unusual going on there. We forecast our capital expenditures at the beginning of each year. But then as we put together more detailed plans we scrutinize those capital expenditures more carefully and if there is an alternative way to achieve the result or if we can drive some incremental efficiencies, we seek to do that. And so as we pointed out, we’ve now taken our capital expenditure forecast for the year from $150 million down to somewhere between $100 million and $125 million and we think that that's plenty in order to maintain the infrastructure we need in each of our businesses.
