Vivien Azer: So thank you so much for the additional disclosure. Maybe I can start there. While we don't have a time series, I suspect part of the 40 basis point gain that we saw for deep discount is, of course, coming from some of the disruption that we're seeing in California and Pennsylvania. But if Nielsen is any guide, and some of the other public company competitor disclosures is a guide as well that deep discount has been gaining share already prior to what's happening in California and Pennsylvania. And if that's the case then Marty, I was just hoping to get your thoughts on why you think we're seeing that dynamic. Thanks.
Vivien Azer: That's helpful. Thank you. Just as a follow up to that then, seemingly then we're talking about a distinct segment of the total smoker population. So Marty, can you offer any comments on kind of the health of the smoking population broadly from an economic standpoint? And then specifically perhaps that lower-end smoker? Thanks.
Vivien Azer: Thanks. On IQOS and the dialog that you're engaging with at the state level, if my understanding is correct, the consumables will be subject to the MSA, subject to the FET and selectively subject to state excise taxes. Can you give us a sense of what proportion of states or U.S. volumes would, in theory, tax IQOS as a cigarette absent any change in the statute? Thanks.
Vivien Azer: Got it. Thanks. And then my other question is on minimum age increases. I know California is probably a little bit hard to read because of the overlap with the state excise tax. And while Hawaii is small, it's really our only kind of clear example. And given that there looks to be some movement in New Jersey and possibly Oregon on that front, is there anything that you can offer in terms of your insights around how raising the minimum purchase age in Hawaii impacted the market? Thanks.
William F. Gifford: Yes. Vivien, basically with discount, and as Marty mentioned, it's a discount phenomena, tends to be consolidated through the middle of the country and down into the Southeast, and it really is trading within that discount category. I would say L&M, our discount brand, is well represented in that category and is doing exactly what we want, which is grow share while not growing the overall discount category.
William F. Gifford: Yes. Thanks for that question, Adam. I wouldn't read anything into any particular action. We really monitor the marketplace. We have a disciplined approach to share repurchases, and it really is dependent on market conditions that we see in the marketplace on the rate that we're going to buy shares back. I think you – if you put it in context as a whole and you go back to when we began share repurchases in 2011, you can see it's been a great investment of our excess cash.
William F. Gifford: Yes, Chris, and in regards to elasticity, what we see in the marketplace, looking at other states that have had large increases, as you see it dip down, there is consumer reaction just following a CT increase. There's a bit of trade-down that takes place as they digest that price increase in the marketplace, and then we see it return to normal elasticity through time once they've digested it and feel comfortable with where cigarettes are priced. So through time it is the negative 0.3 elasticity that we see through time.
William F. Gifford: Yes. Chris, when we look at other states, we see that improvement take place. It's just it's hard to predict exactly how long it's going to take based on the level of the increase for the consumer to get comfortable with cigarette prices again.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, sure. Overall, Vivien, I would say that we continue to have a largely constructed view of the economic situation of our consumer. Unemployment's down, housing is up, wage gains are starting to come through. All the stuff that we talk about all the time, so I won't repeat that. That looks to us to be pretty stable. Gas prices are up a little bit, but not remarkably so in a way that affects our business. I think what you may be getting at though that there is a segment of consumers in our category who will go into the store and ask the clerk for the lowest-priced brand, and they may be picking up some share there but again, it appears to be coming out of perhaps the branded discount segment without certainly no effect on our brands, so we don't see it in premium, generally. I hope that's helpful.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Yes, thanks for calling. We do not see that. I think it's basically a function of price, Adam.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, I think I understand the question, thank you. That's why we do a range. And I think the range is sufficiently broad that, look, if you could predict your EPS with perfect prescience, you would put out a number, but you can't of course because of dynamics, again, you see it again this year as well. So we try to have the range to be broad enough to cover all that. We put our best thinking into what we can do within the range and that does include what we expect out of our beer investment. So the answer is yes, it's all in the guidance and we think the range is sufficiently broad to cover it.
Martin J. Barrington: No. No, I don't think so. I think we were thoughtful about putting the guidance together at the first of the year and I think that we are comfortable with the guidance range we have at this point in time.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. Let me try to tackle those. I think that you know what the strategy is. We're trying to maximize income in the segment, and that's a balance between that and making sure we have momentum on the key brands including Marlboro. So the share on Marlboro is down primarily because of the California effect. But other metrics on Marlboro continue to be strong. Its equity is great. As you can see, we've got very good pricing through the first half, Michael. The demographics have stabilized since Marlboro architecture. We just have a massive increase in California. We over-index in California, and so I think that explains that. The competitive environment I think we would describe as, it's always competitive. It may be useful for a couple of comments on that. One is if you think of competitive activity as occurring within say a band, it looks to us like the competitive activity remains within the band although perhaps a bit on the high side of the band. We have some promotional launches and some promotional activity from other competitors but we monitor that carefully, as you know. And what we basically do is we adjust as we need to adjust. So I think it's pretty steady as she goes and we're very happy. When you look at the income performance in the smokeable segment at more than 7% for the first half, despite the California increase, I think that they're doing a great job over there in line with their strategy.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes. Well, look, we're preparing to be ready on the nominal timelines that the FDA has said with respect to approving those applications. Your question correctly implies of course that's not completely within our control and it could take longer than that. That's why we're investing in with discipline. We're trying not to over-spend on the front end but we will certainly make the appropriate investments once we know we're go. So the way we look at it is we're going to be ready at the earliest moment to proceed expeditiously. If it turns out to be longer, we have contingency plans in place to do that. It's just not within our control, so we try not to fret too much about that, we just try to be ready when we can go.
Martin J. Barrington: I'll take the second one first, and then I'll ask Billy to comment on the elasticity question, Chris. We have not observed that in our category at c-store. We've been reading carefully the reports. We've seen others comment on that, but at least with respect to our category, we have not seen that yet.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, you see that on almost all the metrics the business bounced back terrifically in the second quarter, it's just that when you're out of the market and you lose your share, it just takes longer to gain the share back. And so I think we said at the first quarter call that we expected to gain that back over the course of the year and we were trying to point out the gain that we made in the second quarter of I think 0.6 sequentially. So I think we'll get it back over the course of the year, but it doesn't bounce back immediately.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, I'll speak to the inventory movements. I won't speak to guidance on volume, particularly around numbers because you know we don't do that, but you're right to point out the factors. We do have some trade inventory as we point out in the metrics report that built in the second quarter. And as you know, Judy, it all kind of normalizes over the course of the year, and so in the back half, that'll pay itself back, I'm sure. I know you remember we have one fewer shipping day in the third quarter and then we have to work our way through this effect that Billy was just discussing with Chris about the volume declines that are resulting from the cigarette excise tax increase. So those are all the dynamics, but we have not put out a number about third-quarter volume.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes. Let me share with you some of the macro data that we have, just to get everybody oriented. In 2016 we estimated that the spend in the category was about $2.5 billion; that was flat to 2015. But we have seen a pick-up both in volume and in dollar sales in 2017. So I don't know, maybe 8% on volume year-over-year. And then there's been some price mix as you know. A lot of that is driven by MarkTen, which has really gotten traction with the consumer and we put out some share numbers on that today. The other phenomenon that's happening in the category as I know you know, is there's poly use. So adult tobacco consumers do shift between segments of the tobacco category, and I think that what you're seeing as vapor moves up and down, and maybe even MST, is you see people moving among and between those categories. I think those are all factors that go into the growth rate for vapor and then of course, when there's new technologies that are put in the market, we find high trial and that drives some of the growth.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah. We have an engagement plan that we're talking to public policy officials, to state tax officials and others, and I am encouraged that there is, I think a more broad acknowledgement among public policy people these days that harm reduction is the way forward and that tax policy will be an important component of that. It makes good sense to try to encourage people to migrate to products that may hold out less harm. We are particularly pitching that in the states, but as you know, state excise tax structures are highly complex and idiosyncratic by state, so the reception varies from state to state. But we are out there sharing our views about that and trying as best we can to persuade people to be thoughtful about that.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. We have noticed that some people have commented on that, so I'm glad to have a chance to talk about the replenishment. Actually, I think it's going pretty well. If we look at – I don't know, we went back and looked at some data through June and with a small exception of maybe, I don't know, call it two, three or four SKUs, all of the orders were being completely fulfilled. So that's a pretty quick snap back from a recall and a transition from a two-factory environment to a one-factory environment. I'd like to take the occasion to congratulate the UST team on such a good job. There was a brief hiatus during the July 4 holiday. Our people have been working very hard in the factory and we gave them an appropriate July 4 holiday. And there was a short period there where a few more SKUs were not available and we had to limit some orders. But on the whole, the vast majority of the SKUs are at full fulfillment, and as you can see from the numbers in the second quarter by the smokeless team, I think they've done a very good job. So our view is that we're pretty much back in business in the smokeless business. We have not seen any pantry loading that I'm aware of.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, there's a group of people that are trying to take decisions away from other adults and we oppose that. And we thought that was very bad public policy. You know our position on menthol because we've articulated it extremely thoroughly at the FDA, and as a matter of first instance, if there's going to be anything done on menthol, it ought to be done by the agency that has the expertise to assess whether the science and the evidence supports it. In our view, and the view of many others who weighed in on the FDA, is that there is not. For San Francisco to try to create its own set of rules out there doesn't seem to be good public policy to us, but this happens. Local jurisdictions have views about tobacco issues and while we fight them, they go ahead and reimplement them. Obviously it's a tiny fraction of the volume.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, I don't want to talk about forward pricing as you can appreciate, and I think that the dynamics are well understood, Matt, about what we have out there. I tried to articulate them in terms of the inventory, but I'm not going to talk about forward pricing of course.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, there are other jurisdictions that have implemented it. And my guess, what I would say is that while we continue to think we have strong arguments, it's fair to observe that we have not been able to block them in other jurisdictions. It always depends a bit on state law and other factors, but we'd like to have public policy defer to the experts but they often don't and sometimes the courts are reluctant to interfere with that. So it can be uphill.
Martin J. Barrington: I hope so. It's in the ag bill as you know and I thought that the – we were happy to get it past the committee and that predicate date really needs to be changed. I think there is widespread understanding that the predicate date issue should be changed. It's a very, very complex environment in Washington, to state the obvious, and so we'll have to see where it goes in the budget. But I think that there is a lot of support for that amendment and we continue to work that very, very hard.
Martin J. Barrington: Right. Well, thanks for your question. I appreciate you calling in. As you might expect, I've been spending my time this morning thinking about this call, so I didn't have a lot of time to review the BAT material. I did see the headline statement apparently that they're going to pursue an FDA application for glo. Our plans assume the following which is, because the application is in by PMI in the United States and we're working that we expect to have first mover advantage. But our plans also assume in our category that we will have competition, so I think both scenarios are covered.
Martin J. Barrington: It's too small, and it's so idiosyncratic because it's an island that it's just hard to extrapolate from it. I think we had said previously when we studied California that we had not seen any significant effects there and obviously we'll be monitoring New Jersey very carefully.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, the integration is well underway. I think that we're doing very well against the plan we have. We're working on the branding strategies now. Obviously getting our arms around the factory and we'll have more news on Nat Sherman in the back half of the year, but we're very pleased with how it's gone so far, Michael.
