Sal Mancuso: Pamela, first, good morning, and I'll start the answer. So this is very typical of us to narrow guidance as the year plays out, and we're through three quarters, and we were happy to provide more transparency in narrowing our guidance to 1.5% to 3% growth off of last year's adjusted EPS. We feel really good about the guidance we've been able to provide. Of course, across the plan, there's always puts and takes. We feel that we have enough levers to deal with any changes in the marketplace, but we feel good about the narrowing of the guidance. And I think that's, as I said, pretty typical of how we manage guidance as the year progresses.
Sal Mancuso: Bonnie, I'll also remind you that when we restated guidance upon the NJOY deal, there is amortization. It's a non-cash expense drag on the year-over-year comparison.
Sal Mancuso: Hey, Owen. This is Sal. And I would also point out, not only is it flavors in this illicit disposable category, flavors are really not in line with regulations. They're flavors like bubblicious cotton candy. I mean, they -- I agree with Billy the need for enforcement is very important, and we need it to happen. We'd like it to happen as soon as possible.
Sal Mancuso: Yeah. As you think about debt coming due in maturities, we've done a really nice job, I believe, the treasury department in managing our debt portfolio and the maturity towers. So they do a fantastic job of monitoring the market. I think we have flexibility on how we handle that. And so I really have nothing else to report at this time regarding our maturities early next year.
Sal Mancuso: Yeah. We provide a guidance or an estimate on our depreciation and amortization. It's about $280 million for the year. You are right to point out that there are higher levels of interest rates in the capital -- in the debt market. But again, we believe we have appropriate flexibility as we think about refinancing or paying down debt in the future. We've also provided our debt to EBITDA corporate goals, if you will, our targets, and it could fluctuate a little bit over time depending on corporate needs and things like that. So we've dealt with high interest markets in the past. They are higher than what we've seen in recent past, but in the recent past. But again, we have strong cash generation by our operating companies and we have really good flexibility as we think about managing our maturities.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. Pamela, as you know, we don't provide look forward guidance. But I think when you think about volume, and it's important to look at the e-comp [ph], we tried to highlight for you that, look, our consumer is still under macroeconomic pressure both the cumulative impact of inflation, but even gas prices moving around. But more importantly, what we're seeing is an influence of the illicit vapor and the impact it's having on the cigarette industry. And you see that we're estimating that to be about 1.5 to 2.5. The reason that's such a broad range is the nature of the illicit product. It's going through distribution channels that we feel like we have some information gaps and we're going to be looking to fill those information gaps. But we wanted to highlight that to that as we discovered it. What we did is we used the data sources we had, and we're able to triangulate it. I would point you to our quarterly metrics that we shared, and you see the significant jump up in adult vapors just over the nine months thus far in 2023. So we think that's having an impact consider out buying too. We talked about some of the enforcement activities, some of the things the FDA could do, some of the things we're doing. And we would look to get that enforcement active in the marketplace.
Billy Gifford: We believe, we can grow NJOY brand. Remember, it competes and our focus is in the pod base. The FDA still needs to get through its authorizations and we believe that is going to cause transition in the marketplace as well. I tried to step you through the plan with NJOY as we progress through what we did in the third quarter as we progress through the fourth quarter, but I'll just highlight it. We really wanted to make sure we had the foundation built. And so the focus was on making sure that the supply chain would support the increased line, and we feel good about that. We wanted to fill the inventory gaps and improve visibility in the stores that NJOY was already present, and we've made significant progress on that. Then we're going to expand to 70,000 stores by the end of the year, really with some disruption at retail, we feel like the visibility will continue to improve. But we're in the midst of selling in our trade program, which we think is a sustainable position on the retail fixture at retail. That will take place as we progress into the New Year. And I highlighted the equity campaign is really establishing the brand equity for NJOY and being able to unveil that as we progress into the New Year for the consumer.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. I appreciate your question, Bonnie. I think this is very typical as we progress through the year. We are able to narrow guidance. That's what we did. I think when you think about the enterprise goals of mid single digit growth, that's really on a compounded annual basis, and we suggested when we did that. We were going to invest in the businesses as we felt that we need to invest, and that's exactly what we're doing. So as we progress through the year, certainly, the enforcement I referred to earlier, as that steps up, that should affect multiple categories in the -- in our portfolio. And so I think it's very typical as we progress through the year to be able to narrow it. We brought up the bottom and brought down the top. So that's what we imprinted to you.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Certainly, you saw the overall industry volume at an increased rate of decline, and we tried to highlight that in the decomposition and the impact that the illicit e-vapor was having on the cigarette category. I think when you think about it, look, we're very pleased that margins overall would step up. I wouldn't get hung up in eight quarters price realization. We really think about it through time. So we highlighted as we progressed into the year, that there are a couple of pockets that we needed to invest in. I think you see the benefit of those investments with Marlboro share. And so -- but again, I wouldn't get hung up on any particular quarter, we tend to look at it over a bit longer term than just quarter-to-quarter. And so that's the way we manage the business. I think when you think about the cost, as you have fluctuations again in a quarter as you have fluctuations in volume, that's going to gyrate that controllable cost per pack.
Billy Gifford: Okay. Yeah. I'll be careful not to talk about future pricing. But I think when you think about it, again, I would give this an advice that I gave to Bonnie is I wouldn't get hung up on one price increase that took place. We really look at the factors that go into pricing and we've mentioned those before. But I think you see with the stability of Marlboro share in the marketplace. We feel good about the strength of the brand, and we have been able to take those price increases. I would remind you that price elasticity for the industry is a negative 0.35 coefficient factor. We haven't seen anything that would determine that that would need to move, and we feel good about that. So I think when you think about pricing, again, typically, we look at it as price realization versus specific list price. And remember, our price realization is made up of two pieces. One is list price that you saw us take and the other is promotional spend in the marketplace, and that can drive it one way or the other on any given quarter and then through time.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. Certainly, the legal system will be the legal system. So it's hard to predict how that will transpire. I think there, what we're looking for is an injunction. These products are illegal. And with the lack of enforcement that's taken place by the FDA, we felt like we needed to take action. And so we did that with litigation, and we've done that in other ways with communications to the FDA, meeting with government officials to really show the intolerable nature of what's taking place in the marketplace. Again, you heard it in my remarks, but regulation without enforcement is truly indistinguishable from any -- from having no regulation. If you don't enforce it, it's basically words on paper. So we want to protect harm reduction and the opportunity for the 30 million smokers in the US. So we really need to have enforcement where the smokers can make informed choices as they are moving across categories. I think that there's an underlying positive is that we see adult smokers moving over. So they're ready to have potentially reduced harm products. We just need them to be regulated and based on science to be in the marketplace.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. We're certainly pleased with the Marlboro Black Gold launch. We're certainly pleased with the utilization that the [indiscernible] has put on Marlboro Black and use in the marketplace to give consumers that are under economic strain, a place to stay with Marlboro because that's what the consumer wants. I think when you think about overall, Marlboro Black, it represents about 10% of the Marlboro franchise. It's very similar as far as being used as a tool, you'll recall this, Vivien, back when we use special blend and the other downturn that we saw in 2008, 2009. And so when you think about it, it's being able to utilize a tool, we're very pleased with the rounding out of the portfolio in Marlboro Black with Mobile Black Gold and very pleased with the results we're seeing in the marketplace.
Billy Gifford: I think it really highlights the illicit activity that takes place in California. You'll recall previously, so some of it was cross-border, but as the illicit activity takes place in California, whether that be menthol cards that we highlighted last time, or even menthol -- menthol cigarettes, finding their way into the state of California. Again, it's another example where probation doesn't work. You don't have enforcement and that illegal activities take place to get the consumer what they're desiring and that's what we're seeing take place in California.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. It's a good question, Owen. I'm very optimistic. I mean if you think about it, I can think of four simple steps that the FDA could take to really rain and improve the enforcement. One, they could help the trade, be able to identify products that out of compliance. When you think about that, that's just providing a list that's clear, either the ones that are authorized or those that have been denied so that they're not in the marketplace. Once they do that conduct a broad-based retail inspection program. They did that in the cigarette category. They can do that in the e-vapor space. And once they do that, issue maximum penalties and then bring in junction actions against manufacturers and distributors that are openly define FDA regulation. And then I think adopting comprehensive border programs to prevent importation. A lot of these products are imported, they're imported illegally, and then they're sold illegally. So they seem to be very, very simple. That's why I'm optimistic that the FDA will take action and be able to work to bring order to the retail environment.
Billy Gifford: They have the tools in the authority now for illegal products in the marketplace. So certainly, we would be open to statutory changes. But I mean, when you think about it, they have the ability to do that now, Owen. So it seems like -- and I highlighted those four simple steps. They have the tools and they have the authority to do it today.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. What we tried to do, the reason we went with the vapors as we had previously didn't share the volume is the nature of this illicit marketplace. It's hard to track that's the nature of it being illicit. It's going through different distribution channels than what typical products go through because it's illegally getting to the marketplace. I think when you think about the impact of the cigarette volume, what we tried to do on the decomp is show you that we estimate it to be between 1.5 to 2.5 over the last 12 months. So we tried to provide you with that data. Again, as I mentioned earlier, I know that's a bit of a wide range. We're trying to fill what we feel like there are some data gaps so that we have a better read of what's taking place in the marketplace through distribution channels that is different than typical products.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. It's -- again, it's tough just because of the nature, all of the growth. We feel like most of the growth that occurred in the e-vapor space. What we saw was pod industry was down slightly. Overall, e-vapor was up, and that growth was coming from the illicit disposables that are in the marketplace.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. Again, with the inability to be able to estimate the total market space because of the illicit product in the marketplace, we didn't want to put an overall growth. We have an estimate, but we don't want to put an overall growth.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. It's a great question. I think when you think about it, certainly, the youth that using the e-vapor, we want them completely out of the category, just to be clear on that. I think when you think about the adults that are moving over, we would want them to stay on reduced risk products. That's why we're excited about the NJOY product and being able to have the distribution and have it readily available for them, it's authorized and have it readily available for them to choose. I think if you look historically, you'll recall when the FDA eliminated flavors and pods, we did see some consumers go back to cigarettes. And so that's best estimate, but it's ultimately up to the consumer, and we'll do our best to keep them in e-vapor space with the NJOY product.
Billy Gifford: We do not. We have the target of 70,000 stores by the end of the year. We feel good about getting into those stores. Certainly, we would appreciate FDA enforcement more so for the -- being able to protect the harm reduction opportunity in the US. But no, we will move forward with our distribution plans as we laid out.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. I understand your question, Gaurav. I think when we look at the information, certainly, we're having some impact, and we've tried to highlight that from a sourcing perspective with novel oral products. What we highlighted for disposable is what we feel is what's taken place from the disposables. So that's separate and distinct from novel oral. So we feel like what we've estimated that 1.5 to 2.5, and I explained why it's a range. is really the impact of disposable e-cigarettes on cigarettes.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. I understand the theory that you have regarding that. I think when you look at the science, you look at the trends and you look at the fact they've even what's taken place to date related to GLP-1 drugs we see no indication of that. We'll certainly continue to monitor, but we don't see any indication.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. I think you saw that -- it went to the OMB, the Office of Management Budget on October 13, it sits with them. The FDA has announced publicly that they anticipate issuing that by the end of the year, but I think it remains to be seen when that will be issued. So from that standpoint, really you've seen our comments on menthol. We don't think it's based on -- or supported by science and evidence. And so if it's issued, I think you could anticipate potential legal challenges from the industry.
Billy Gifford: We believe there is. I think when you think about it, I wouldn't rule up menthol. We feel good about the application, the current application in front of the FDA from a menthol standpoint. I think if you look at some of the recent marketing denial orders, it was related to new following. And as we pointed out when we made the NJOY transaction, there was virtually no use following. As far as additional flavors, we're excited and currently looking forward to being able to file in the near future, and we'll come back to you when we are able to do that of additional flavors with access control. We believe that allows for adult consumers to have it as an off-ramp, but not an on ramp for underage users. So we still see the potential for flavors. But to answer your question, we feel like the consumer wants alternative products. We followed that previously, and they'll continue to want that.
Billy Gifford: That certainly is the biggest outflow or inflow into nicotine pouches is coming from traditional MST consumers. Our plans there, and we highlighted them is participate with on!. And then we're excited to be able to file the PMTA for on! PLUS. And we highlighted while it's early, some of the consumer engagement that we're having over in Sweden, and we feel like that's a great product, and we're looking forward to be able to bring that to market once we receive authorization.
Vivien Azer: So I wanted to talk about your smokeless margins, just to start very healthy margin improvement. I was wondering if you could just dimensionalize the magnitude of the benefit that you guys saw from the reduction in promo spend on versus kind of the normalized operating leverage that you get from pricing on MSP? Thanks.
Vivien Azer: Okay. Understood. And then on Marlboro market share, healthy 30 basis point improvement sequentially is the Premium segment held fair which is certainly good to see given the continued macro pressures you guys have called out on the consumer. I was wondering if you could comment at all on kind of the impact that Marlboro Black Gold had on that potential improvement. Thanks.
Vivien Azer: Sure. That's great. Thanks for that. I'll just squeeze in one last one, if you don't mind. On the last slide of the presentation, you guys highlighted the Nevada menthol share, which did fall off sequentially in the third quarter. Can you offer any color on why you think that is? Thanks.
