Billy Gifford: Yes. Great question Michael and thank you for the question. I think, when you look at historically and you can look back whether it's the 2001 recession or the 2008, 2009 recession, what you really saw was pressure on down-trading. And I think, when you look at 2008, 2009, you see we have the right tools to navigate that type of environment. It really is about having the financial flexibility and some more data on where -- how much pressure the consumer is going to be under and how long. And we wanted that flexibility to be able to respond when appropriate to what we're seeing in the marketplace.
Billy Gifford: Yes. So related to on!, we're currently at a capacity call it around 25 million packs. You remember, we previously stated, we would be at 50 million packs by midyear and 75 million by the end of the year. We have seen a little bit of slowdown as we go through machine installation in the current COVID environment. But we're -- we've got the best engineering teams on it and we're moving as fast as we can. I mentioned earlier, we're in 28,000 stores. We're seeing good interaction with the consumer base both in -- with smokers and dippers. So we're extremely excited to be able to get that out and expand distribution.
Billy Gifford: Sure. Thanks for the question. And you're right, it is a bit different this time, but we do take our learnings from the 2008, 2009. I think if you look back at the last -- what we -- everybody refers to as the Great Recession, you did see the FET increase that you mentioned as well as you saw gas prices at a different base in that economic downturn. The other thing is you see unemployment benefits have been enhanced as well as government stimulus pretty quick into the market this time. And even the segments of the employee base that have been impacted is slightly different from the last downturn. So when we look at it, we feel like we have the right tools in place and we've even enhanced those tools Vivien. As you remember, we've been talking about our advanced analytics. So we had the tools in place and now they're further supported by our advanced analytics. So it's really a matter of having some more data of how our consumers could be impacted and then applying those tools at the appropriate time.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Thank you for following up. On price elasticity, as we told you before, that has held for decades. Sometimes you see slight disruptions if it's related to an FET in a given state, but we -- and then it recovers. And so we haven't seen anything -- and we peel back underneath that price elasticity and haven't seen anything from a trend break that would lead us to have anything different.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Thank you. I won't speak to specifics but that is one of the tools in our tool bag to be able to pull out. You remember we used that to a large extent in the previous downturn. And what we saw was if the consumer was under pressure, they really wanted to smoke Marlboro. We wanted to give them a safe landing place. And we think it worked extremely well because through time, we've been able to close if you will the gap between Special Blends and Marlboro Mainline. And so that's certainly a tool in our tool bag that we have at our disposal.
Billy Gifford: Sure. You're exactly right. The early data in April would indicate payback of some of that pantry loading. And I think while it's still early yet, the data would support our estimate of the consumer pantry loading that we put forward in the first quarter, but we'll continue to monitor it. Two things that we're watching is really how that will impact our shipments as both retailers and wholesalers make decisions of their inventory levels they want to carry through the remainder of the year. And I think also it's important to remember that we've seen some shopping behavior change with our consumer. Our consumers used to go and shop either everyday or every other day. And we've seen it and heard from our large retailers that they've seen the consumer shopping more on a weekly basis. And I think we'll have to see if that continues for a period of time, or whether that, as restrictions are lifted, goes back to more of a normal situation.
Billy Gifford: Sure. I think, when you think about Marlboro and really -- we really believe it's related to that consumer movement across categories. And so, as we saw those older -- especially that 50 and older consumer move back from e-vapor into cigarettes, we know from demographics that that consumer has a higher propensity for discount brands. And so that's why we wanted to show -- you see Marlboro's rock steady is its share of premium. It is something that we'll continue to monitor and make sure there's nothing else there, but we believe that's what occurred -- the majority of that in the first quarter. From the standpoint of the tools, I'm not going to get into specific tools. I did mention, look, we do have Marlboro Bold Ice out in the marketplace. We believe that with the innovative resale pack, it's important to keep the brand relevant and fresh for consumers in the marketplace. And then you mentioned the loyalty program. And so, we're going to continue to invest in the brand behind the things that we see work.
Billy Gifford: Yes, sure. Yes, it's a great question Bonnie. I mean, we've certainly seen some with everybody, all of our salaried workforce absent those that need to be in the labs or need to be supporting manufacturing or working from home. And so, when you're working from home, naturally there is some favorability that would fall out and so we're seeing some of that. We feel like, as we entered the year, we're very excited about both the opportunity with IQOS and on!. And we felt like we had the right investment plan behind those. So, certainly, as we progress through the year we may see some favorability until we can get the restrictions, if you will, lifted and the economy start getting back to consumers being able to move around. But we feel good about the level of investment and are excited about the prospects related to those.
Billy Gifford: Yes. That will be it, Chris. You nailed it. And it really will be how both retail and wholesalers decide to manage that inventory in the current environment and how long this environment lasts. And, yes, I mentioned earlier, we did see some of the consumer payback in the early data in April. We'll just have to see if they go back to a more normal shopping behavior or if they stay on this, I call it, staggered or less frequent shopping occasions and reload some of their -- just some of the payback that we've seen. So, you're right, it's a matter of having some more data, because it's so early yet in this process, but having some more data of both the inventory levels as well as what the consumer's shopping behavior is going to be.
Billy Gifford: Yes. The data we have, we haven't seen where we've seen any breaking trends. But, again, it's so early yet, but we haven't seen anything that would indicate any change in behavior.
Billy Gifford: I think, that's a fair estimate. It might be just a bit more than that. But again, it's going to depend on how quickly it comes out, how quickly the environment shifts back from the environment we're in to more of a -- whether you call it a new normal or normal environment for the -- both the retailers, wholesalers and the consumer.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. I'm not going to speak to the hypothetical Nik. I think we point to the two main reasons that we saw. One was related to ABI, because they represent such a large portion of our earnings, and then the -- it's just the uncertainty. And you've seen probably the range of scenarios, I've seen from economists about whether it's -- some are calling it a Z, some a W, some a U, some an L. And so, we would like a little bit more data on that. We feel like we – again, we have the right tools. It's just a matter of how much of and the appropriate timing of that depending on how our consumer feels in this economy.
Billy Gifford: Sure. I think it's important to remember that the tools that we have -- so every pack of Marlboro leaves their doors at the same price. And so we have price promotions where we can buy down the price of Marlboro, let's say, Michigan and not affected in Texas. We had especially marked packs with the data analysis that we have now that we can do down to the ZIP code level. And then with our extensive database, both of our consumers and competitive consumers, we can send couponing out. With Marlboro Rewards, the highest redeemed item is coupons and we actually appreciate that because that means there's a big sign of loyalty, because they're going to come back and buy Marlboro again. So, we have the tools and now we have the data to be able to precisely put that in place in the marketplace.
Billy Gifford: Yeah, Murray, do you want to start that from a legal standpoint? And I'll follow-up with the business side.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. I think from a business standpoint Nik, when you back up and not make it specific to JUUL, we believe the non-combustible space is going to play an important role going forward. And that's why you've seen us apply the portfolio strategy. So we have our traditional MST. We have on! now with the nicotine pouches. We have the exclusive right to IQOS in the U.S. in heat-not-burn. We do believe e-vapor will play an important role going forward. As it goes through, I'll call it, a two to three-year speed bump as the e-vapor manufacturers are navigating the FDA submissions and approvals and all of that process, and so we'll certainly be focused on it. But as Murray said, we feel good about our case and we'll rigorously defend it.
Billy Gifford: Yes. It's a good question Adam. And you're exactly right to point out tobacco is resilient, especially the cigarette category and that's why we maintain that 4% to 6% volume decline. I think what's different this time is just the nature of it. It came on so fast. And it was really led to businesses not being able to operate versus the normal of you have some unemployment and then you start having some people hired back. The difference here is just how long and then how deep. I mentioned earlier and I'm sure you've seen it Adam, the range of scenarios of how deep the unemployment is going to be and then how long and what the recovery period would look like. It's a bit more unpredictable this time from the external factor of the recession and how it's going to impact the consumer. And that's why I believe it's a bit different.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I'll be careful not to talk about future pricing too much. I think everything is on the table. With any pricing decision there are a number of factors that go into that. It's the health of the consumer. It's what these competitive pressures look like. What is the health of the brand? So we don't go into the year with a pricing plan and just stick to it. We evaluate that as we progress through the year. But we certainly feel very confident about the tools we have available and now supported by the advanced analytics.
Billy Gifford: Yes. You're right. ABI after they reset their dividend in the last period represents a smaller portion of our free cash flow. I really think what we were trying to do is allow our investors to see now that we pulled full year guidance for the current year to share with them how we would approach or recommend to the Board it's ultimately a Board decision but recommend to the Board our dividend policy. And it really is look our two tobacco businesses convert income to cash at over 90% and that's extremely high. And then we have – we feel like very well positioned and strong balance sheet. And so those factors will weigh into those recommendations absent any full year guidance so that the investor base would know where we were headed with our dividends.
Billy Gifford: Yes. So from a standpoint of shifting it's a bit too early to tell but we haven't seen anything that would indicate any significant shift between channels. It's very important to us that both C-stores and supermarkets have remained open under the various governor executive orders by state. And so we have a good plan in place and we'll continue with that plan. We'll certainly keep an eye on if we see anything shifting but we haven't seen anything to note.
Billy Gifford: Yes. You're right that we – so remember about 50% of the population in the U.S. within jurisdictions at the middle of last year that we're already at 21 or older. Certainly in the current environment with the COVID impact it's a bit hard to tease out exactly what's taken place in the first quarter. As we mentioned consumers were potentially lagging. So it's something that we'll watch but you're right to say that some of it was in our numbers last year and we expect to see the remainder of that come out this year.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think, it's a mixture of consumers shifting. You can see we were excited about on! interacting with both cigarettes -- and the consumer group you left out were MST -- traditional MST consumers. And there is the potential that e-vapor consumers as they want to stay in that alternative space. If they've loved cigarettes and they're in the alternative space and previously it was e-vapor that they could take it up. And so that's why we're so excited about getting that into the distribution and expanding that. So that's in the consideration set of our consumers as they're making these different choices.
Billy Gifford: Sure. I had the honor of being able to run that organization for a period of time in my career. And I will tell you that that manufacturing team is extremely strong. They had business continuity and plans in place for years. And so I always got to see them run those business continuity plans kind of in a test environment. Now I'm getting to see them execute it for real. We were able to build inventory and take the voluntary position to shut down for two weeks once we had a couple of cases pop-up. And that was really to prevent community spread amongst the employee base and we think that was the right decision. We've put in very enhanced protocols so really extremely communicating to the employee base about social distancing. For instance, we actually have the employees go through a temperature check before they report in. We have some shift separation that takes place. So previously if I were running the machine I would -- the next operator would show up a little bit before so the machine could run full speed. Now we actually have separations so I would actually bring that machine down in disciplined fashion to idle. I would leave the building and the next operator would come in and be able to bring that back up. We think what that does for us is -- if you -- I think you've been in the MC or Manufacturing Center. If you really think about it it's smaller factories within a very large complex. And so now that we've restricted some of the movement around the manufacturing center, if we should have the unfortunate incidence of another case popping up we would be quarantining one shift of employees related to that one bay. We would do extensive cleaning and then we would be able to run the next two shifts in that bay. So with the enhanced protocols we put in place we believe we've greatly mitigated the need to have to shut down the entire facility as we move forward into the future. I would say as we start to bring it back up again with the strength of our manufacturing team we've already started rebuilding inventories.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think that's something that we'll have to decide if we're faced with that. Look we'll go through our normal M&A analysis and make the decision at the appropriate time. And that's the way we'll approach anything like in that realm of possibility.
Billy Gifford: Yes. We – yes, I'm not going to share that at this point in time just because the ranges are so wide. As I saw and I'm sure you're seeing there's a number of predictions around how this is going to impact the economy and how long it's going to last. We'll certainly try to provide transparency as we move into the future. But it's a bit early. It's only a couple of weeks so far that we've really seen the unemployment numbers jump. And so it's something that we're watching. We sure are running a number of scenarios so that we'll plan about how we're going to approach those range of scenarios. But I think it's too early to really put a range around it.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think again, it's so early in the data. I did want to share that we saw some of the payback happening. I think it's too early really to call a trend on or any pressure from a down-trading standpoint. But we wanted to highlight for you that we believe that's going to happen. And we think we have the right tools in place. It's just a matter of when we deploy them or if we need to deploy them depending on as we see the pressure on the consumer and where it's necessary.
Billy Gifford: Yes. It's a great question. Look we were extremely excited with what we were seeing in Atlanta and Richmond. Unfortunately, it was a bit affected by those COVID pandemic, but we're excited to get right back on it. We did delay Charlotte as I said earlier, but we're excited with what we were seeing and we're excited to be able to get back to it. We'll really be guided by health authorities as they release the restrictions or remove some of the restrictions to be able to get back to that person-to-person interaction. We think we've learned some things. I've mentioned earlier, we really wanted to bring forward the social benefits of no ash and less odor. That was one of the things we learned in Atlanta is people who were very aware of the brand, but were less aware of the social benefits. And so our team moved so quickly in analyzing that, and so we're going to bring that to light as we expand it once we get the permission to do that from government authorities.
Billy Gifford: Yes. The only thing I would add I think you're right the CP market for Tier 2 is starting to loosen up a little bit. It's been a very recent phenomenon. It was very choppy early on. And that's why we went ahead with the utmost cautionary measures to go ahead and draw the revolver. Look we're very comfortable with the CP market when it's there. But that's what the revolver was for is to back up when CP markets dry up, and that's what we were seeing at least in Tier 2 for quite a while through the pandemic. If it stays deep, I mean, we could certainly lay out some in the CP market if we see that it's going to remain that way for a period of time. But as Sal said, we'll make those decisions, we monitor the markets on a daily basis and we'll make those decisions based on what we're seeing in the marketplace.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think from a standpoint of -- just a reminder is because, we -- once we convert or make the decision to convert we would go onto the equity method but we choose the fair value option. So really what gets recorded to the P&L is any impairments going forward and dividends received. So it's a bit different than what we do for ABI and Cronos where we record their share of -- our share of their income. So I think that's just important to remember. I think from the outlook of JUUL, look, we think they're making the right decisions. I think details around that are best asked of JUUL. But outside looking in we feel like the overhead had gotten a bit ahead of itself. And we -- it's unfortunate it's in the middle of this COVID crisis, but we certainly believe the reduction in overhead and that type of spending is a smart move to make.
Billy Gifford: All right. Thanks again for joining us. And please contact our Investor Relations team if you have any further questions. And on behalf of all of us at Altria, we hope that everyone remains safe and healthy. Thanks very much.
Bonnie Herzog: You're welcome. I wanted see if we could get a sense from you how things are trending in April so far? I mean, you've walked through the different weeks in March for us, but I'd be curious to hear if you're certainly starting to see a lot of the -- I guess deloading or pantry depleting from the consumer. It's sort of what I'm hearing and seeing. We're seeing it in the Nielsen results. So any more color on that in April so far would be helpful.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. That makes sense. And then, I wanted to ask about Marlboro, just maybe hoping for just a little bit more color as to why we're seeing some retail share loss and really trying to get a sense from you of how worried you might be about this. I know you, certainly, touched on the older vaper returning to the category not necessarily going to Marlboro. So, first on that, I'm curious do you think we're going to continue to see more of those older vapers returning to smoking? Or just wondering if most of that has already happened? And then is there anything else that you're seeing within the Marlboro franchise? And maybe what you're doing to kind of shore that up and then improve the brand equity, i.e., for instance, I think the loyalty program that you have, I think you've maybe increased that and moved that forward, given everything going on. So anything you can share with us would be helpful.
Bonnie Herzog: And one final question from, me if I may. A lot of companies right now in this environment are talking about their ability to kind of lower spending or pull back on some of the spend and I'm just trying to think about your business. You mentioned what's going on with IQOS and understood that a lot of that is being delayed given this environment. So, maybe any of the planned spending that you had for IQOS this year, are you redeploying it potentially into your smokeable business, or is that something that you're leaving as a cushion, possibly letting it flow to the bottom line? Just trying to get a sense of your spending levels this year in light of everything? Thanks.
Sal Mancuso: Good morning, Bonnie, this is Sal. I would just remind us that, we went through a major restructuring last year, where we eliminated some headcount, reduced costs. So we feel like we have a pretty efficient operation now and that last year's restructure was very helpful in that.
Sal Mancuso: Sure. Good morning, Pamela. You are right, our lockup in the ABI shares expires in 2021. And look at that time we'll evaluate whether it's the best use of capital and make our determination.
Sal Mancuso: Sure, Billy. Thanks for the question. You are correct. April is a large month for cash outlays and we drew down the full $3 billion revolver in March. Typically, we'd be in the capital markets for commercial paper. Obviously, this year was a different year. And I think the way you think about the revolver is, we will continue to monitor the market and evaluate our business needs, and we'll be happy to update you at the appropriate time in terms of when we pay the revolver off. As far as capital markets, I really won't get into specifics of when we access the capital markets. But again, we monitor the market. We monitor what our business needs are, and we will make the appropriate capital allocation decisions at that time.
Sal Mancuso: Yes. Thanks for the follow-up. Look I really don't want to get into specific capital markets decisions. But we will monitor the economy the markets and our business needs very closely and we will make the appropriate decision on how we allocate our capital decisions.
