Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I think the answer is yes, yes, yes. All of these categories are competitive, and continue to be competitive. And so that's not a new thing in particular to the business. And so I would say that yes, the Cigarette category continues to be competitive. There continues to be competitive activity out in the marketplace, but the other two categories are competitive as well.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, we mentioned in our remarks that we've been busy, really, getting the space right for the category in a large number of stores. We worked on that through the entire back half of the year. I think we accomplished that in about 60,000 stores that represent a good percentage of the smokeless volume in the U.S. Part of what we did was we reduced significantly in the fourth quarter the amount of promotion activity in our Smokeless business in order to be able to let the inventories get stabilized in light of a change in the shelf space that had occurred over the back half of the year. So I can't speak to whether or not that's fully balanced out in retail stores right now, because I don't know. I just can tell you we wanted to just give it a chance to occur. And you're right, there will be a number of new items tat go into the category. All of these products are shorter shelf life products, Christine, so they don't tend to have a large amount of inventory to go in when they are launched, because you have to be mindful of the limited shelf life.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, post the FET, you had a pretty good decline in overall cigarette volumes in the industry, and you continue to have growth in the Smokeless category, and you've continued to have growth in the Cigars segment, and so much of this was really a rebalancing of the space in these stores in order to get the room right for cigarettes and to get the inventories right sized for cigarettes relative to the changes in overall industry volume. And then take that space and use it to accommodate the growth because the Smokeless category was behind relative to its growth rate in terms of how space was being allocated, just wasn't being focused on the way it should have been. So it really is, I think, the best way to describe it is a reallocation of space within the total sector to accommodate the trends that have been going on for a while in those sectors.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I can't suggest to you that I think you're going to see retail cigarette inventories come down because of the space changing in retail stores, because I think much of that's been reflected in 2010. But I think the comment that we made was that we expect to see our earnings growth build and accelerate as the year progresses in 2011, both because we don't run the same set of plans in each year. We are putting out things in the marketplace based on what we think is best for the business and that coming year relative to the competitive environment. And there are other factors that influence inventories during the year, things like timing of pricing and so on. So what we're saying is that when we're looking at the year as it appears to us, that's how it will unfold based on what we know today.
Michael Szymanczyk: No, I think that would be competitively sensitive information, so I don't think I'll go into any detail on that.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, we make estimates, and they're part of our planning process and that would be included in the guidance. But beyond that, I wouldn't provide any specific detail.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, not so much when you see the variations of styles that exist in the Smokeless business. It's really four flavors in a line of products that have multiple forms. So that's the bulk of these product launches. But no, we wouldn't give out what we would estimate to be the volume. I mean, it's just not being announced. So it's a little early to start predicting how they're going to perform in the marketplace.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, they'll be launched with some introductory pricing and then beyond that, we won't speak to what we're going to do with them.
Michael Szymanczyk: No, I wouldn't say anything other than, I guess, the way we look at it is there's no evidence that we have from history that the category decline rate based on normal price elasticities is going to show some deviation from that history. So I don't have any reason to believe that it will.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, as you know, over the last three years, we've done a major restructuring of the corporation and made a couple of acquisitions and taken out factories as a part of that restructuring. And so we've announced what it would produce when we did that, how long it would take, and we've been getting that work done. I think looking ahead, as we look at cost saves, we believe that we'll continue to see declines in volume in the cigarette industry and in our Cigarette business, and so we're focused on continuing to methodically reduce cigarette infrastructure. We don't have major factory locations that will be affected by that decline because we only have one major manufacturing facility now. But we do have other areas in the operation of cigarettes that we can have decline in terms of cost as the volume comes down. So that will be a primary component. And then in the growth businesses, particularly the Smokeless business, but also the Cigar business, but primarily in the Smokeless business, we want to realize that growth in a way that we're not adding a lot of cost, so we can have an impact that's positive on our cost per unit because the volume will grow, and we won't have to expand capacity or take on major costs. So we're looking for ways to really be more efficient in the way we operate our smokeless operations as the volume grows, so we can absorb that volume growth and get a positive impact on our cost structure. And that also is the case in some of the service areas like Sales & Distribution and the Altria Client Services operation. We're looking for ways to be able to absorb Smokeless growth, sometimes we'd be able to in those service organization, transfer assets that have been applied to the Cigarette business over to the Smokeless business. Sometimes we won't and we'll be taking some of those assets out. But that's really the fundamental approach as we look at how we're going to get productivity out of the business at least over the next few years.
Michael Szymanczyk: Yes. Well, first of all, I wouldn't get too focused on quarter-to-quarter comparison because we really don't run the business that way. We really do have an approach that's longer term than that. We're looking for modest growth on the Marlboro brand in terms of share and maximizing profitability out of our Cigarette business. That's the way we run the business, and we make decisions based on what we think is best for that outcome, and it can have a negative – those decisions can have a negative impact on the comparison of one quarter versus the previous year at any point in time. So we don't worry too much about that. We feel like Marlboro had a nice share growth in the fourth quarter versus the previous year and that the equity remains strong. We'll talk some about that on Monday in our investor day in more detail. But no, I don't see anything there to be particularly concerned about.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I wouldn't generalize on any of this. It's a big country. It's got lots of different markets within it, lots different states, lots of different pricing variables that exist all over the place, and there are different kinds of development on different products and competitive products in the marketplace. I think what you have to recognize is that Marlboro's a big brand and that in a declining category, the way that brand grows is it has to get competitive smokers to join its franchise, and it needs to keep its adult smoker consumers that are in that brand that are continuing to participate in the category. So the kinds of extensions that we do are designed to reach out to competitive adult smokers, and give them an opportunity to join the brand franchise called Marlboro. At the same token, we get an additional benefit on the brand because it provides equity news. And so even if an existing consumer for the Marlboro brand on mainline SKUs isn't interested in the new SKU, it does in fact bring news about the brand to them. So that's the reason why we do them, because this brand is a brand that continues to show the equity strength to grow out into the future. But to grow, it has to reach out to competitive adult smokers.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I think what we've said in the past on this subject is that when it comes to our balance sheet, our objective is to maintain a strong investment grade credit rating, and it's to support a strong dividend payout ratio targeted at 80%, and then it's to make progress on reducing our financing cost relative to the debt that we took on from the UST transaction. We made good progress in all three of those fronts in 2010 and as the board looked at the circumstance, we feel like we'll continue to make progress there, but we have the capability to buy back $1 billion worth of stock in 2011. And so our interest is in doing things that are in interest of our shareholders, and we think that is.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I actually think that when we look at the year for our overall cigarette volume that it was in line with what we would've expected. And as I said before, I wouldn't get too caught up with the quarter-to-quarter change, given all the moving parts that can have impact on the quarter and relative to comparison with the previous year's quarter.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I can't predict the future, but we don't see anything that's out of line relative to the way our volume is performing.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, there's always work to be done in the new year, but the initial phase of what we wanted to get accomplished in 2010 got completed so that's on track. I mean, we'll continue to work on improving the segment's retail presentation, but what we set out to accomplished in the back half of 2010, we accomplished.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I don't think we see any fundamental change in the trend line in that category. If you look at it, it's been pretty steady at 7% growth rate. So I'm not anticipating any significant change in that.
Michael Szymanczyk: No. Those are new products, incremental products. They are of a different format, so they offer as you study the consumer in this segment and the development of the segment, you see different people have different kind of preferences relative to these Snus products. So these products have a different pouch size, for example, and there are different set of flavor profiles, and that's all based on continuing consumer research.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, first of all, the initial launches on Special Blend that took place at the end of 2009 were both non-menthol products. The launches that are taking place, just beginning to be announced actually at retail and really, won't really impact the marketplace until March, one is a non-menthol product and the other one is a menthol product. So there hasn't been really any impact on our menthol business by Special Blend thus far. Okay, we did launch in the fourth quarter a product called Skyline, Marlboro Skyline, which is a different blend of Marlboro that has a different appeal to competitive menthol smokers to the brand. And that's off to a good start, but it's early for that product. But it's a continuation of us reaching out to competitive menthol smokers with good products that they might enjoy. And then beyond that, relative to FDA, that process continues. And sometime here, I think, over the next couple of months, we ought to see whatever recommendations come out of the TPSAC [Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee] committee. We'll talk about that in a little more detail on Monday.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, it's approximately 60,000 stores. They're spread around the U.S., focused really on the more highly developed smokeless tobacco marketplaces in the country. And the space variation is really by store, so it's really based on how the business has developed in a particular store. Averages don't mean much in that regard.
Judy Hong: Mike, just looking at your cigarette performance in the fourth quarter, it looks like your net pricing per unit actually was down sequentially from the third quarter, yet your Marlboro share was also a little bit weaker just compared to the third quarter performance. So I'm just trying to understand whether you think that the line extensions and some of the promotional activity that you're putting to place along these line extensions are actually benefiting the Marlboro trademark enough. And then just broadly longer term, the implication on the Marlboro trademark with these line extensions.
Judy Hong: Okay. And then just in terms of broadly, I guess, just going back to my question about these line extensions and the strategy that you're using these line extensions to really help the Marlboro trademark, are they going after different consumer segments? Would the price points come up over time as you get more traction on these line extensions? I guess I'm just trying to understand sort of the broader...
Judy Hong: Okay. And then the $1 billion share buyback program, I guess I'm just curious in terms of how you come up to a decision to buy back stock rather than maybe using more money to pay down the debt or just reduce the financing cost even more than what you've done so far.
