Billy Gifford: Thanks for the questions, Nik. We'll take them in an order. On the excise tax front, I would remind you that we had two state excise tax increases happened at the beginning of this year. Certainly with the bills that the states have racked up responding to COVID. Certainly it will be a little bit more challenging excise tax environment. We have a great government affairs team as you know Nik and they engage on both sides of aisle across the states and really know how to engage on that. From that standpoint though, I think right now most governments are focused on how to get the COVID-19 pandemic under control and so there's a little bit of chatter across the states. But nothing to point out at this point, but certainly it will be a challenging environment as they look to pay the bills related to their response to COVID-19. On Marlboro Nik, I think what you saw with and Sal highlighted in his comment people were concerned at the beginning of the year. We tried to highlight for the analyst and investor community that what we saw was consumers moving back from e-vapor back into cigarettes in both premium brands and discount brands benefitted from it but because it tended to skew older adults smoker coming back, we know that they have a proclivity towards discount brands. We didn't panic when that was taking place, we felt like we knew what was behind that and I think you just seen the strength of the Marlboro brand through time certainly there is some competitive premium brands that had some extra resources in the marketplace at the beginning of 2020. We felt saw those lessen as we progressed through 2020 and to your point. The programs we have in place and the Marlboro brand team do an excellent job of engaging with the consumers and nearly building loyalty through time whether you mentioned the rewards programs but other programs as well and I think that, the strength of the Marlboro brand and we're excited about where it stands.
Billy Gifford: Thank you Bonnie and we'll take those in turn as well. On the EPS guidance, really when you think about the EPS guidance and I know you're including kind of the cigarette volume in that. We run a range of scenarios around that. We really look at what - our base expectations. We have a very strong forecasting group. They forecast across the various categories and then we run a range of scenarios around that upside then downside and we think about. Okay, what do we feel confident about in providing a short range of EPS guidance for the year and that's where we landed? As far as cigarette volume, it was at the - that we didn't have a forecast for volume. We feel very good about the way we got about forecasting volume. But to your point there are a lot of uncertainties and a lot of fluidness in the environment whether that's the consumer and how they engage with some of these non-combustible categories as they continue to grow or to the things we've highlighted in remarks, whether it's unemployment or the fiscal stimulus if the government passes that. So there are range of factors. What we think really focusing on the consumer and that's what we are trying to do is really give more information about how we're focused on the consumer and what or when they go and that's exactly why we implemented the portfolio strategy. It's really looking at the consumer is going to make different decisions depending on where they're at in their journey and how do we really focus on the consumer and have the best products and best brands in each of those categories as they make decisions. Don't get me wrong. The cigarette as I said in my remarks really fuels the engine for fueling the 10-year vision. But we think what you should hold us accountable to is our success and meeting the customer where they're at regardless of what category they're at.
Billy Gifford: Sure. Look. I'll take them in reverse orders, as far as the employees. They have such passion. But you're right incentivizing them in the right direction certainly directs that passion. We've shared that 10-year vision that we have and how we expect to progress through time with our employee base. They're passionate about it. They're excited to support that and we think we have the right incentive program in place to work that excitement. As far as milestones again I won't go into a specific numerical value. Remember from an overall objective we're looking to balance strong growth, EPS growth for investors and the associated cash involved with that. But at the same time making investments over the long-term to advance our non-combustible portfolio. So what we're really trying to do is have that balance and so we're certainly going to share with you through time, how we're making progress. But it's really about the journey of the consumer. So if you think about really driving awareness of the consumer for new categories [indiscernible] trial, ultimately purchase and then at the final stage conversion to these new categories, that's the way we're thinking about the consumer journey and we're really investing to get to as close to the consumers as we can because each consumer is going to be in a different point in that journey and make different decisions across the categories and that's exactly the portfolio approach as different actions are taken whether they're regulatory actions, whether they're consumers really enjoying a category. Is being able to be agile enough to not starve any category that's growing and make the appropriate investments there. So that's how we're thinking about the consumer journey and you'll see a share more through time of how we're progressing with those consumer journeys.
Billy Gifford: Yes, we'll keep our eyes open for everything. But we're extremely excited about the portfolio products that we have currently and is really a focus on execution and to your point that's exactly why we talked about the investments and their product development. Is making sure that we're staying abreast with the consumer and really keeping pace and meeting their needs and desires.
Billy Gifford: Yes, thanks for the question Vivien. I think you nailed it. I think it was as wholesalers and retailers are making decisions around where they stood with the COVID-19 pandemic and what because at different parts across the US. The surges that are taking place in different state government decisions about shut downs and the consumers mobility and the marketplace. And so I think certainly there is a slight level of increase over what you've seen in previous years as they took those things to consideration. Certainly as we always said through time those wholesale inventories tend to balance out and so we'll see as we progress through the COVID-19 pandemic and the vaccination rollout, how wholesalers and retailers decide to what levels are appropriate for them.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I would say both pieces of that category did grow during the year. But certainly the vast majority was the onset of the novel [ph] oral products whether it be on! or Zen or other products in that space and so that's the vast majority. But both segments of that category did grow. So we feel good about the offerings we have and brands in the traditional MST. And Copenhagen continues to lead that category, we feel great about its position.
Billy Gifford: Yes, it's a great question Michael. We're very excited about what we've experienced in the first three - markets. From a standpoint of the exact way to engage with the consumers, what's most important we've found is the consumer education that we understand what the IQOS device delivers and the Marlboro HeatSticks, what flavor expectations they can have and then really how to use the device. So from that standpoint we're trying many things because remember we launch in densely populated areas. So you have one strategy there. But then as you move from those densely populated areas out that's exactly why we were testing the device sales in convenience stores to really meet consumers where they are and as you get to more rural location really have an outlet to engage with the consumer. We actually use all of those measures that you mentioned. Whether it's direct mail, whether its retail stores, the [indiscernible] in the convenience store, whether it's corners and various places or whether it's the mobile unit. And certainly in Charlotte, we have used the mobile units to a larger extent because what we found is as, you meet a certain capacity you can actually move those mobile units from one location to another and really maximize the number of consumers you're engaging with. Most certainly in the COVID world, we had some challenges there because there is a lot of engagement one-on-one with the consumer. But our team implemented digital tools. We talked about the mobile chat capability that they installed and so we're excited to continue to expand and we'll have more to say on that.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I'm not going to speak to taking control or any M&A activities. Certainly we think Cronos has positioning themselves well to take a roll in the US, if it becomes federally legal. I think it's important to step back and really stake what we believe. We believe it should be legal at the federal level. But it's got to have the right regulatory framework. So if you think about that total framework, what it should address is it should address underage use, it should establish industry product standards and that includes safety standards. It really needs to be guided by the science so that from a standpoint of everything should be science driven and it really should deal with the social justice issues that are involved in that space. And so we believe it should be federalized in legal level. We support that. We're engaged with that. But it's got to have the right comprehensive framework surrounding it.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I appreciate the question. I'll be careful Chris as you mentioned not to get into future pricing strategies; look we recognized that pricing is an important part of the algorithm. I would remind you that the strategy for the combustible segment both cigarettes and cigars is to maximize profitability over the long-term while balancing investments in mobile and funding the growth of non-combustible portfolio, so certainly profitability in the traditional tobacco space is what we're using to invest in the future in these non-combustible product arenas. So certainly we'd look at that from a standpoint of when you look at pricing, a couple of the factors that we think about pricing as we move forward is really, where are our consumers on an economic standpoint. What are they feeling, how do they feel, what are they thinking about? It's the strength of our brands, how do we think about our brands and the strength in the consumers mind and then certainly business performance and objectives factor into that. I think when you look at price realization over the past couple of years. I think it's important to remember that's not all list price, it also has the price efficiencies we've been able to garner from the advanced analytics that we put in place and so with the amount of data that we get in and the advanced analytics that we've invested in. I think you're seeing the benefit in price realization of being more efficient. But just as effective if not more in the marketplace with the promotional spend that we have, so it's a combination of both and we're extremely excited about what our advanced analytics team has been able to accomplish.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I don't think it's too soon for that Chris. I'm hesitant to try to give much more on cigarette volume guidance. I think you're exactly right though. The success of those categories and our success and we'll certainly impact the cigarette category in line with their vision. But when you step back Chris that's exactly why we really went this portfolio approached products. It's about meeting the consumer where they're at, each consumer is going to make different decisions and that objective we have balancing strong growth in the associated cash for our investors and investing in these categories. As we progressed through the year and we see a consumer following of one of these categories we want to make sure we're not starving it for investments. So it's provides us the flexibility we feel to make the right decisions as we progressed through the year.
Billy Gifford: Yes, you're exactly right, Owen. Thank you for the question. You're exactly right from an e-vapor standpoint with the agreement we have in JUUL we're not looking at product development in that space. But it really is staying - the keen focus is on the consumer and staying where the consumer is going and so it's across these categories that are growing is where we want to have product development to make sure we're keeping pace with the consumers' needs and desires and so I think any CPG having a strong product development is important and that's why we think it' is important for us to invest in that area.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I'm not going to get into specifics, not that's in the non-combustible space is where we're investing and it's really about looking how the investor is what they're desiring and what needs are unmet and developing against that and so that's about as far as I'm going to go today. I think as we make progress in that space and we feel excited about the progress we made thus far, we'll share more when it's appropriate.
Billy Gifford: Yes, to characterize it either way, Steve. We feel like we've made the appropriate investments certainly it's stepped up. But I wouldn't say that we're just gliding along. We're going to move where the consumer moves and so it's that keen focus on the consumer. It's about driving the portfolio that we have and so if you think about investments around on! and the heated tobacco space with IQOS and Marlboro HeatSticks, it's about driving investments there, driving awareness, getting the distribution we desire at retail and having it in the consumers consideration. When you go to the next category about this digital platform it's really about thinking about how do you - we've made great strides in analytics and I think you've seen the benefit and the performance of our businesses. Now it's about those insights being really focused on the consumer, how do we get this close to the consumer and understand where each consumer is that on their journey to conversion for whatever category they're choosing and making sure that we're able to communicate and keep pace with them in that journey. And then the final one is, as we've seen in all of these categories continued development around the product space is extremely important to the consumer and investing there to make sure we're keeping pace with the consumers, so that's how we're thinking about it. We're extremely excited about the portfolio we have, it's about getting it there to have it in the consumer consideration set, meeting them where they're at and communicating with them along the journey and then making sure that our products keep pace with consumers, future wants and desires.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Gaurav to be quite honest. We really don't pay attention to who goes first, who goes second or what order. Really and I mentioned this early, the major factors that go in our pricing consideration nothing from a competitive standpoint. It's really about how our consumers are from their economic positions, what are they feeling? How will they position and how do they feel about their future prospects? The next is the strength of our brands, how do we feel about brands in the marketplace and in the consumers' minds and then it is around business performance and objectives. Those are the three factors we think about when we build our plan around pricing and that's what drives our pricing decisions.
Billy Gifford: Yes, certainly we collaborate with PMI but those decisions are ours and so from that standpoint, we wanted to make sure we had the flexibility as we move forward, where we will be communicating the MRTP with consumers and we want to do it in the most effective way that has an impact on them and so we're rolling that out and we started that processes in some of our markets. And what we saw and research is - it does bearing to the consumer's mind of deciding to engage with the concept of the IQOS and the Marlboro HeatSticks as well as their desire to stick with it. So we're looking forward to bringing that MRTP and we'll use the avenues that we think are most advantageous for us, to get that message across to the consumers.
Billy Gifford: I think when you think about our pricing decisions as I mentioned earlier the things that factor into our pricing decisions and that [indiscernible] price realization is really around the list price increases we take and the efficiency is garnered across our promotional spend. I think when you look at the rest of the pricing decision. They're independent of us as manufacturers make those pricing decisions and then of course you have state excise taxes get added to that and then how retailers themselves are competitive in the marketplace. So there are lot of factors that go into that and we feel good about where we're at.
Billy Gifford: Sure and so really what we think drove that was exactly what you mentioned and we had highlighted which were stay at home practices which consumers themselves faced less social friction. We're benefitting from more discretionary income related to the stay-at-home practices. So less discretionary whether it'd be movie tickets or going out to eat or even gas. And so as we progress through the year as we see consumers respond to how their behaviors related to how comfortable they feel returning to some of those discretionary other items or even they've decided to go fully back to work versus work remotely. It's something that we'll be monitoring and whether the consumer decides to adapt their life a bit to those changes or whether they go back I'll call it completely normal state pre-COVID and so that's something that we'll be monitoring. But certainly in our guidance we ran ranges of scenario and feel comfortable that we have levers across the business to be able to respond to that regardless of one of those scenarios occur.
Billy Gifford: That is the right way of thinking about it, Adam. What we've shown in the left side is cumulative distribution in stores and then on the right side, what we're showing is the quarterly share in those stores with distribution, so yes.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I think you'll see fluctuations through time, Adam. Nothing grows in a straight line and so you're going to have distribution efforts that will accelerate that in periods of time and then you'll have a distribution levels out in some areas. You'll have fluctuations. I think, we try to provide this. But if you think of this more as a line through time is a better way to think about continued distribution in growth and oral. I think it shows the desire of the consumer to find a non-combustible product that satisfies them and as they move to those, you're going to see through time growth in these categories.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Adam and we'll be hesitant to compare it. We think we're making the appropriate investments and it goes back to really balancing strong growth for the investor in the related cash and the appropriate investments there and so we're going to make the appropriate investments. We're never going to starve a category for investment that we think we're making significant progress in and so we're going to make the appropriate investments. I hate to say because the timing can be different during the year and so one quarter compared to a previous year or vice versa. But certainly we feel good about the investments we've made.
Billy Gifford: It's a great question Jennifer. It is something that we're going to monitor, engage with our consumers on a regular basis to be able to assess that. When you think about our consumer, they tend to be a bit at the lower end of the economic status and so from that standpoint they definitely need to be able to work. It depends on their trade of what there are participating the workforce in, how readily available they can choose to be completely remote versus having to report in at times. So I think [indiscernible] very greatly. It remains to be seen how much they adjust their lifestyle back to I'll call it normal pre-COVID to now even past a COVID pandemic, how much they adapt and change. So I think it remains to be seen and it's something that we'll be engaged with our consumers to be able to assess through time.
Billy Gifford: Thank you, Lori [ph]. Altria's tobacco business is having track record of delivering strong and consistent financial performance in challenging environment. Our outstanding 2020 results demonstrate the resilience of our business and we continue to reward our shareholders by returning a significant amount of cash in the form of dividend. We have strong plans for 2021 in pursuit of our 10-year vision and believe our tobacco business platform has the winning brands and is unmatched. Thanks again for joining us. Please stay safe and contact our Investor Relations team if you have any further questions. Thanks very much.
Sal Mancuso: Sure, Steve and good morning. As far as the cost base in 2020 remember, we were lapping the cost reduction program that we implemented in 2019 and of course cost management remains top of mind for us. When you think about 2021, we think we have the right structure for the business and right size of the business. It's really about reallocating our spending, right? So we're moving spending from the combustible business as we invest into the non-combustible business in. our employees do a terrific job or thinking about efficiencies on their infrastructure and their processes and how that freeze up resources to reinvest in our 10-year vision and in our non-combustible platform. The right size organization we feel really good about. We have terrific employees. They've done a wonderful job of continuing to provide productivity during the pandemic and so that's how I would think about 2021 costs. As far as PMCC, the folks of PMCC over the last many years have done a wonderful job of really unwinding that business and it has been lumpy at times. We're selling assets, when you think about 2021 and 2022; we've got the net finance assets at a low level. It's significantly lower than when we began to wind down that business and really, it's about rents received and the sale of asset. So there might be some lumpiness in there. But we feel good about the portfolio that remains and the ability to unwind the business and we expect to be completely wound down in 2022.
Sal Mancuso: Yes, Gaurav. I want to be careful not to get into the particular components there. There's always puts and takes across the P&L. I think what's most important is as I stated early, it is subjective to have strong growth but then make appropriate investments in our non-combustible portfolio. So as you think about as we progressed through the year, if one area or another performs well within that affords us as we're progressing through the year to make changes if necessary. But it also affords us to the opportunity to invest in areas that we're seeing the consumer gravitate towards so that we're starving any particular category for investments.
Sal Mancuso: Yes, so our government affairs team has been able to secure that reduction in six states and then of course there is a slight definition change in the state of Virginia, so if you count that as a reduction, there would be seven states. But six that are part of if you will once it receives designation from the FDA step down taxation.
Sal Mancuso: Good morning, Adam. Let me clarify for you. We're increasing some of our investments in our non-combustible some of that will be offset through reallocation. But I don't want you to take away from my comments that is 100% funded by reallocation. So it helps us be more efficient across the full P&L. but as we stated in our earlier remarks, we are increasing our investment to achieve our 10-year vision.
Sal Mancuso: Good morning, this is Sal. I think you characterized it fairly. We do have an elevated cash balance than we've had typically Billy and I have talked about throughout 2020 [indiscernible] desire to have an elevated cash a balance as we manage through the pandemic. Remember last year the board of directors rescinded the share buyback program and we were very focused on it. And I think you've articulated uses of cash for this year. We're excited and really pleased that the Board of Directors authorized a new $2 billion share repurchase program which we expect to complete by June 30, 2022. We're excited about that I think it's the appropriate level. It reflects the value in our shares and enhances shareholder value. But we also maintained capital allocation flexibility. We've remained committed to the 80% target payout ratio for our dividends against adjusted earnings per share and when you think about our cash position in a typical year after paying the dividend, making the necessary investments, capital investments in our business. We traditionally have about a $1 billion in excess cash and we will run through our capital allocation analyses to determine the best use of that cash.
Sal Mancuso: Yes, and I don't want to get ahead of myself on how we think about debt refinancing or debt or time - what I would tell you is that. We take into a lot of factors as many companies do, market conditions, best use of capitals to enhance shareholder value. So we have a very talented treasury team they work really hard on staying ahead of our debt maturities and thinking about capital allocation and the best use of our capital going forward.
Sal Mancuso: Yes, I don't think it's helpful for me to share how quickly or the pace that we buy our shares back in a share repurchase program. I would tell you that we have communicated that it's an 18-month program and we will buy our shares. And you're right, it does depend on market conditions when it comes to the pace of share buyback. But I really don't think I should really provide much more detail than that.
