Marty Barrington: Thanks Brendan. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. Altria delivered solid financial results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2012 while taking steps to strengthen its ability to create shareholder value in the future. Our tobacco businesses grew their adjusted operating companies’ income and expanded their margins for both the third quarter and first nine months of 2012. Each of our tobacco companies also grew their retail share for the same time periods while investing to develop their brands for the long-term. Products introduced in recent years continued to support these income and retail share gains. Our tobacco companies remain focused on developing and commercializing innovative new products to meet the volume preferences with all tobacco consumers. The business performance of our operating companies enabled us to increase our already strong cash returns to shareholders. Altria increased its dividend by 7.3% in the third quarter, our 46th dividend increase in the last 43 years. We also returned cash to shareholders by repurchasing over $260 million of our stock during the quarter. Earlier today, we announced a $500 million expansion of our current $1 billion share repurchase program. We also took steps to enhance our capital structure during the quarter. We purchased high coupon debt and issued new lower cost debt. These actions reduced our 2018 and 2019 debt maturity tariffs, lowered our future interest expense and reduced our weighted average coupon rate. Altria grew its 2012 adjusted diluted EPS by 3.6% for the third quarter and 7.8% for the nine months. These results were consistent with our expectations and include the negative impact of an increase in Altria’s 2012 full-year effective tax rate on operations related to the debt tender offer. Smokeable Products segment delivered solid adjusted OCI growth and adjusted OCI margin expansion for the third quarter and nine months through higher list prices and effective cost management. We coupled this solid OCI growth with retail share gains on Marlboro. Marlboro’s new brand architecture has contributed to the brand’s results. Marlboro’s brand building initiatives across our four product families have included a successful expansion of new products, equity building promotions that engage millions of adult smokers and promotional offers intended to generate trial and conversion by adult competitive smokers. In addition, PM USA expanded Marlboro NXT, a product in Marlboro Black family into 27 states at the end of third quarter. Marlboro NXT contains capsule technology that allows adult smokers to switch from non-menthol to menthol taste. Marlboro’s growth was complemented by retail share gains by L&M in the Discount segment. PM USA strong shipment volume outperformed the industry and its principal competitors on both a reported and on adjusted basis. Black & Mild also delivered strong retail share growth for the third quarter and nine months behind products that were introduced in recent years. Black & Mild’s results also benefited from the 2012 third quarter introduction of Black & Mild Jazz into select geographies and its seasonal offering Summer Blend. In smokeless tobacco, USSTC’s objective is to increase its income through volume growth primarily by focusing on Copenhagen and Skoal. USSTC aims to maximize the combined performance of these two leading premium brands by focusing on strengths of each brand. Copenhagen and Skoal grew their combined reported shipment volume and retail share for both the third quarter and the first nine months. This performance helps the Smokeless Product segment growth it’s quarter and nine month adjusted OCI and adjusted OCI margins. Copenhagen continue to be the primary driver of volume and retail share growth as it benefited from new products introduced in recent years including the recent expansion of Copenhagen Southern Blend. Skoal’s volume and retail share comparisons were impacted by competitive activity and Copenhagen’s strong performance. Skoal’s nine month comparisons were also impacted by last year’s SKU delisting and the introduction of Skoal X-TRA. USSTC is taking steps to improve Skoal’s performance and recently announced fourth quarter expansion of Skoal ReadyCut into over 20 states. Skoal ReadyCut offers adult tippers and easier to control long cut product. In the Wine segment, Ste. Michelle delivered strong adjusted OCI results for the third quarter and nine months through higher pricing, higher shipment volume and improved premium mix. We are pleased with our business results through the first nine months of 2012 and reaffirm and we expect to deliver adjusted diluted EPS growth of 7% to 9% for the full year, representing a range of $2.19 to $2.23 per share. We also expect to deliver full year reported diluted EPS between $2.03 and $2.07 per share. I will now turn things over to Howard, who will discuss our business results in more detail.
Marty Barrington: Listen I'm not going to comment on what other folks are saying. I will tell what we are trying to do. What we are trying to do in this multiple segments is to maximize income while maintaining modest share momentum on Marlboro; that has been the strategy for some time that strategy remains constant. We have I think a good plan in place for 2012 to execute against that strategy and that's what you see playing out in the marketplace. We are implementing a new Marlboro architecture which is part of our investment in Marlboro. What I would say is that, it’s a competitive industry, it’s always been competitive, it’s competitive today, likely to be competitive as we go forward. I don't see anything that particularly unique about it. Marlboro is investing in its new architecture and that's a wise thing to do because Marlboro has been the engine of income growth in this multiple segment for Altria Group. So that's how we look at it and we are pretty happy with how that's playing out this year.
Marty Barrington: I just want to return to what I said is that the strategy is to maximize income while maintaining moderate share momentum on Marlboro. It's not a question of choosing different strategies as much as it is. There are ways to grow income. We talked about cigarette pricing. Pricing is of course important in cigarette category. It has been important, it will remain important but of course you can grow your income through other ways and we’ve spoken about this previously. We're trying to manage our cost structure as efficiently as we can. You saw the PM USA took a higher list, took list prices up in the middle of the year. We reduced our promotions actually, our promotion allowances on Marlboro as we’ve gone through the year.  We will recall that on Marlboro special blend, we had geographies where it was promoted at $0.75, other geographies where it began at the dollar and within the year those allowances have come down not once but twice, first to $0.90 and then to $0.85. We've spoken about Marlboro Black. We had promotional allowances to generate trial and conversion among adult competitive smokers. We produced those allowances as well similarly to Marlboro special blend. So for us, and we’ve talked about this previously, it's a balance between maximizing income while never taking your eye off of Marlboro which is after all the driver of that success from time to time and we don’t look at this necessarily quarter-to-quarter as much as we look at it overtime because if you look how Marlboro has grown overtime that’s how its happen whether it was Marlboro Red in the 50s or Menthol in the 60s or Gold in the 70s or now Black, we grow it overtime that’s how we think about it overtime and guess what it’s been a great contributor to the growth in adjusted EPS that it’s our long-term goal.  So that’s kind of how we think about it Judy and I guess the last thing I would say on it for context is the macro environment is a factor right, we continue to be in an environment out of the great recession where the recovery has been modest at best. Consumers remained under pressure, tobacco consumers remain under pressure. We have to meet the consumers where they are and so in that environment it’s hardly surprising that pricing may be a bit more restrained than in periods where housing is booming and unemployment is low and everybody is feeling good and consumer confidence is high that is not the situation the data tell us otherwise so that’s not to be discouraged about it and there are some signs that it may be improving and we sure hope so, but that’s how we have been thinking about it which is trying to be sensible in that environment following our strategy, maximizing income and keeping Marlboro healthy.
Marty Barrington: Well, I think it’s our job to manage that balance honestly David, that's the short answer which is, if you are trying to maximize income like we are, we want to of course try to do that as best we can. At the same time, you want to make sure that Marlboro is healthy. Marlboro is one fantastic brand right, it’s got high equity, it can command premium pricing, it has high loyalty but it’s not the only brand in the marketplace. And we try to be cognizant of both the macro environment and the competitive environment and our job is to balance that equation. If you look at it, it’s tempting again to look at a sort of within the quarter. But if you look at Marlboro share growth what do we see sure its up in the third quarter, but actually for the nine months what should up, it’s up five-tenths. If you look at it over a longer period of time, but you look at it say from, well I don't know, let's call the end of the third quarter of 2008 to the end of the third quarter of 2012, Marlboro shares up eight-tenths. So eight-tenths over four years, I think we would characterize that as moderate share momentum and I think it shows in the equity and the brand, there shouldn’t be any mistake that pricing is important and it will continue to be important but it is a balance and we are trying to be sensible about how we will do it, I think that's how we think about it.
Marty Barrington: Yeah, I think we are quite confident in the equity of those brands David and there's good reason to be confident in those brands. If you look at Marlboro again, just to take Marlboro before we go to smokeless, remember Marlboro all sells at the same list price, right. So what you see in the marketplace so is the implementation of different promotional allowances to achieve different aims. And we've spoken about this previously with you and others on the calls, but just to take one second, special blend well for example is to make sure that for more price sensitive consumers in the franchise that they have a place to go during this difficult economic period. Your strategic choices obviously are you cannot meet them where they are in your franchise with a big huge brand like Marlboro and you can let them go. We think the better strategy is to have a price point for them within the franchise and retain their business and I think that makes good sense and by the way you see that the margin increases at the Marlboro level again, so we are managing the margin there. If you look at the brand equity components of Marlboro they continue to be extremely small, right. We've shared the TNS scores overtime, it has high brand loyalty. The price gaps were so constant during the worst recession you would have thought that you would have seen an erosion in equity that they wouldn't command those price gaps, they have been absolutely constant during the period. The smokeless business David, of course it’s a different situation right, because we are trying there to grow income by participating in the growth in the category. It’s a growing category unlike cigarette which is a declining category as you well know, so if we can participate in the volume growth there and with Copenhagen and Skoal together gain some share, we can grow our income quite nicely and I think you see that actually over the first nine months in the smokeless business. To be sure, we do have SKUs in the smokeless franchise that are at popular price points as well as having price points there that are mainline and the reason for that is again that's where some of the business is. So we have a competitor that has an offering at a popular price point. We believe that Copenhagen and Skoal can compete there and should compete there; all the while we want to manage the margin at that franchise level if you will and guess what, we've been pretty successful in doing that. Copenhagen and Skoal have grown together very nicely, I mean if I look at it from again, call it say Q3 of ’09 after the acquisition to Q3 ’12 their combined retail share growth is about four points and the margins have expanded all the while. So that's a bit more complex I suppose, but we think that the strategy is right there and again just to return I guess to the core of your question, while we are trying to manage through that environment we are not concerned about the equity of those brands.
Marty Barrington: The latter; I think its part of the natural progression of building the brand. Remember Chris, brands are build in three months. Marlboro Black was launched earlier this year. This is a category in which there are relatively high loyalty rates; people are in the category, like their brands. There are some participating more in the price value equation, but for premium brands, you have to have an offering to persuade someone not to buy the pack that they have been buying in to try yours and that’s the purpose of those promotions, because we believe we’ve got a terrific product, it’s in a terrific pack, it's in a terrific franchise, but we have to offer, we have to raise awareness to begin with. Then we have to send trial and hopefully we will get some conversion. But again, I would point out as you know, these promotional allowances have come down and I think you know what one might conclude from that is, is that those allowances are doing their job. We’ve said previously, we don’t have any desire to have promotional allowances any higher than they need to be to achieve their purpose. I think you should probably read in to that that Marlboro Black is achieving its purpose. We're very happy with that product. We think it's a great addition to the Marlboro franchise. It's got great demographics. It's contributing to the equity. It's a long-term play and that the ultimate success of Marlboro Black, I think it'll be measured over the years not over a quarter or two.
Marty Barrington: Yeah, it doesn’t make, for us it’s kind of washed out over the last nine months Chris, as you know it does add over the course of the year there is just not a lot of difference over the nine month period. Howard referred in his remarks to the fact that there was less depletion in the third quarter which flattened the results a little bit, but it’s not really significant for the nine months.
Marty Barrington: Well, we will see overtime Thilo is the answer. Like you and everyone else I am sure everyone hopes that things are going to improve and if they do obviously we will all take that into account as we look at our promotional allowances; I just don’t know how to predict that going forward.
Marty Barrington: We don’t think about it that way; we are managing the brand in a very different kind of way. We are trying to maximizing coming to category while making sure that Marlboro is healthy. So that’s just a completely different way of looking at it which isn’t ours.
Marty Barrington: Well, I'm not going to comment on profit pools, I’ll just comment on how we think about running our business which is as you know we have the company positioned to participate as a total tobacco company we have this terrific business of PM USA, we have a business at Middleton, we have a great UST smokeless business. So as those companies follow their plans and maximize their income and participate in the way that we described it earlier in the call, we expect obviously that we will do just fine with that. So I would limit my comments to what our plans are maybe and that's supposed to be anything else.
Marty Barrington: No honestly Vivien I wish I could, but it’s really literally weeks so I just don't have anything to give you there I'm sorry. 
Marty Barrington: Well, I mean we've announced our plans for what we are going to do with Marlboro NXT. I think it’s a terrific product; it’s a nice offering, its going to be a nice addition to the Marlboro Black family. Everyone has high hopes for us again, but as you correctly pointed out you have to see what it does in the market. We've got a good plan for it, a good support plan. So I think it will do fine, we just have to see the data.
Marty Barrington: I don't know that I have a comment on that. I would have to maybe Brendan will get back to you. I just don't have the number in front of me. Sorry.
Marty Barrington: Okay. Well innovation is a great topic, thanks for raising it. We don't break out at the sub segment level as you know, but we can observe it right that if you look at innovation in Marlboro, its going through a period really I think of accelerated innovation, isn't it. We've got Marlboro Black which we are very happy with. We've got Marlboro NXT, you remember we have the packaging innovation on Marlboro 83, and while we don’t disclose our pipeline of course, we have excellent brand management teams. It is actually part of the power of the architecture, which we have explained previously.  We have our brand management structure now, aligned against the four product families within Marlboro and each of them is developing excellent plans, not just for this year and next year but beyond, which includes a variety of product ideas, programmatic ideas and the likes.  So we are pretty happy about how Marlboro architecture is rolling out and innovation is a key component of that. 
Marty Barrington: Good question, our strategy of course is while we focus on premium and again more than 90% of PM USA shipments are premium, there is a discount segment in the category of about 27%. We want to make sure we have an offering there and the offering that we have is L&M and it's doing a very nice job there I think.  In some respects, it's taking share that our former discount brand Basic sheds as it raises its price and its margins. Our strategy is obviously to just to have an offering there. Our retailers like for us to have an offering there. There is some business there. We have a competitor obviously it’s got a significant offering there. We want to make sure that we’ve got a competitive offering. So our strategy on L&M is to have that offering there for that purpose and as you’ve seen, this year certainly has been a contributor to volume which is nice.
Marty Barrington: No, I don’t think anybody said that. What we said is, there is a number of ways that you can within the PMUSA business smokeable segment to maximize income there is pricing; there is cost management and the likes. I wouldn’t take that from the comments, and then Howard’s correctly pointing out that the Altria business model which is diversified in, I would argue differentiated from our principal competitors is that there are multiple levers for us to achieve our long term goals of adjusted diluted EPS including our smokeless business and our wine business and our exposure to the SAB alcohol assets and the like, you know its provided us with a number of levers in order to achieve those goals. I think that's where we are trying to communicate if that wasn't clear.
Marty Barrington: Yeah, I think it’s to best explained by the overarching strategy of maintaining modest share for month-to-month. Marlboro while maximizing income out of the smokeable segment, and I think that there is no magic numbers anywhere; you have to look at this, competitively said, you have to look at the environment in any point of time. As long as we are following that strategy, maximizing income and delivering to our shareholders to what they expect that's how we think about.
Marty Barrington: Well, I would refer to the explanation, I gave earlier which is each of those SKUs has a role to play, we have promotional strategies to design to help them achieve the objectives set for those roles and obviously as you know we don't want to spend more promotional dollars than we have to, to achieve them because we are trying to maximize our income there. So I wouldn't think of it as any one moment in time as much as it is promotional allowances that support the strategy of growing those brands.
Marty Barrington: Yeah, I think we've explained that it’s a promotional allowance designed to raise awareness and generate trial and conversion of adult competitive smokers and that's its purpose.
Marty Barrington: Well, we haven't heard anything. I think we've got updates out on the price case but I think that the issue has been brief there Tom and its sitting with the judge and I don't think we've heard anything as of this morning.
Marty Barrington: Yeah, I think what we’ve said Nik is that we’ll be rolling out our investments in that architecture through ‘12 and ‘13.
Marty Barrington: I understand your question. We were I would say plan full about the substantial equivalent stake and so I think we're in pretty shape. Obviously the other dimension to your question is, in light for the FDA obviously to start moving on substantial equivalents because people have applications that are pending and I think that’s a fair request. They're building out their structure over there and they’ve made comments about how they’re going about that. I would expect that overtime you are going to see the FDA start to rule. So I just wouldn’t want to leave anyone with the impression. I don't think that there is going to be some sort of a magic date and if you are in before you are okay and after that you are not. I think that will probably result overtime.
Marty Barrington: Yeah, thanks for asking that question. The strategy is not changing Nik. We have been very successful at doing what we are doing. I think again as I mentioned once or twice this morning I think it looks, it depends in some respect to how you look the time period sure enough if you look at the quarterly comparison it’s a 100 basis points. If you look at it over the nine month period its five-tenths if you look at over a four year periods it’s eight-tenths. I think that’s consistent with how we have been taken about that overtime and we have no intention of changing that, it’s been enormously successful for Altria. 
Marty Barrington: Well, I am going to go back to what I have said Andrew, which is we’ve got two plans in place. We take everything into account when we put them in place and we are going to execute against our plans which are consistent with the strategy on that. I have outlined and certainly I wouldn’t comment on what we might or might not do going forward, we are going to stick to our netting.
Marty Barrington: I think Marlboro has got a big reach. It appeals to lots of adult smokers, its proven that, not just recently but over decades as you've seen the charge with how the brand grows first with Red and Menthol and Gold and Black. It’s a big brand, it’s got a lot of room for a lot of flavor segments, it’s got a room for a lot of adult smokers and that's how we think about it as opposed to one particular segment or another.
Marty Barrington: Thank you for your questions. We've explained previously I think that the Marlboro architecture is the next evolution really in how that brand which has grown over time can continue to grow into the future, and we have a product families in it, Red, Green, Gold and Black, we've set up our SKUs at retail so that its much more evident to an adult smoker when they walk in what the Marlboro architecture looks like. We have our brand teams arranged around that. It actually provides some room for the brand to operate. Remember it’s about a 42 share brand, so it’s really up if you will while they are all Marlboro and they all stand to where, or come to where the flavor is. They do have slightly different positions and we want to give Marlboro the license if you will to reach out to all the smokers who want to be in the franchise. It’s a terrific brand with great equity and great premium pricing and we believe that the architecture is the next logical step about how to grow that brand over time and you will see that played out in the marketplace through products and programs and at retail when we like. We are aware of the developments in each cigarettes, it probably represents what we already know which is that there are some adult smokers who are looking for alternatives in the tobacco space and some of them have gone to e-cigarettes as an exploration at least about whether that's going to be for them and that's a situation obviously that we monitor closely and we will keep an eye on that.
Howard Willard: Yeah, well as you know that's a calculation we do on a pre-regular basis; we certainly revisit that in any case of the fourth quarter. So I think we will wait and see; I think when you look at Copenhagen and Skoal, they have had quite nice growth over the time since the acquisition, but obviously Copenhagen has have the stronger share than the Skoal. So we’re certainly doing those kinds of calculations and if we end up in an impairment situation we will certainly let you know, but that's how we do quite regularly.
Howard Willard: Well, the primary driver of the impairment tax is really income; and if looking and what the expected income is out into the future and comparing that to the valuations that were used in valuing the trade marks at the time of the acquisition. So income is the bigger driver than either share or volume.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think Marty just referred to the strategy for the smokeable business. I think when we look at the overall company, we’ve talked about our longer term objective of growing our EPS 7% to 9%, and certainly there we have multiple levers. Certainly the biggest contributor is the smokeable business, but we’ve also seen nice contributions from our investment in SABMiller as well as the smokeless business and some of the other areas and you importantly point out that as a result of the tendered refinancing we did this year, we expect to see a reduction in interest expense. But when we think about our overall EPS growth, I think we look at really all of those levers as opportunities to increase EPS overtime. 
Howard Willard: Yeah, I think if you are asking do we have the ability to do what we did this year into the future and I would say that, that's certainly an option. But its just one of many options we have in thinking about how to use our cash and how to reduce our effective interest rate and I think we will make those decisions as the year progresses.
Howard Willard: Yeah, I think you raised an important point which is as the discount rate has continued to trend downward this year that does have an impact on our pension costs and that's something we are looking at quite carefully. I'm pleased to say though that as you look at the overall market performance this year, the market performance has been a bit more positive than its been in some years in the past. So there's some offset there but that's certainly something we are looking at quite closely because both of those factors are going to have an impact on pension expense going forward.
Howard Willard: Yeah, I mean if you look at the discount share that we spoke about was 27.4% in the prior year quarter it was 27.9%. So it’s come down modestly. 
Howard Willard: Yes, the way we define discount is we have a set of brands that we identify as discount brands and it does not include or promoted on premium brand volume.
Howard Willard: Well, I hesitate to make a statement of what we might to do in the future on something like this, but I can tell you it certainly not something we’ve considered. This has been the way we define discount for quite sometime and to me as this times it seems quite logical.
Howard Willard: We continue to make progress on the cost reduction program and we are really on track for $400 million in savings by the end of next year.
