Michael E. Szymanczyk: On the architecture. Well, we did some very specific consumer research relative to this architecture. It's not the kind of thing that you would market test because it would be pretty hard to read it among all the noise that exists in the market. But you really rely more on the consumer research relative to communication around the segments and the particular audiences that each segment's designed to appeal to. And yes, we did research that before we decided to move to this architecture. I hope that answers your question.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, there were some inventory movement downward -- wholesale inventory movement and a little bit of retail inventory movement downward in the first quarter; not wholly unexpected. So we kind of, I think, said at the end of the year in the fourth quarter that our inventory levels for the fourth quarter of '11 were pretty much in line with where they were in the prior year. And then they've dropped a bit as we've gone to the first quarter. You expect some permanent inventory loss relative to the cigarette business because the business has a decline rate associated with it that's ongoing. And then there are movements in inventory that are driven by various wholesaler activities and needs that are less predictable. It's hard to quantify how much of this is permanent and how much is kind of sporadic movement. But I think most of it's probably sporadic movement. I don't think we're expecting to see any real changes in wholesale inventory levels beyond what you predict just from the normal industry change.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I think that's kind of competitively sensitive information. So I could be somewhat reluctant to talk about that in any detail. We will -- because Marlboro Black is 1 of the 4 core segments for Marlboro going forward, we have initiatives and activities planned for it. So that will be ongoing. We won't run introductory trial levels on the product at the same level we've done early on as a continuum. But the objective will be to build that franchise over time. So we will have ongoing activities there and we'll have activities in the other 3 segments as well, so all the focus won’t be on Black. Part of the limit to this architecture is it really allows each one of these areas to pursue the consumer group that it matches up to best in its own way. So you can expect to see ongoing activity on Marlboro Black.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: We're not finished with Black yet. So I can't speak to some finality on Black. We're still in the introductory phase of Marlboro Black. And we'll have activities going on in Marlboro Black all year.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Yes. Well, I didn't think that we saw a real meaningfully different competitive environment in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. And I also don't think we saw any dynamic change in key segments in the category. I mean, the discount segment declined a little bit in favor of the premium segment. But all 3 of the major premium brands grew some shares, so you would expect to see a little bit of that. There was continued interplay in the discount level as pricing changed on various brands and retailers had activities focused in the discount area where there's less equity and the shifting between brands is more driven by price. Most of L&M's year-over-year share gain occurred in 2011 at a modest share increase, the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, and that continues to really represent some recovery from basic share that we lost. So I just can't tell you that we saw lots of dynamic change. Now look, we're installing a major equity initiative on Marlboro that will continue for a while. And it's established some of the new architecture. The launching of an element of that architecture. And so we made some investment relative to that, which is to be expected. That's part of what we've said all along is the way we'll run the business. And I'll remind you of what our goals are here. We've said we want to maximize income and maintain modest share momentum over time. And I think we've been pretty explicit about saying we really don't want to chase share with pricing. We want to spend money to build long-term equity initiatives. And so the architecture on Marlboro and Marlboro Black, those things are long-term equity initiatives and they're worthy of investment because that's the way we'll be able to accrue increased revenue over time from the brand and grow overall profitability. So that's kind of the way we see it. I don't see it as a particularly unusual thing, nor do I see the kinds of introductory activity or the way we're approaching it to be in any way out of sorts versus what you'd expect in the packaged goods business on big brands and the way they're run.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: No, I'm not going to give out those specific numbers. But once again, I think if you look at the overall smokable business what you're going to see, Judy, is that hey, we had some nice margin expansion in that business. And we had what we would say for a period of time where we had inventory depletions and we had investment behind new brand architecture, we had nice income growth. And I think that's really what we're looking at.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I don't know. We can't predict the future and this stuff ebbs and flows based on market conditions and based on taxes and all kinds of things like that. So there's also some, I think, interplay between the smokable segment and the smokeless segment. And so we're seeing a little more moderate growth rate in the smokable segment. At the same time, we've seen more modest declines in the smokable segments, so all of that seems to tie together pretty well. I don't think there's much that's new here relative to the behaviors among consumers related to these tobacco segments.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, we do audit them as part of our brand equity study, and I think we shared with you in February at CAGNY that when you look at Special Blend as an example, it actually gets higher equity scores than the already high scores that the Marlboro franchise gets. So we pay pretty close attention to those things, because ultimately, our objective is going to be have the whole platform be able to continue to grow and have value over time. So we do keep a pretty close eye on that.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, you get with any of these things you get some slippage. So you're going to get some incremental share growth just like we got behind special blend, and then you're going to have some of it that is simply promotion sensitive consumers that shift around between promotional products that are available on our brands and on competitor brands. And so that slippage kind of will go away. But net out of that is we typically get a gain in both share and revenue and profit growth when we do these kinds of things.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I can't anticipate what the competitors are going to do, but I think that the market remains competitive. But you may recall we showed you a chart at the CAGNY presentation that showed net effective price and the relationship between Marlboro and its key competitors, including some key discount competitors. And I can tell you that through the first quarter, those relationships didn't change at all. So that factors in all promotion, and there just wasn't any movement there in terms of the relationship between those products.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, volume in the first quarter is a little bit difficult to read because there are several factors that affected the quarterly volumes. So I wouldn't get too caught up in it. When we look at it on an adjusted basis, we think that the volumes were on a little bit ahead of the industry volume or the industry growth rate for the smokeless business. Just a word about Copenhagen and Skoal; we look at these 2 brands together. And I think over time, both of these brands are going to be successful. They -- actually having 2 of them with some significant scale gives us some good opportunities from a competitive point of view to strategically approach the marketplace. But we're looking at the total between these 2 brands. And I think you can expect over time to see one or the other being more active and growing more because we will be doing things on these brands differently over time. And they won't necessarily both grow at even rates. And in the end, it will be the total that will be most interested and that's the way we're looking at the business. Skoal has been pretty stable here and it's still facing headwinds from the discontinuation of some SKUs. And I think Copenhagen is growing really quite nicely, and Skoal is having to compete with that, but Skoal's time is going to come as well and I think the collective performance of these 2 brands is going to be quite good.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: No, I don't think so. I think we felt like Marlboro performed pretty well in the first quarter. It was up. I mean, you have to really look at where it landed for the year and it was in pretty good position relative to that. After the launch period of Marlboro Black and this architecture activity is just getting started really in terms of playing out with the consumer. So I think we feel pretty good about Marlboro and where we're headed with it. I mean remember, the goal here is to maximize income and get modest share momentum over time. So we're not looking for huge share gains in short periods of time on this brand. And as I mentioned a minute ago, it's difficult to launch things and go into the marketplace without having some slippage due to spinning in the marketplace and getting some business that really isn't going to be long-term business. But that's part of what you have to do in order to build a franchise for the long-term. So we accept that we've got some of that going on. I feel few pretty good about Marlboro, and I think we're just getting started with our architecture. I think we're very optimistic about Marlboro's prospects for the future.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, we obviously research these things and Marlboro Red has a very loyal franchise that likes that product. So we wouldn't anticipate that we're going to get a large amount of cannibalization.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, we got an introductory program for EIGHTY-THREES, it's a bit different. I'm not going to describe it because I'd rather -- my competitors have to figure it out. But it's a bit different than, for example, the Black launch.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I think it's a lot factors. I think what retailers decided to do from a pricing point of view is certainly a factor. The competitive marketplace is a factor. So I think that it's influenced by a number of things.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, in the context of the Marlboro architecture, there are -- there's a Special Blend in the Red line, there's a Special Blend in the Gold line of this proposition. So if you look at these 4 families in the Marlboro architecture, Special Blend exists within those families as a part of the architecture. It doesn't exist as a singular line of products.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Yes, absolutely. Marlboro Special Blend has been subject to the same list price increases that everything else in the Marlboro line.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, the answer to that question is the answer I just gave you. We're taking these price increases and we always realize part of those price increases to the company's profitability.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Yes. Some of that has come through in the first quarter in a number of the different cost elements in selling, general and administrative. But you should expect to see more as the year unfolds.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I think what we see our trade programs do is they certainly have many retailers competing aggressively using Marlboro as a vehicle to compete with. And sometimes, that has some bearing on pricing.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: It's really kind of lacking what occurred in 2011 where we had some distribution expansion of L&M throughout the year of 2011, as we were kind of replacing some of the lost basic shares. So it built out a pretty good level by the -- into the fourth quarter, and it picked up a 0.10 in the first quarter. But not with any real change in anything that we were doing.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, that's what it's running at. I mean, we can't predict the future. But this category has kind of run in 5% to 6% range and you're always estimating these things will dip, and there's some interplay between it in the smokable segment. But that seems to be a reasonable range to think about, I guess.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I think that we see some competitive consumers that have some interest in Marlboro that may have been buying competitive products, not necessarily discount products, but competitive other premium brands. Finding some of these SKU expansions that we've done to be products that they like and that's how we sustain share growth on the brand. That's one of the reasons why we've articulated this past -- in the past, why we think some of the SKU work that we've done over time is important to the brand because it allows us to reach out to a broader universe of adult tobacco consumers. Because essentially, your mainline products get of sufficient size and have had broad base trial and some consumers are not buying them because they don't like those particular products. And so maybe they like the Marlboro franchise, they just don't like that set of products and so you try and reach out to them with something that they find more appealing.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I don't know how to predict just going forward in the future what it's going to be. So it's kind of something I would hesitate to try to comment on.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I think our objective is we've said before is to have volume growth in this growing category that's slightly ahead of the category and that will be driven by modest share growth and we already have very nice margins in this category. And so if you put all that together, what you should expect is to see, we'd like to see income growth in the category that is kind of running a bit ahead of the overall category growth rate. And so far, we feel pretty good about what we've been able to achieve in this business. And I think sometimes, it's difficult for people outside it to understand this, but we've gotten really substantial synergy to have in this business and that has benefited our other businesses. And we also have substantial R&D opportunities related to this business that we believe long term also will add growth to the company. So I think that we look very favorably on the prospects and contributions from our smokeless business.
Howard A. Willard: Well no, we haven't. We don't usually break out the individual segments of Marlboro. But as I said in my remarks, we're pretty pleased with Marlboro Black so far. We recognize that some of that was driven by introductory support. But that's okay, that's part of introducing a new product. And we're pretty pleased with the rest of the franchise as well.
Howard A. Willard: I don't know if I'd quantify it, but I would say there's nothing unusual about it, okay? It's not an abnormally high level. I mean, we have a promotion level and we have trial events for adult smokers that are more limited in terms of their quantity and duration. So both of those things are typical as part of a new product launch. So there's nothing really I would say that's exceptional or meaningfully different about Marlboro Black's introductory plan from things that we've done in the past.
Howard A. Willard: Well as you know, that's been an issue that's ongoing. But if you look of the impact of our financial statements, really the impact of the charge was really reflected in the second quarter of last year. And through the end of this quarter, we estimate that the future cash outflow for that is about $600 million. With regard to the timing, obviously we've got a lot of activity going on with regard to that litigation. I think the timing of that cash outflow is going to depend on a number of future activities.
Howard A. Willard: Yes. I think you'll see some of the savings flow through that line, but a lot of the savings are really going to flow through the costs that are allocated to the various tobacco businesses, particularly the smokable business because that's where a lot of the activity is focused. And that will unfold as the year progresses.
