Billy Gifford: Just quickly before we turn it over to the Q&A, I just want to apologize to those of you on the webcast for some audio issues we had early on in the call. So we will work to expedite the posting of our replay, so you'll have full access to the remarks. So with that, we'll turn to Q&A. 
Billy Gifford: Yes, thanks for the question Pamela. I think when you think about it, and we’ve discussed this a little bit in the first quarter, but I think it's worth a reminder. Remember, in the COVID pandemic, we actually saw what we believe added nicotine occasions to adult smokers day. As we came out of the COVID pandemic and you saw mobility increase, you would expect some of those nicotine occasions to come back out of their day. And I think that was exacerbated by the cumulative effect of inflation.  So we had nicotine occasions coming back out of their day and exacerbated by cumulative inflation. So when you think about it, I think it's best to go back in history a bit and look at similar occurrences where the adult tobacco consumer was under extreme economic pressure. And you can look at ’08, ’09 and you see similar occurrences there. What we see with the adult cigarette consumers, it takes a bit of time for them to adjust to their new situation. And you see typically, and we saw it in ’08, ’09 and ’01, ’02, the consumer returned to their basic normal nicotine occasions in the day.  So I think what we're seeing right now, even though inflation is coming down on a cumulative basis, it's still growing. So the consumer is still under economic pressure. You recall that in the first quarter we put some extra investments behind a couple of pockets of areas where we saw a competitor get aggressive with menthol offerings, and where we saw the consumer under pressure and looking to discount. And you see we're extremely pleased with the results of those investments as Marlboro picked up a tenth quarter-over-quarter. 
Billy Gifford: Yes, thanks for the question. You're right. There was a month in the results for the quarter, and now we've surpassed another month. Our focus will be on the pod-based product, the ACE NJOY, and you heard my remarks, filling distribution gaps as well as visibility.  Just to characterize that, only 3,000 stores currently in distribution carry all top three ACE pod SKUs and about 10,000 stores carry the pods but no devices. So the focus will be both, on filling those distribution gaps and improving visibility, while at the same time enhancing Ace's brand equity to increase both brand awareness and appeal amongst adult smokers and vapors. 
Billy Gifford: Yes, I won't go into details just for competitive reasons. Certainly we'll be, as I mentioned, really enhancing the brand equity to increase awareness amongst both adult vapors and adult cigarette consumers, and then we'll be looking for distribution. So both, filling distribution gaps, as well as improving the visibility of ACE in stores where it's currently distributed and then expanding to new stores. 
A - Billy Gifford: Well, certainly we’ve highlighted for you Bonnie that we'll be investing behind the NJOY brand as we expand distribution and have equity spending. I think the other thing is, look, the economy is very dynamic right now, and we've highlighted for you that the adult cigarette consumer is under extreme pressures, and we want the flexibility to adapt to them and be there for our consumers if necessary. So I think we'll see how the economy progresses and we'll see how the adult cigarette consumer returns to, if you will, more of a comfortable position from an economic standpoint. 
A - Billy Gifford: Yes, thanks. And I'll be careful to not talk about future pricing, but I think you can see like going from first to second quarter. We highlighted for you some areas of where we thought additional investment was necessary and you saw the significant result of those Marlboro increasing a tent sequentially.  So we want that flexibility, but I would remind you that the RGM tools, so that price gap that you're seeing is on a national basis, and the RGM tools that we have in the advanced analytics allows us to monitor that price gap down to a very, very low level and we can be efficient with spend and even move spend around if necessary, around the U.S.  So that's how we're thinking about it. From a standpoint of Marlboro itself, you see it continues to grow in the premium segment. It's performing very well. And as I highlighted for Pamela, we've seen instances of this in the history of when the consumer is under pressure that you see discount grow, you see premium from a total industry perspective, and then you see that moderate through time. 
A - Billy Gifford: Look, we think that's an addition to our portfolio. It certainly gives the Marlboro team – it rounds out the Black portfolio. The Marlboro Black, the family has been around a while. We saw this as a gap in that portfolio and we filled that. So from a standpoint of overall Marlboro Black, you can think about that as about 10% of Marlboro, and it certainly gives the consumer a safe place or a place to land if they are under economic pressure.  And as you've seen previously, when we use tools like this, we're able to shrink the gap to mainline through times. So it's about keeping mainline very strong, which we're very pleased that it is, and then having a place for the Marlboro consumer, because Marlboro is still the aspirational brand in the cigarette category. Having a place for them to land when they are under economic pressure, and as the situation changes, we can shrink that gap to mainline. 
A - Billy Gifford: Yes, I wouldn't think of it as more volume under promotional. I think it's being more efficient and effective with that promotional spend. It's trying to get it to the individual consumers as close as we can get to that, that needs it, while not subsidizing adult cigarette consumers that don't need it. And I think you've seen that with both, the growth of Marlboro in the premium space, the investments we made first to second as Marlboro [ph] has the 10th sequentially bump and the price realization we're experiencing in the cigarette space. 
A - Billy Gifford: Yes, I think from a distribution we've got it in the stores and while you may see small fluctuations as we decide if we want to add additional stores and distribution, but we've got it to where we want it. You’ll recall we were capacity constrained from a manufacturing basis where beyond that it continues to grow.  I would say that growth as we move forward, as it continues, even though we've been talking about it and you guys have been talking about it for a while, it's still fairly new to the consumer. So it is continuing to drive awareness and specifically trial. Once the consumer tries it, they enjoy the product. So that's where the growth will come as the success in achieving new consumers to the category as they transition.  I think when you think about that transition through time, it's important to remember that you're looking at the consumer, specifically dippers that are moving currently in large amounts, but it's also talking to the cigarette consumer and it allows oral tobacco product to be available to consumers that previously rejected moist smokeless tobacco. 
A - Billy Gifford: Yes, I don't know if I would specifically attribute it to increased promo. As we've highlighted for you, the adult cigarette consumer in the U.S. is really under economic pressure and so you look to certainly give them places to land, specifically in Marlboro a place to land, where they can continue to engage with Marlboro. We see that as both, less expensive versus than leaving and returning, and we've been successful with that in the past, and I think you see the result first to second quarter. 
A - Billy Gifford: Yes, I think its continued engagement, both with congress as well as the FDA, so really making this their top priority. You saw under aged use of e-vapor come down, but it's essential that the FDA really focused on enforcement, its illicit products in the marketplace with flavors that are not authorized.  And so you saw in the most recent national youth tobacco survey that the most popular product with youth following was in the list of products in the marketplace. Now they have started stepping up their enforcement, but it needs to be more vigorous in the marketplace. Even if they would just publish a list of those products that are authorized and those that are under review, it would certainly level stuff at the trade, because the enforcement that they are doing while encouraging isn't enough to change what the marketplace is – what we're experiencing in the marketplace.
A - Billy Gifford: Yes, so let's break that down. So the first part, I think if you think about the e-vapor category, certainly there's a large pod base of consumers and so we certainly see that as an opportunity. And you heard in the remarks, you know the NJOY ACE is the only pod that has received FDA authorization.  When you think about the disposable side, the growth, at least what we're seeing in the marketplace is with the factor of flavors that are illicitly in the marketplace. So as the FDA certainly steps up enforcement and we see enforcement take place and those illicit products come out of the marketplace, we see the potential again, because NJOY was able to receive authorization for their disposable, the opportunity for growth in that space.  But we feel like the appropriate focus is on that large pod base, consumer base, until the illicit plethora of flavors and the flavors that are illicitly in the marketplace are cleaned up.  From a standpoint of the age restriction I think you were referring to, you know we just recently closed it and we're excited about that technology. We're assessing the timing of following that. You know we would have a target in mind by the end of this year. But I think what's so exciting about it is it's the regulatory team that we certainly welcome onboard from the NJOY that was – that successfully navigated it. It’s the only pod based product that has navigated the regulatory. So we're excited. They had started the application and again, we would target following that by the end of the year. 
A - Billy Gifford: Sure. We believe that the litigation against us is meritless and we're vigorously looking to respond to that. If we step back from it, we think it's interesting that Juul only brought the suit after we completed the acquisition. The litigation, if you think about it from a standpoint of the merits of it, it really feels like a bit of an active desperation if you will. The spiteful competition is really from the only pod based product that the FDA has determined appropriate for the protection of public health. So we see it as meritless. 
A - Billy Gifford: Yes, the focus currently as we mentioned, you know still in the distribution gaps on the existing stores in the U.S., expanding distributions to approximately 70,000 stores by the end of this year, and we'll come back to you on international, and any international plans when it's appropriate. 
