Martin J. Barrington: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning everyone. Altria delivered excellent second quarter and first half results, allowing us to raise our 2015 full year guidance earlier this morning. We grew adjusted diluted earnings per share almost 14% in the second quarter and more than 13% for the first half of 2015 with a very strong performance from the smokeable product segment and solid contributions across our other businesses. The smokeable segment continues to perform extremely well. Adjusted operating companies income grew almost 16% in the second quarter and more than 14% for the first half on very strong fundamentals. Marlboro delivered 0.3% of retail share growth in both the second quarter and the first half of 2015. When adjusted for trade inventory changes and other factors, PM USA estimates its volume grew approximately 1% in the second quarter and 0.5 percentage for the first half. An improvement in the industry's rate of volume decline and retail share gains supported by relatively low gas prices and an improving economy drove PM USA's strong volume performance. In addition, strong net price realization and cost savings from the expiration of FETRA payments contributed to the double-digit adjusted OCI growth. In smokeless products, adjusted OCI grew 4.2% in the second quarter and 4.6% for the first half of 2015. USSTC's estimate of smokeless industry volumes showed near-term improvement with growth over the past 12 months of approximately 3%. This upturn in industry volume stems from similar economic factors as I've described in the smokeable product segment and adult tobacco consumers' continued exploration across tobacco categories. After adjusting for trade inventory changes and other factors, U.S.STC estimates its smokeless volume increased 2.5% in both the second quarter and the first half of 2015. U.S.STC grew combined Copenhagen and Skoal share 0.1% in the second quarter and 0.3% for the first half to 51.1% in both periods, in line with its strategy. In the wine segment, volume growth also helped drive another very strong performance from Ste. Michelle. Second quarter OCI increased 25% with volumes increasing nearly 9%, and for the first half, OCI grew 24%. In innovative tobacco products, MarkTen XL entered several lead markets in April. And while it's still very early, the results are encouraging. Nu Mark also expanded Green Smoke e-vapor products into retail lead markets in June. We're also continuing to complement our capabilities by partnering with others on innovative tobacco products. As we announced recently, we expanded our agreement with Philip Morris International to include a joint research, development and technology sharing agreement. As part of the agreement, Altria and PMI will collaborate to develop e-vapor products for commercialization in the U.S. by Altria and in markets abroad by PMI. This supplements the agreement with PMI that we announced in 2013 and is the latest step in our ongoing portfolio approach to innovative product development and commercialization. And of course, we continue to deliver value to shareholders. We paid approximately $2 billion in dividends in the first half of 2015. We also recently completed our $1 billion share repurchase program, purchasing approximately $263 million in shares in the second quarter and the remaining $63 million in July. In addition, Altria's board has authorized a new $1 billion program which we expect to complete by the end of 2016. So in summary, we're very happy with our first half performance, and the investments we've made and are making behind our company's brands continue to pay dividends. We remain confident in our strategies and in our ability to deliver long-term value to shareholders. Thus, we now expect to deliver adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in a range of $2.76 to $2.81, representing growth of 7.5% to 9.5% from our 2014 adjusted diluted EPS base of $2.57. Our guidance reflects a very successful first half and expectations that our businesses will continue to deliver solid results. It also reflects more moderate adjusted diluted EPS growth in the second half of 2015 due to several factors. These include lapping the effects of the improvements in the economy for adult tobacco consumers and lower gasoline prices, expected trade inventory movements and the effect of state excise tax increases. And the comparative benefit from the expiration of the federal tobacco quota buyout payments ends in the fourth quarter, and we now estimate our full year effective tax rate on operations will be 35.3%. Now I'll turn things over to Billy, who will give us some more detail.
Martin J. Barrington: Chris, I think you're right to believe that the inventories will smooth themselves out in the back half. You know, for PM U.S.A, as you know, generally they do smooth themselves out over the course of the year. Billy has called out the inventory movements that we saw in the quarter, and so on a comparative basis we benefited from that in the second quarter and those should smooth themselves out.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, let me try provide you some help on that. What we're trying the do is we discussed at some length I think at Investors' Day is to make sure that we're getting the product right. And so we have I think a very significantly improved product in MarkTen XL. The Green Smoke product is an excellent product. And so Chris, we're trying to get those out in lead markets. We're trying to do the promotion that's necessary to get trial on those products, learn whether we've got the product proposition right. As we've said before, we want to move forward with dispatch, but we want to do that in a financially disciplined way and we always want to be learning from the consumer. And the way you do that is you put these new kinds of products in market and you let the consumer guide your way forward. That's how we're thinking about both of those lead markets right now.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay, well, let me try to give you some context for that. I mean to begin, the guidance that we have now for 2015 is above our long-term growth aspiration of 7% to 9%. Indeed, I think it's the highest that it's been in some period of time. So there's no question that we are having a strong year. We're very pleased with the performance of the business. So I think we should begin with that. But we grew 13% in the first half, and so we've recognized that we're starting to lap some benefits that likely contributed for example to the volume. So we know that the consumer, the adult tobacco consumer, began to feel better in the back half of the year. We had the sharp drop in gasoline prices, and that's going to be lapped in the back half. Billy has called out the end of FETRA payments in the fourth quarter. We're going to have an increase in our tax rate. And so those kind of benefits have all been taken into account. As we said regularly when we've talked about guidance, it's always a series of puts and takes. And in addition, we have some excise tax increases that we're going to have to see. So we think that represents our best judgment. I think it's a very strong performance, 7.5% to 9.5% off of a already high Altria base. So that's the way we're thinking about it for the second half.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. Good questions. Thanks. Let me take the second one first, because it's easiest. We do have lots of innovation in the Marlboro pipeline, but we're not prepared to announce it this morning. So I will announce it in due course. Listen, the fact on Marlboro is Marlboro is strong across the franchise. The Marlboro architecture has done its work and continues to do its work. So we are strong both at the core, and we are strong on the innovative products that you've made reference to. And in particular, Marlboro Black just continues to do gangbusters. It's the eighteenth quarter in a row that we've gained share there. It's doing a very nice job in the important 21 to 29 segment. So we're very pleased with total Marlboro. And I think Marlboro is performing as well as we've seen it, record share this quarter.
Martin J. Barrington: No, I think it's more the lapping effect, Vivien, for us. I mean, there's no question that the adult tobacco consumer is stronger in 2015 as I think we predicted earlier in the year. We're getting some moderate benefit from that. We're simply pointing out that for example, does anybody think there's going to be another $0.80 drop in gasoline prices in the second half of 2015 compared to what happened to gasoline prices in 2014. So we're merely pointing out the comparative effect of 2014 over 2015. But to be clear, we think that the adult tobacco consumer continues to feel better. Housing starts are up. Unemployment is down. Consumer confidence, aside from maybe a little squiggle yesterday, consumer confidence is over 100. That all bodes well for the consumer.
Martin J. Barrington: I sure hope so. And you're right that the premium segment has never been stronger. I saw a number the other day, I think it's as high as it's been in the last 15 years. And that's good for us because of our premium positioning. It's great for Marlboro. There's no question that there's been some uptrading across CPDG generally when you look at the data, as you know, and certainly that has been true for our franchise. So you would hope and expect that will continue as long as the adult tobacco consumer continues to feel like they're in a better economic circumstance.
Martin J. Barrington: And on vapor, we're going to be in investment mode for a while. The category is early. I made reference earlier I think to product development, building distribution, building the brand. So we'd expect that this is going to be an investment category for us.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes. I think L&M is consolidating share in the declining discount segment. That segment goes down, which of course for us is fine because we're in the premium end of the business, but L&M is a terrific offering for adult tobacco consumers there and it's picking up share in that segment.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, we're continuing to work very hard with PMI on iQOS, and I would say there's two tracks, Michael. The first track is the FDA track. The first milestone there will be the filing of an application to seek a claim on that, and then hopefully the second milestone will be the approval of that claim. Meanwhile and contemporaneously we are working on marketing plans and go-to-market strategies, packaging, branding. We're doing that work side by side so that we'll be ready hopefully to go when the FDA approves an application.
Martin J. Barrington: You know, that's a nice try to get me to talk about the quarter that's not yet done, Michael. So just hang on for me, will you, and we'll talk about Q3 when we get to Q3.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, we'll have to see over the next six months. I mean you know our strategy is we're trying to maximize income, so from a manufacturer's pricing point of view, we're always trying to do our part on pricing and you see that with pricing up nearly 5% for the first half. So the SETs do have some effect, of course. I think the estimate of the volume of the SETs we've seen is it's on about 10% of the volume and the rates varied kind of widely. So we'll have to see what the effect of that is. And then of course, pricing at retail ultimately is up to the retailers and the strategies that they employ in the cigarette category. So we're focused obviously on manufacturer profitability, and I think we've been doing a pretty good job lately in that regard.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Good questions both. I think tobacco consumers are trying different categories and you have to measure these things over time. And so if you look, it was growing at about 5.5%. This is industry volume. It fell back to about 2% and now we've seen an uptick to 3%. So some of that probably is due to both movement of dual users between combustible products and smokeless products, as well as people experimenting with vapor and a few people sticking with vapor. So those are probably the right factors to think about there. Listen, Copenhagen is doing terrific work and I think that we're on the path to stabilizing Skoal. Our strategy is to grow them together and actually we did that. So you can see it grew 0.3% for the half for share together and actually and their combined volume was higher than our estimate for industry volume. So Copenhagen is a terrific brand. Skoal has a little bit of a harder job in that it has to compete with its principal competitor and it competes with Copenhagen. And so we've been working on the value equation and we're encouraged by what we've seen there. I think the way to think about this is the long-term strategy is well in place and it continues to deliver. You see the income growth for the half.
