Sal Mancuso: Thanks, Billy. Let me begin by providing some additional color on the smokeable products segment. The segment achieved strong net price realization of 5.9% for the third quarter and 7.1% for the first nine months. The segment's top line performance has been aided by PM USA's revenue growth management framework, which enables the business to more efficiently and effectively deploy its promotional resources.  Segment adjusted OCI margins expanded over 2 percentage points in the third quarter to 57.5% as higher pricing and lower costs more than offset higher promotional investments and higher resolution expenses. For the first nine months, adjusted OCI margins were 56.9%, a 2.5 percentage point increase over the same period in 2019.  In cigars, Middleton has performed exceptionally well this year, and has been a valuable contributor to smokeable segment adjusted OCI growth. Reported cigar shipment volumes increased 7% in the first nine months of the year and Black & Mild remains the leading tipped cigar brand.  Last month, Middleton expanded the Black & Mild Aroma Rewards program, which allows cigar smokers nationwide, the ability to earn points on specialty marked Black & Mild packs. The points can be redeemed online for items such as mobile coupons and gift cards. Middleton is successfully navigating the regulatory environment and has received market orders or exemptions from the FDA covering over 97% of this volume.  Turning to non-combustibles. Our oral tobacco products segment continues to deliver excellent financial results. Segment adjusted OCI increased by 4.3% in the third quarter and by 8.3% for the first nine months, primarily driven by higher pricing, partially offset by investments in on!. Oral Tobacco segment reported volumes decreased by 1.1% in the third quarter. When adjusted for calendar differences, trade inventory movements and other factors, estimated segment volumes increased by 4%; and for the first nine months, we estimate that oral tobacco segment volumes increased by 1.5% on an adjusted basis. Adjusted OCI margins for the oral tobacco segment increased by 0.6 percentage points in the third quarter. For the first nine months, segment adjusted OCI margins were essentially unchanged versus the prior year, as investments in on! offset margin expansion in our traditional MST business. We expect to continue our investments behind on! and we remain very pleased with the segment's strong adjusted OCI margin performance. Third quarter retail share for the oral tobacco segment was 49.9%. Copenhagen's category-leading retail share declined two percentage points to 31.8% and its year-over-year performance continues to reflect increased tobacco consumer adoption of oral nicotine pouches. Turning to our alcohol assets, 2020 has been a challenging year for both Ste. Michelle and ABI. Our thoughts and support are with Ste. Michelle's employees and their families as they deal with the tragic impact of the West Coast wildfires. We've made donations to several disaster recovery funds, including the American Red Cross and local foundations and started an employee giving campaign to support the relief efforts. In beer, we recorded $95 million of adjusted equity earnings in the third quarter, representing Altria's share of ABI's second quarter 2020 results and a decrease of more than 58% from the same period last year. For the first nine months of the year, we've recorded $383 million in adjusted equity earnings, down more than 41% from the same period in 2019, due to the impact of COVID-19 on ABI's underlying results. Moving to capital allocation. Our balance sheet remains strong and our tobacco businesses are highly cash generative. Our Board of Directors declared a dividend increase during the third quarter, representing Altria's 55th increase in the past 51 years. Our current annualized dividend rate is $3.44 per share, a 2.4% increase versus our previous rate. Dividends remain our primary vehicle for returning cash to shareholders and our long-term objective is a dividend target payout ratio of approximately 80% of adjusted diluted earnings per share. With that, we'll wrap up, and Billy and I will be happy to take your questions. While the calls are being compiled, I'll remind you that today's earnings release and our non-GAAP reconciliations are available on altria.com. We've also posted our usual quarterly metrics, which include pricing, inventory and other items.
Sal Mancuso: Good morning. This is Sal. Thank you for that question. In terms of the ABI shares, you are absolutely correct, the lockup on the shares do expire October of 2021. And the way I would articulate this is, as we did with the SAB transaction and really other capital allocation decisions, we'll perform our analysis and determine if maintaining interest in ABI is the best use of capital. While 2020 has been a challenging year, over time, our investment in both SAB and ABI has been beneficial. And you are correct in terms of capital gains offsetting capital losses. So I think your comment there is correct. That would be one of the factors as we do our capital allocation analysis.
Sal Mancuso: Good morning, Adam, this is Sal, and thank you. It's a really good question. Here's the way I'd like to answer it. If you think about capital allocation for Altria, dividends continue to be the primary vehicle for returning value to our shareholders. And we're fortunate to have a strong balance sheet and operating companies that generate significant cash.  As we said, we do agree that the stock is undervalued. But we continue to be in the middle of a pandemic, and we believe that maintaining a higher-than-normal cash balance is really the most prudent strategy to support our operating companies and our strategies going forward. But you're right, we'll continue to evaluate expectations of business performance, the impact on adult tobacco consumers of the pandemic, the general environment and really make our recommendations to the Board of Directors the best way we can and at the appropriate time, we will think about all aspects of capital allocation.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Thanks for your question, Pamela. I'll take them in turn. I'll start with the industry guidance for this year. You're right, through the first nine months; I think the tobacco category has certainly shown its resiliency. We have seen -- and we tried to highlight for you the change in consumer behavior a bit. Certainly, they benefited from government stimulus and of course, that has been absent and run out. We do believe that is offset by them having some extra discretionary spend as they're spending less with whether it be gas or entertainment or going out and about. And even their stay-at-home practices, have benefited with additional usage occasions. But we were on a range of scenarios, and so there is headwinds and tailwinds as we progress into the end of the year, depending on how the consumer behavior changes with the lack of government stimulus payments and the progression of the pandemic. And so, we run a range of scenarios, and we felt like that was the most appropriate range to put forward for the remainder of the year. When you think about next year, I want to be careful not to get too far ahead of myself and provide guidance for next year. I think, if you think about some of the headwinds and tailwinds we have going kind of through the end of this year into the beginning of next, certainly unemployment remains very high from a headwind standpoint. I had already highlighted the government stimulus. So unless any action is taken, that would be absent in exacerbating, if you will, behind employment rates. Some of the tailwinds that we see are discretionary spend. If COVID, and it certainly looks likely that it continues kind of on its path it's been on, there will be stay-at-home practices, and certainly we've seen the consumer react to that from a standpoint of, we believe, adding additional nicotine occasions to their day. But we'll be sure to come forward with what we think is the best estimate for industry as progressed to the end of the year.
Billy Gifford: Yes. As you recall, Pamela, when we put together a valuation for the company, we do our best to make the best assumptions we can based on the future cash flows, how large the industry we would expect it to become both on the domestic side and the international side. We highlighted for you that we believe the category is going to go through a 2 to 3 year transition as all manufacturers in the e-vapor category navigate this FDA regulatory process.  Certainly, we've seen a number of manufacturers get fairly competitive and step up their competitive activities in the marketplace. And we believe it's really due to as the FDA makes decisions and products can remain and some products leave the category that there will be consumers at play. And so all of those factors went into the valuation that we have and we came forward with our best estimate.  I think while we're disappointed in the investment, we do believe that e-vapor will play an important role as we progress at harm reduction, especially in the U.S., but even worldwide. And we encouraged the FDA to get through their process because really, if you think about where e-vapor is now, on the other side of the FDA regulatory process, the marketplace should consist of only FDA-authorized products that have been through the scientific evaluation.
Billy Gifford: Yes, we made the comments specifically to cigarettes. But, I'd say, at large, I can't think of anything to highlight differences in categories with the exception of what we highlighted early in the year with the e-vapor category. We certainly saw consumers there as the FDA restricted flavors in the marketplace, we saw a number of consumers moving out of e-vapor, some back into cigarettes, and we highlighted the impact we thought that had on Marlboro.  But I would say, basically, in essence, Vivien, we talk about the same consumer moving around on categories, so their behavior has been fairly consistent.
Billy Gifford: Yes, absolutely. Thank you for the question, Vivien. I think when you think about IQOS, look, we're extremely excited to be able to come forward with the modified risk claim that the FDA authorized. And we really are looking at the IQOS team is looking at how do we meet the consumer where they're at and putting it in select convenience stores, it really is meeting the consumer where they make their point of purchase. And you can think about the guided trial being very similar to what takes place even in our mobile units at times are outside of convenience stores.  It's really an education process. But our IQOS team has done some excellent work. And as you mentioned, from the COVID pandemic standpoint of implementing digital tools, so that there's tutorials that they can do digitally. And we're also testing at-home delivery once the consumer has gone through the tutorial and has been age verified that we could actually have at-home delivery of devices. And so we're excited about the opportunity here and very excited about what has transpired in the three markets we're in thus far.
Billy Gifford: Sure. Thanks for the question, Bonnie. And I'll try to remember I was taking notes to make sure I had them all. But I missed, please follow-up. I think from an overall election standpoint, certainly, it's been a turbulent time across the US as we progress to election. But I think the best predictor is to step back and think about the success we've had under both pipe of administrations through our history. I think we have the right tools in place and the talented employees that know how to navigate this type of environment. So whether you think about excise taxes, I think if you look through history, we've been very successful in the way you characterize is high excise tax environment, and we've been successful in those. Certainly, if you look over kind of a lower excise tax increase environment, we've shown the ability to navigate through those as well. To address your regulation question, I think it's important to remember that we've had both administrations through the regulatory process, both Democratic and Republican And we engage not at the presidential level, but certainly at the congressional level with both sides of the aisle, we don't necessarily pick one or the other, we engage with both. And so at the FDA, if you think about the makeup of the FDA, those employees -- maybe with the exception of the commissioner who gets appointed politically are the same employees, and our team -- regulatory affairs team has built an excellent relationship. And I think both the FDA and us have learned how to interact with each other and anticipate what each other needs and wants as far as when an application takes place and be able to put those applications forward. So we've had great success in that. It's certainly something we'll be engaged with, because you're right, certainly at the state levels and at the federal levels, the governments have racked up significant bills related to their response to the COVID pandemic. And they will have to turn to how do they pay for that. So it certainly could be a bit more challenging excise tax environment, but as I said earlier, I think we've shown the ability to navigate both sites.
Billy Gifford: Yes, you're right, Bonnie. I'll be careful not to get too far ahead of myself. I think at the highest level, if you think about – it's really balancing earnings growth and the associated cash that we return to shareholders. So having that and then balancing to your point, investments behind our non-combustible portfolio. We know that a big group of our conventional cigarette consumers are looking for alternative products, and we want to make sure, and that's exactly why we went into this a portfolio products approach to harm reduction. Because consumers are going to make various decisions based on their individual choices, and so we want to make sure we have the best product in each of these categories. And certainly, as you're introducing new categories, you have to invest behind them. But at its essence, it's balancing kind of continued growth and associated cash return to shareholders in conjunction with making investments in turn on combustible portfolio.
Billy Gifford: Absolutely. Nik, on the wholesale contract that whenever we partner, whether it be with wholesalers or retailers, we really try to listen to their feedback and really establish these contracts where they're winning and we're winning, both the wholesaler and us. And so we feel good about what we've put in place with the new wholesale trade program. We think it meet some of the things that our wholesalers were asking for, but at the same time, positions us to do well as they do well. I think from the stock, you're exactly right, Nik. We feel like it's underperformed. We certainly feel like it's undervalued for the unmatched portfolio we put together. I really believe, we lost some trust with investors, and so we'll be looking to build that back. And we really believe building that back is keeping our tobacco businesses, if you think about cigarettes and our traditional moist smokeless tobacco, keeping those businesses strong, which, we believe, they are in a great position, and you can see the results that they contributed year-to-date thus far. But at the same time, focusing on, if you will, very quality flawless execution against making progress against our 10-year vision and posting those consistent results quarter-to-quarter. So that is what we're focused on. And we believe through time, the investor will hopefully, we can regarner the trust, and they will see the progress we make against achieving our 10-year vision.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I would see those as two different events. Really, from a high excise tax position, when you think of the position of the company, we oppose excise taxes. We think they're aggressive in nature. Certainly, from a standpoint of taxing a small portion of the population to pay usually for programs that benefit the entire population. And so we think of those as separate events and that's our positional high excise taxes.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I'll be careful not to get too much until next year. I know you guys are interested and we'll certainly provide it at the appropriate time. I go back to my answer I gave, if you think about what we're looking to achieve, it is a balance between continued growth and the associated growth and cash returns to shareholders, and balancing that with investments in the non-combustible portfolio. So there are always puts and takes as you move through time, but that's really what we're going to be guided by as we move forward.
Billy Gifford: Yes, you're right to highlight, Michael. That's exactly what we brought forward at CAGNY. And you can see some of those learnings that we had in Atlanta; we're incorporating as we move to Richmond and certainly learn from both of those as we go into Charlotte. And you heard to the moves that the IQOS team has put in place, introducing consumer interactions at the convenience store channel, at-home delivery. From a standpoint of updating those specific numbers we’ve shown at CAGNY, we will certainly do that at the appropriate time. We want more time to elapse as we progress through. One number I can give you -- remember, we talked about a 0.6 million share in Atlanta of store -- IQOS and stores and distribution, that current number through the quarter was 0.9.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think it's important to remember, Michael, we've just introduced the reduced exposure team. And those learnings we got in those -- both Atlanta and Richmond, we have a much more disruptive retail look at Charlotte. So I think those two coupled certainly should drive much higher awareness numbers. It's just too early yet to get the good measure. From a standpoint of the -- it the reduced exposure claims, it's early yet, but it certainly has benefited in driving awareness. So, we're very excited to be able to use that.
Billy Gifford: Yes. The only difference I would point out, Chris, is we think Marlboro performed very strong all year long. Certainly, as we tried to highlight that we were a panic, we saw consumers moving back from e-vapor into this cigarette category. And we try to highlight, look, those consumers that move back to a bit older adult smoker who we know how, if you will, a preference to discount branded products. So, we feel like Marlboro performed very strong all year long. From a standpoint of investment, I think we've gotten much more efficient and effective with their investments. We've highlighted for you the revenue growth management tool. And you highlighted the 29 states. It's really being very -- using the advanced analytics we've put in place to be very targeted. And what we're looking at is the health of the brand, the performance of the brand, the economic position of our consumers in various geographies and locales. And so, I think we've gotten much more precise and efficient with our resource deployment.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I'm hesitant to get too many details around our revenue growth management. We feel like the Marlboro brand is very strong across the U.S. We highlighted that in this pandemic, we've seen the consumer really have a preference for premium branded products.  I can remember, through the last downturn, when I sat behind the glass with consumers and focused groups, they would talk about this being a moment in time in their day as they took these usage occasions that brought a bit of normalcy, and they wanted to have a brand that they trusted. So we think that has certainly impacted it some. And we did see some different competitive activity in the second quarter compared to the third.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Certainly, you should expect distribution increases that we are still under a bit of manufacturing capacity constraints. That is on track to what we shared last time. We took the best engineers we had on kind of from the old tobacco space in our moist smokers business. Our best engineers from a high-speed manufacturing in cigarette and I think they're making great progress. Certainly, they had some disruptions around COVID, but we're on track to what we shared last time.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Adam, I think I understand your question. There is a specific target in mind. Certainly, we want to always have debt management in mind when we think about that capital allocation process. Certainly, we -- dividend is a top priority for us. And when you think about share buybacks, that's always top of mind as well. And so we look at that in the capital allocation process, but we don't have any specific target in mind.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Adam, when you look at the sheet, those macroeconomics, we tried to highlight what we really felt like that was driving that. Certainly, government stimulus over the last 12 months has been a piece of it. Discretionary spend having more availability to our consumer base as they spend less in gas and entertainment and other types of discretionary spend. I hear your point on what you're trying to make. I think it's just tough because the situation is always different. And you're exactly right. That's what we try to provide this because this is a snapshot of the last 12 months. But it's hard to say, oh, if everything on this aspect of it was exactly the same, this would be the answer. So I just caution you from that. But we do try to provide this to say, look, when we call volume change over the last 12 months based on the circumstances of those last 12 months, here's how it plays out.
Billy Gifford: Yes. From a standpoint, you may have seen -- what I've seen, Adam, is that the FDA talked about publishing, if you will, a compliant product list to retailers and wholesalers, so that they are aware of those products that had submitted. I haven't seen that published yet. I think when you boil it down to the essence is exactly what you said, Adam is enforcement is necessary. And so the FDA just needs to find the right method that works for them to be able to enforce that only those products that -- and manufacturers that are meeting the of the FDA are remaining in the marketplace. I think that's appropriate from a manufacturer standpoint, and most importantly, appropriate from a consumer standpoint as they're making their choices at retail.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I appreciate the question. I mean, you're exactly right. We do run a range of scenarios, and that's all been built into that valuation. I think when you think about the potential for e-vapor to contribute to harm reduction in the U.S., we think it's extremely important for the FDA to continue to allow e-vapor in the marketplace. Here's what will shape the size of the e-vapor category. It really is this regulatory process. From a standpoint of how does the FDA think about the science, think about the conversion of cigarette consumers to e-vapor and what products they approve. I think another factor will be excise taxes, how do the states and the federal government think about excise taxes in e-vapor. And then the final one and this may be longer than your two to three-year window is how products stay relevant to the consumer base? How do they improve through time? How do they satisfy? Certainly, we've seen some products in the marketplace satisfying consumers for conversion. But then if the consumer continues to evolve, does the product base keep up with that? So those are the three main factors that will shape, if you will, how large the e-vapor category grows through time.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Adam, I don't want to go to that level. Just know that we run a range of scenarios. So I could pick the average, but that wouldn't be very helpful to you, nor would try to give you the range. And so, those are the factors we considered in updating those ranges scenarios from the size of what e-vapor could be,
Billy Gifford: Yes. It's tough to tell and state the size of Massachusetts. From a standpoint, certainly no menthol cigarettes are being sold in Massachusetts through legal channels. We really believe when you step back from the action taken in Massachusetts, it's really, we believe, the best decision-making body in the government is the FDA because they can look at the science and evidence and make appropriate decisions. If you recall, when we submitted comments to the FDA, we talked about this type of action taken on menthol could really harm the future of reduced harm in the marketplace for consumers because it has the opportunity to open up illicit trade. And I think, if you've been following Massachusetts closely, they had some instances with at the ages cracking down there on some of the illicit trade. And so, it's tough to tell and state the size of Massachusetts and some of the activities that are taking place there.
Billy Gifford: Sure. Certainly, the factors were present in the third quarter. The ones you mentioned certainly spending less on gas, spending less on some of the entertainment and other discretionary spend were certainly present. The only caution I would give you is when you look at a very short period of time, the dissecting of it, really to build a trend through time, and that's why we go with the 12 months ended. We think that's a better indicator of kind of how the consumer is behaving through time versus a very short period of time and a window there.
Billy Gifford: So thank you. Altria's tobacco businesses have a track record of delivering strong and consistent financial performance in challenging environments. We continue to reward our shareholders by returning a significant amount of cash in the form of dividends. We believe our tobacco business platform has the winning brands and is unmatched. And we're excited to make further progress in achieving our vision of responsibly transitioning smokers to a non-combustible future.  Thanks again for joining us, and please stay safe, and contact our Investor Relations team if you have further questions.
