Marty Barrington: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. Our companies are delivering well against their strategies, and our business results are on track. In the first nine months of 2014, Altria delivered solid adjusted diluted EPS growth of 5.5%. During the third quarter, the Board increased our dividend by 8.3% and authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program. And earlier this morning, we’ve reaffirmed our adjusted EPS guidance of 7% to 9% for the full-year of 2014. Here are the highlights for the third quarter and the nine months of 2014. The smokable production segment performance this year has been outstanding. We delivered strong adjusted operating company’s income growth of 9% in the third quarter and 6.3% year-to-date, driven by solid pricing. Adjusted operating company’s income margins also grew both in the quarter and the first nine months. Marlboro continues to show modest share momentum as again one-tenth of a share point in both, the third quarter and year-to-date, in line with our strategy in the smokable segment. It’s apparent that the investments made in the Marlboro architecture are paying dividends and we’re excited about the brand’s strong equity and momentum. In smokeless, USSTC continues its strategy to grow income by growing volume, at or ahead of the category, and maintaining modest share momentum on Copenhagen and Skoal combined. In the first nine months, the smokeless segment delivered 4.4% adjusted OCI growth, in a competitive environment, with lower industry volume growth. USSTC strengthened its leadership position behind the combined performance of Copenhagen and Skoal. For the third quarter of 2014, these two premium brands achieved their highest combined share since the acquisition of UST at 51.3 share points. Turning to innovative tobacco products, Nu Mark continued its national expansion of MarkTen e-vapor products and is developing a robust product pipeline. MarkTen achieved distribution in nearly 80,000 retail stores. As of September 30, 2014, MarkTen continued to be ranked in the top three e-vapor brands in the Western US based on retail market share. Nu Mark plans to further expand MarkTen in the Eastern half of the US and complete its national expansion in the fourth quarter. Our diverse business model and strong balance sheet support our strong and growing dividend in our ability to enhance shareholder returns through share repurchases. In August 2014, Altria’s Board increased the regular quarterly dividend by 8.3% to $0.52 per share. Altria paid shareholders almost $1 billion in dividends in the quarter and nearly $3 billion in the first nine months. We remain focused on our target, dividend payout ratio of 80% of adjusted diluted EPS, and we expect to continue to raise the dividend in line with adjusted diluted EPS growth. In the third quarter, Altria completed the prior $1 billion share repurchase program. In July 2014, the Board authorized a new $1 billion program, which Altria expects to complete by the end of 2015. During the third quarter of 2014, Altria repurchased approximately 6.4 million shares of its common stock, at an average price of $42.87 for a total cost of approximately $275 million. As of the end of the third quarter of 2004, Altria had approximately $778 million remaining in the current $1 billion share repurchase program. In summary, we’re very pleased with our year-to-date business performance and strong execution. Our core tobacco businesses are performing well, and we are making disciplined investments in innovation for the future. Together, we are managing our diverse business model and strong balance sheet with the objective of delivering consistent earnings growth and shareholder returns year-after-year. Howard will now provide additional details on the quarter and for the first nine months.
Marty Barrington: Well, thanks for your question and thanks for your comment. There was very strong performance over at the smokable segment. When you look at the numbers that we’ve reported this morning you see, income growth 9% and margin expansion, very good pricing realization, very good steady momentum on Marlboro in line with our strategy, and then of course the volume declines have moderated below what the industry estimate is from us. So that’s a very strong performance. I think what it represents, Judy, is that coming together of some of the work that we’ve done. If the Marlboro architecture is clearly paying back dividends, our strategy is to maximize income. That’s how we’re trying to execute our plan this year and that’s what we should expect going forward. They change a little bit over time quarter-to-quarter, but over time that’s the strategy and we’re trying to be consistent in that regard.
Marty Barrington: Sure, let me talk about those in turn. As you know, we try to estimate the category growth in smokeless on a 12-month trailing basis. And using that metric over the last several years I guess I would say, it’s been in the range of about 5%. And then you see that our estimate today is about 3%, because it’s slowed down in the last two quarters which has that effect. We’re analyzing what’s going on with the growth rate right now carefully. It goes I think without saying that, as categories get bigger, the growth gets harder as they get bigger. And I think everyone also recognizes that tobacco consumers have choices today as they choose their products. So we’re looking at that carefully. I think it’s important probably to say what we’ve said with respect to that growth rate, what we say with respect to the cigarette decline rate, which is it’s really best measured over time. And so we have two quarters of data here which are taking us in this direction, but we’ll look at it carefully over time. With respect to Skoal, I always start out by reminding folks that, while Skoal has its challenges, it is a top three brand with 20 share points in a segment for us that has 65% operating margins. So it’s a big brand with good profitability. Its challenge though is that it competes both, with its competition, but it competes with Copenhagen, which is the iconic brand in the category of ours that continues to grow very strongly. So we’re trying to work on that. As you know, this takes place over time. Howard has already made reference to the fact that we’ve worked on its equity positioning. We have a new equity campaign. You’ve seen the ads in print, I’m sure. We have very good new equity based promotions for Skoal in the marketplace that have been very well received. And then with respect to Skoal Classic, which remembers at the premium price point, we’re trying to get that price point adjusted for price gap management purposes, so that to compete more effectively against this principal competitor, and we’ve been able to do that, we do that tactically by state because it makes difference in terms of the excise tax rates. So it takes place over time, but we are encouraged by where we’re going with Skoal. We manage our premium brands for the long-term and we are patient.
Marty Barrington: Yes, I’ll be honest with you. I’m a bit uncomfortable analyzing the 2009 numbers at this stage, but certainly if you want to have some conversation about 2009, you can speak to the IR group.
Marty Barrington: Yes, I think our experience in the UST integration was that given the size and professionalism of our sales force, certainly there was some incremental work placed on the sales force when we took over UST, but remembering back to that time, I think it went pretty smoothly. So I don’t have a recollection that there were significant disruptions in the cigarette category related to that.
Marty Barrington: Yes. I think, as you know, we’re trying to wind that business down completely. And so essentially looking at the cash flow impact and the profit impact of selling assets in any given year, our bias is towards selling them if we can sell them for a reasonable financial outcome, but we’ve been in that mode for quite some time. So I would say that we are probably reaching a period where we’re going to see a slowdown in some of those asset sales. Certainly that is what is driving the negative year-over-year comparison at PMCC this year, compared to last year was, we had very good asset sales last year. Now that said, in the leasing business, there is a sweet spot which then becomes more favorable to sell assets in the life of the lease. And so at any given year, I think we do expect to have some asset sales that could potentially occur as we get closer to the end of some of those leases. So we’re managing through that, but I think the most important point was the one you made, which was the net finance receivable on that businesses come down tremendously. We’re now down below $2 billion, and so we’re well on our way to completely exiting that business.
Marty Barrington: Yes. Good question, let me try to give you some context about how we think of that at the strategic level, and I think you and I have discussed this previously which is, we’ve tried to maximize our core business while we innovate for our future. And we have tremendous core businesses, we have the leading positions, we have the leading brands. We have high margins that generate enormous amounts of cash, most of which we give back to the shareholders through the dividend, periodic share repurchase. We keep those businesses relevant in growing by investing in them appropriately. I think that’s how to think about the core. However, we also know that consumers change and businesses change and markets change. And so you always have to be looking ahead about what you need to be doing today to be ready for tomorrow. That’s how we think about innovation and other categories for example heat-not-burn, which as you know, we have the license from PMI. As consumers evolve, we want to have products for them. We want them to be premium, we want them to branded, and of course we aspire to have the good margins that we do in our tobacco businesses today. The way to do that in our view is with discipline. You learn your way in, you do it wisely and you do it over time. And I think that you can see that’s the approach we’re trying to take in e-vapor. So I hope that context may be helpful about how we think about that.
Marty Barrington: Yes, I’d refer you to comments that PMI has made about this for further context, but obviously you know that the deal is we struck an arrangement with PMI, where we will sell them our e-vapor products for sale through their distribution network internationally and we continue to work with them on that and we’re excited about that. And then on heat-not-burn, we’re cooperating with PMI as it goes through the process at the Food and Drug Administration in pursuit of a reduced harm claim. You might expect that we would be working on ideas about how to commercialize that project when it becomes successful. These are longer term projects, but our strategy is to offer consumers alternatives for those who want them. And we’re very excited to be working with PMI and that I think it’s – I think they would say and I would certainly say it’s going quite well.
Marty Barrington: Sure. So I’ll start I guess by talking about shares, and it’s just a word of caution in the e-vapor category. I think if you look back over the last three years, you’ve had at least five brands at one time or another have claimed share a leadership. And what in fact you see is a lot of dynamism among the shares as consumers continue to try products. You’ve heard us speak about this before. Consumers are continuing to shop for the product that they want in the e-vapor space. Brands have sort of come and gone and up and down and it continues to evolve. Our long-term aspiration is leadership in the category, which means we will offer consumers in this space, superior products. We will build brand equity and we’ll build share over time. With respect to MarkTen, we’re very happy with the start that we have. We believe we have a very good product. It’s differentiated by its technology, but there is no denying that consumers are continuing to shop for our products and others will continue to roll products out as we have them. I’m obviously not going to tip my hand about what’s coming, but I can tell you that Nu Mark has a lot of great ideas and we’re working very hard on a whole range of products to offer to consumers in this space.
Marty Barrington: Okay, thanks for your question. I wouldn’t characterize that way. I think again, when I look at the smokable performance for the quarter and certainly for the year-to-date, we’ve got income up 9% and margin growth and strong pricing realization and the volumes are below the estimated industry decline again. We look at this over time, but when you look at the year-to-date for PM USA in the smokable segment, it’s nothing short of an outstanding performance and we’re very happy with it.
Marty Barrington: Again Chris, if you look at it over time, we’ve got a model that we use, that’s a secular decline rate of about 2% to 3% and then you’ve got of course your pricing elasticities. And in our secular model includes adult consumers trying other kinds of products including vapor. So we don’t see anything remarkable there to call out.
Marty Barrington: Yes, that’s an excellent question. I think that the merchandizing of innovative products into the traditional categories is going to have to be resolved over time. I think clearly in the short run, what you’re trying to do is you’re trying to get awareness of your product to the adult consumer at retail. And because PM USA has space that it could provide the Nu Mark on appropriate terms. That’s the approach we took. It will depend I suppose on how large the categories get to bay [ph]. What we would expect is for retailers to adjust their merchandizing approach and their scale with the size of the category and we’re working closely with retailers to try to help them in thinking through that. I think that’s the best way to think about it.
Marty Barrington: Well, I think there is two answers to it Matt. One is, actually when you look at the decline rates that we’re estimating for the quarter, its spot in the middle of the range that we’ve been estimating for some time now. So I don’t think it represents the deviation from curve as much as it represents a data point best understood over time. So I guess that’s the first thing I’d say. The second thing I’d say to be clear about the macro environment is that it simply is uneven. It clearly is improving at a macro level for the reasons I called out. It’s just that it’s uneven over time, and it also appears to be somewhat uneven in its distribution. And so the adult tobacco consumer is not participating in the recovery to the same degree in many instances, as is the general public. So we’ll have to see going forward, but I think that’s honestly the answer, which is, we’re trying to be mindful of what the macro environment is and in particular for our consumer set.
Marty Barrington: Sure. We are expanding into the Eastern United States. That’s been the plan. We’re going to be national. We hope to have that completed by the fourth quarter. I am sure that we can provide you with an estimate of the total stores. I just don’t have that in front of me. If you’d like I’ll have someone give it to you.Steve Marascia – Capitol Securities Management: Okay, thank you very much.
Howard Willard: Yes, I think as we’ve indicated previously, we’re not going to break down the detail in that other segment any more than that as indicated in the release. But as we’ve said since the beginning of the year, our results this year are impacted by the fact that we are both making investments in Nu Mark throughout the year, and at the same time, the comparisons of our PMCC operating company’s income are affected by lower asset sales this year than last year. And both of those create a negative year-over-year comparison in the other segment.
Howard Willard: Yes, I think that’s – the only thing I would point out is that third quarter was impacted by an extra gain related to the sale of their casino business in Africa. And I think that’s the only thing I would point out from a SABMiller perspective.Vivien Azer – Cowen & Company: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Howard Willard: Yes, I mean I think our market share comes from our syndicated panel that essentially measures market share at retail. So I think there is obviously a relationship between shipments and retail, but it really comes out of a difference system that we’ve invested a fair amount in to get an accurate read of the mainstream retail outlets.
Howard Willard: Yes, I don’t think we really look at it that way. If you think about it – when we look at our shipments, we’re shipping out to wholesale. And obviously when we read retail market share, there is a bit of space between our shipments to wholesale and what happens at retail. So that is why we provide both the actual and adjusted shipment numbers to give your perspective on that, as well as then going further downstream and providing you with retail share figures that allow you to understand how we’re doing in the overall retail market.
Howard Willard: Yes, I think the answer to a detailed scenario is probably best answered in the moment when the details are available. I think our view though has been that we continue to view the SABMiller asset as an attractive asset that is contributed strongly to our earnings growth into cash flow through dividends. And at this point, our view hasn’t changed, which is we think it’s in the best interest of our shareholders to retain that asset, but as always, we’re doing a lot of analysis, we’re doing a lot of future scenario planning to make sure we’re prepared for whatever the future brings. And I think we’re open-minded, but we continue to view the asset as a positive contributor to the business.
Howard Willard: Yes, we did called some bonds. It was about $300 million worth of UST debt. It was actually the only debt we have that wasn’t at the parent level. And so we thought to clean that up, not only helped our maturity towers, but had some compliance in some operational benefits. It will have some positive impact on interest in this quarter. It actually was – the impact will really be felt in the fourth quarter, and certainly we’ll have some impact next year, but the scale of that was actually quite small compared to some of the activity we’ve done in the past. And I think as indicated by this transaction, we’re always looking at how to best manage our debt load. And I think we’re opportunistic going forward, but I have to say that I think the significant activity that’s occurred over the last couple of years is probably going to represent the biggest opportunity there.
