Billy Gifford: Thanks, Sal. While the calls are being compiled, I’ll remind you that today’s earnings release and our non-GAAP reconciliations are available on altria.com. We’ve also posted our usual quarterly metrics, which include pricing, inventory and other items. As we mentioned during the call, we have exciting topics to discuss at our Investor Day next month. We look forward to having a fulsome conversation about our smoke-free future and we are excited to share more about our journey toward moving beyond smoking. Todd, we’ll now transition to the Q&A period.
Billy Gifford: Sure. Yes, I think it’s a little early to say exactly what that headwind will be, Vivien. Certainly, it will be a headwind from the State of California having banned it. It went into effect, you remember in December. So, we’ll see how that proceeds. But yes, I would say that would be a headwind as we enter 2023.
Billy Gifford: Yes. We think it’s -- it actually -- we were very pleased with the results we -- as you mentioned, we reduced it 15% first half to second half and it continued its momentum and grew share. We think it’s a growing category, Vivien, and that the entire segment is growing, and we want to participate in that growth. So, we’re continuing to invest behind it. And as we move forward, I think you see the benefit of data analytics. And then, in the future, the application of what most people refer to as revenue growth management that we’ve seen success in traditional smokeless as well as cigarettes. So, that’s what you can expect from us as we move forward.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Vivien, I know you’re looking for -- I’m sorry, Pamela, you’re looking for guidance on upcoming volume. Let’s talk about the headwinds and tailwinds as we progress through the year. I’ll talk about the consumer first because that’s the most important when you think about volume. I think the consumer remains under pressure. We tried to highlight that it was the compounding of the inflation’s impact as we progressed through 2022. I think you’ve heard as many predictions as I have had soft landing, no deep recession. So, I think even the experts from an economist standpoint are all over the board. We feel good about the guidance that we put out. We feel good about where the consumer is, but we want the adaptability and the flexibility to be able to move with the consumer needs. So I think the consumer will remain under pressure until we see some relief, if you will, from inflationary pressures in the marketplace. Gas prices is just one aspect. That’s -- we certainly have seen a decline, but nowhere near the lows we were seeing as we were pre-pandemic levels. So, gas prices can move around depending on China reopening and things of that nature. So, we’ll see where that goes. I think when you think about volumes, it’s specifically combustible volume. It’s important to remember that what we’re looking at is how the consumer is impacted. Tobacco, the industry is not immune to macroeconomic environment. It’s just less impacted than other industry categories. And so, from that standpoint, historically, what we’ve seen, Pamela, is that as the consumer is experiencing this rapid change in their economic condition, whether up or down, they make changes in their purchasing behavior and then it becomes more comfortable to them through time and they adjust various factors in their purchasing basket. So, it remains to be seen. We’ll see how the macroeconomic shapes up. But I would say that’s the biggest thing and how that macroeconomic impacts purchasing behavior.
Billy Gifford: Sure, Bonnie. And I’ll be careful not to talk about future price increases. But the way we think about pricing, as you know, it’s an important part of the algorithm when you’re in a declining category. Remember, our strategy in that category is, maximize profitability over the long term while making appropriate investments in Marlboro in the growth areas. So we see that as the engine that does that. When you think about pricing, I think it’s important to really focusing on what Sal mentioned in his remarks. You see high price realization, but at retail to the consumer from a consumer-facing, Marlboro on average went up about -- just shy of 6.5%, 6.4%. So, the price increase to the consumer is much lower than what you see in the price realization. And we mentioned before price realization is really two components for us. It’s list price, as you would expect, across the industry, but it’s also the implementation of RGM. And so, with that price realization and usually Bonnie, you or one of the other analysts will ask us about price gap, and it’s at 41%. I think it’s important to remember, as we get the data and really that data -- that’s somewhat impersonal. It’s consumer purchasing behavior through time. As we analyze that, what we’re able to do is the price gap varies locality to locality. It can vary store to store, and it can vary within -- even within the Marlboro franchise. You heard Sal talk about -- if you think about that overall price gap of 41%, you have the packing. So, take red and gold in the Marlboro franchise. If you look at total year 2022 to total year 2021, you can see it was very stable. Where we’re seeing it is in those packings or SKUs we have within Marlboro that are there for price-sensitive consumers to have a safe landing point. And so, we’ll continue to implement those tools. As far as how do we think about pricing going forward, we’ve shared with you whether it’s percent of discretionary income, a minutes work and when you benchmark the U.S. against other countries around the world, we’re still at the very low end of that.
Billy Gifford: Yes. We will -- we’re certainly excited to be able to talk about it in March. You’re exactly right. Within the old tobacco space, if you think about that total space, you have traditional moist smokeless tobacco and you have novel oral pouches. Some of the margin contraction you’re seeing is just true mix, right, as consumers are moving from traditional moist smokeless tobacco and novel oral growing, you’re going to have some mix impacts in that overall margin. We highlighted for you the reductions we made in promotional spend per can, but still had the minimum share. I think the biggest thing that we’re excited is to be able to unveil the product that we have designed and have locked down and be able to show at Investor Day what that product is and some of the research related to that. So, more to come at Investor Day.
Billy Gifford: I won’t necessarily give you a sneak preview because I don’t want to get ahead of myself for Investor Day, we’d like to unveil it in total context and paint the solid picture for investors. So, I appreciate the question. I look forward to being to unveil that for you at Investor Day.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think it’s a great question. I appreciate it. I think when you think about where those investments show up, it’s important to remember, they’re not all incremental spend. They’re always puts and takes. They’re going to shift some of those -- the infrastructure that the combustible or traditional MST has bore the cost through history, and you’re going to shift that to the NGP space. We do have incremental investments around NGP product development, the regulatory preparations associated with that and the research associated with that. Here’s an example for you, Callum. If you think about like even the digital consumer engagement, that we’re implementing in traditional smokeable or combustible and MST, and we mentioned in the remarks being able to transition that over. So, you’ll see those costs will actually appear in the combustible and the smokeless before it appears in the NGP categories. So, there’s a lot going underneath the surface, if you will, from an investment standpoint. But there are always puts and takes. We’re trying to be wise with the investment but not restrict growing categories.
Billy Gifford: Yes, we do believe that we’re trying to really be driven by the consumer, learning from the global marketplace of products in the marketplace and use those as, if you will, a launch point for products and really trying to meet what the desires and needs of the consumers are in the marketplace that aren’t met by those existing products in the marketplace. And so, we feel like we can achieve the vision. We’ve highlighted for you guys that we really believe we can navigate strong returns to shareholders at the same time, making the appropriate investments in these growing categories. And we believe we can do that. I think you’ll continue to hear us talk about investments, and we’ll provide a lot more detail of some of the progress we’ve made at Investor Day.
Billy Gifford: Yes. It’s a great question. I appreciate you asking it, Gaurav. I think when you think about IQOS, it was really about the disciplined approach that we were taking to introduce in a brand-new category. The consumer in the U.S. was used to the e-vapor space. They had understood that. When you’re introducing a new category that requires some education on how to use the product and how to maintain the product that there is investment there that takes place. And we talked about the learnings we had as we went along the way. But I would say the biggest challenge is educating the consumer on the product and then meeting their desires. And I think there’s still unmet needs in the marketplace.
Billy Gifford: Yes. They’re great questions, Chris. I think when you think about the resilience here at Marlboro, we’re very pleased with it. We’re pleased with how it’s positioned with the consumer. We are pleased with that. It’s still the aspirational brand within the cigarette space. I think when you think about your question on promotions, I would point to you that the high price realization actually shows that we’re able to be more effective and efficient on our Marlboro price promotion. I think it may be useful that -- I talked about Marlboro Red and Gold versus some of the price sensitive, but some of the tools that we have in place actually allow the precision. So, I’ll just walk through a quick example with three consumers. You have one consumer that’s purchasing premium brands and occasionally pops up and buys a discount brand. The other consumer is continuing to flip flopping between premium and discount. And the third consumer is a discount consumer that occasionally pops up and smokes a premium cigarette. When you think about those consumers, you’re going to treat those differently to make them more of a continuous premium brand smoker. That discount smoker, you may never be able to get them to convert to a premium because of the condition -- the economic condition that they’re in. So, as we move to personal value delivery as close as we can get to the consumer, we can tailor that across those three. And so that’s where I refer to the price that being at the national level. We’re doing this down at the local level and on our journey to move as close as we can get to the consumer. And so, that allows us to have Marlboro be resilient, address the consumers’ needs on a case-by-case basis, if we can get really close to the consumer and spend those resources accordingly to have a more consistent premium consumer through time.
Billy Gifford: Sure. Thank you. I think when you think about it -- and this is not an excuse, it’s just facts. They had a first mover advantage. And when consumers -- to get consumers to have new brands in their consideration set, you have to induce trial. And that’s what we feel like we’re doing. I would say, from a consumer standpoint, it’s still very small compared to the total nicotine space. So, we’re going to spend while -- and invest while the overall category is growing, so we can participate in that growth. We mentioned previously, it was intuitive that the adult dipper would move to the product pretty quickly and that the adult cigarette consumer, you’re going to have to induce trial and that’s what we’re in the process of doing and are excited about the results thus far. I think through time, we did reduce the promotional spend per can. So, when you think about the price gap, if you will, the way you referred to it, to a competitive product in the marketplace, you’re going to invest while the category is growing, so you get these products in the consideration set. I talked about bringing some of the data analytics. I think you saw the benefit of that in this past year, but we have more to do there. And I think as we continue to progress and move forward, we feel good about it. I don’t want you to think, though, it’s all discount. It’s all priced off. That’s to induce trial. We really see it as a complete marketing ecosystem, if you will. And I hate to use the business term, but it’s surrounding the consumer and really meeting them where they’re at in their journey and then supporting in that journey to fully transition over, if you will, from cigarettes to this novel oral pouch. And so, that’s where we’re at. We feel good about the progress we’ve made thus far, but we certainly have to continue to drive awareness of the induce trial.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I would say if you look at growth, I would say the growth, if you look at competitors has really been at the very, very bottom end. Sal highlighted in his comments, there are a number of major manufacturers that have what we would consider branded discount priced in deep discount space. And so, when we look at total portfolios for some of those, we don’t see the benefit of having gone down to that low price tier. They may grow one brand to the detriment of another brand within the discount space. So, we want to participate in the discount category. We think it’s important, but we certainly don’t want to grow the discount category. And I think being premium focused where we feel the profitability and the high loyalty is in the cigarette space is an important place to play, and that’s where we’re focused. And Sal highlighted for you, our premium brands are growing. Total premium share of the premium space is growing through time on the backs of Marlboro. So, we’re pleased with that. We talk about the RGM tools, so I won’t repeat that. But being able to continue to get closer to a consumer-by-consumer basis and meet them where they’re at when they have needs is where we’re headed. And we’re excited about that progress.
Billy Gifford: You’ll note, Jennifer, when you build a discount rate, it starts with a risk-free rate. So certainly, the interest rate increases we’ve seen through time are going to continue to impact it as long as they’re still on an upward trajectory.
Billy Gifford: Yes. It’s a great question. What we’re seeing is as we see mobility increase, if you will, the U.S. is coming out of the COVID pandemic, we’re actually seeing a return to more frequent trips. Remember, our consumer pre-COVID would go either every day or every other day. I think what you’re seeing and what consumers tend to do when they get under economic pressure is they reduce their number of nicotine occasions in a day. So through time, that factors into their purchasing behavior. You see a little bit, and we highlighted that, which was the consumers that are under dire economic conditions at times will either switch out or trade out to a cheaper brand. We try to give them a safe landing place within the Marlboro franchise. But as far as a number of trips, we haven’t seen a reduction in the number of trips. It’s more about through time, reducing their nicotine occasions.
Billy Gifford: That’s correct. So remember, as we came into the -- there’s no change in the overall trend, if you will, the long-term trend. As we went through COVID and there was less mobility, less societal pressures, we actually saw what we believe nicotine occasions go up. We see in -- when the economic conditions and the macroeconomic environment is greatly impacting the consumer, they will strict their nicotine occasions. As they become more comfortable with that they tend to return to a normal trend.
Sal Mancuso: Yes, sure. Vivien, you’re right, there is an appeals process. We developed our guidance. We have not considered the royalty, any potential royalties in that guidance. But, as you know, with any year, you put plans in place and there are always puts and takes. So, I think it’s early to really think about how you might model that. Let’s see how the appeals process plays out.
Sal Mancuso: Gaurav, you are correct to point out that inflation is a factor when you think about MSA expense. A couple of points I’ll make. One is the high rate of inflation in 2022 has been accounted for and is already in the base. You are correct to point out that when you think about inflation related to MSA, there’s 3% floor. So, even if inflation were measured below 3%, there’d be a 3% increase in the MSA expense. And I’ll also remind you that inflation is measured at a point in time, December 31st current year to December 31st prior year. So, we have considered that when you think about 2023, there will be an elevated level of inflation. We have seen some receding of the rate of inflation, but still expect it to be elevated. So, we have considered that when we put together our guidance. And then finally, I’ll say, there are other factors besides inflation to consider when you think about MSA expense, including volume, shipment share and other such factors.
Sal Mancuso: Well, first, let me say, we’re very happy that the Board authorized a $1 billion share repurchase. And if you think about capital allocation, I think we have a history of taking a balanced approach. So, as you know -- as I noted in our opening remarks, we plan on paying back about $1.3 billion in notes coming due with available cash. We continue to pay a strong dividend as well as the $1 billion share repurchase. Gaurav, I really have nothing to report on the ABI asset. We continue to do the analysis that we do with all capital allocations. And currently, we believe the best thing for the shareholder over the long term is to hold the asset.
Sal Mancuso: Yes, Chris, I’ll be -- so let’s talk about pensions for a moment. If you think about pensions, obviously, there’s a P&L impact related to return on assets, changes in discount rate, but I would say the pension is really well funded. We have strong funding in that pension plan. It’s actually fully funded. So, we feel really good about that. And I would say the changes in pension expense I’ll remind you a noncash. We have successfully completed the wind-down of PMCC. So, you are correct in that we had earnings and cash flow last year, and this year we will not. And it is a year -- on a year-over-year basis is a slight lag. But remember, PMCC was part of our all other category. It was -- so we consider it fairly immaterial to the total earnings of Altria.
Sal Mancuso: Yes. Priya, first, I’m going to start my answer by just reiterating, I really have nothing to report. And as it pertains to ABI, we continue to believe holding the asset is in the best interest -- long-term interest of our stakeholders. Second, I would tell you that while we have flexibility, it’s really a market-by-market analysis and a transaction-by-transaction analysis related to what markets we may or may not enter as we think about managing our debt going forward. So, that’s kind of how I would answer your question.
Sal Mancuso: Sure. Good morning, Jennifer. First, I’ll remind you that we had taken an impairment related to litigation, and we really captured it within kind of our overall discount rate of the JUUL assets. So, we had accounted for that. But on a quarterly basis, the way we account for JUUL is, has us run an analysis of the fair market value of the investment. It’s not publicly traded, so we have to do an independent analysis. And from quarter-to-quarter, there’s going to be changes, and we’ve been pretty communicative about that. This quarter, it did -- our investment was reduced to $100 million and it’s really macro driven, it’s really macroeconomics and other factors that are considered when doing that analysis.
Sal Mancuso: Yes, macro market conditions, inflation, discount rates, things like interest rates, consumer dynamics, all of that goes into the analysis.
