Martin J. Barrington: No, I think I'm going to steer away from that topic, Adam. As we've discussed previously, I think it's just not appropriate for me to be drawn into either anyone else's transactions or speculation about future transactions. I just don't really know how to discuss that intelligently without going there. So I'm afraid I won't do that.
Martin J. Barrington: Yep. Thanks for calling in. I appreciate your questions. I won't talk about anyone else's pricing, but I can tell you how we think about pricing and the numbers that we put out I think demonstrate it. Listen, for us, we're a publicly-traded company. We have growth aspirations and our Master Settlement Agreement payment goes up every year and we have FDA payments that go up every year. And our principal income contributor is the cigarette category where the volume goes down. So the strategy there for us is to take appropriate pricing in order that we can grow in line with our aspirations. And we've been able to do that. You've seen that pricing for the year in the smokeable segment of about 4%. If you look at it slightly longer periods, Adam, I think it's on average somewhere between 4% and 5% – it bounces there – and that algorithm works for us in terms of the profitability we expect from the smokeable segment. So that's how we think about pricing.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Good questions, both. Listen, I think you know we don't guide on volume, but Billy made reference to this in his prepared remarks. For the year, on an adjusted basis, we've got volume down for us at about 2.5%. But obviously, the declines were higher in the back half of the year than they were in the first half of the year. And you're familiar with all the reasons for that, I know, so I won't repeat them. So we've taken that into account as we thought about our plan for the year. And in addition, of course, we mentioned we've got the California excise tax coming online in April and we've been mindful of that. Listen, we're really happy about the Nat Sherman acquisition. They have a terrific team of people over there. They have a very complementary brand portfolio to us. It's a small share position as you know. It's much more of a niche position. But we believe that when we combine their talented people and brands with the system that we have in terms of retail distribution and brand expertise that we can really make this grow quite nicely. So we haven't put out any targets on that, as you can appreciate from a competitive point of view. But it's a very nice addition to the smokeable segment for us and we're really excited about it.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. I don't know that we thought that, that would be material. And I guess it's just so – it's moving around so much, Vivien, in terms of what those proposals are that we haven't really built that into our plan. I'll give that some thought, but nothing comes immediately to mind that would change the view that I expressed.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah. That's a thoughtful question. What we're doing is we're trying to look at each of the markets and see about those parallels and extract the – not just the consumer insight but the trade insight. So, for example, if one goes to Italy, as you know, it's quite a dark market. And because IQOS requires a fair amount of exposition to the consumer to understand what it is, I think that PMI would be the first to tell you that Italy's been a bit more challenging. There are other markets that are more open in terms of the ability to communicate with the consumer. You see the results in Japan and you know the regulatory situation there. Our job at PM USA is to read all of that data, and with our expertise about what is permitted in the United States, including under the Master Settlement Agreement, for example, is to weave that into a plan that will meet our goals. What we're going to try to do, of course, is to introduce adult smokers to the product, try to explain what it is and its attributes and to give them an opportunity to see if it's for them. And we've got very good plans coming together on that and many of which, I think, are drawn from the international market experience.
Martin J. Barrington: We'll have to work through all that. I don't want to prejudge the results on that because we'd want to get a good plan together and take advice to make sure that we're staying on the right side of the line. But our aspiration is to use the tools that are available to us to get very good exposure to adult smokers and to explain to them as best we can what it is and what its attributes are. That's the idea.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, let me start with that. I think the guidance that was issued this morning, of course, is a range and we've taken everything that we know today into account in issuing that guidance. Listen, I can't tell you much more than what's in the press release because we put in the press release basically what is known. So just to reprise, we've got, as you know, we produce hundreds of millions of cans of smokeless. We have eight consumer complaints with metal objects in the cans and so we've been working closely with the FDA. No one has reported any injuries. What we're trying to do is to make sure that we're doing the responsible thing with respect to the consumers. We want to make sure that we're doing everything we can so that no one is injured as a result of this particular incident. And also, it's important of course to protect the brand trust. So the way I think I would think about it is, of course, it's a short term disruption, but in the long-term what you want to do is to protect the consumer from harm from this and protect the trust of the brand. We actually have two smokeless factories. The Franklin Park facility is the only one that is affected, Bonnie, and it is the smaller of our factories. So the Nashville factory has not been implicated and that's actually where most of the volume goes through. We want to make sure that we've got this buttoned up before we ship any more product out of Franklin Park and we'll do that as soon as we feel like we have our arms around it. And I just can't give you that date while we're on the call this morning because I don't have it.
Martin J. Barrington: I'll take that again last, which is the answer is yes. Everything that we know about right now is factored into the range of the guidance that we issued this morning. That includes the work that we're doing to get ready to commercialize IQOS. As you know, we can commercialize IQOS when the FDA rules on its applications and you know what the schedule for that is. I don't want to really tell folks what our competitive plans are about how we're going to do that. But I would go back to what we were discussing earlier, I guess, which is that the object is to make sure that we get the product to adult smokers and explain how it works and what its attributes are so that they can make a choice about whether it's for them. And there's a whole range of activities that you can use to do that. I just don't want to lay them out, as you can appreciate, for competitive reasons. But we're well underway. We have a crackerjack team on it. We're very excited about the technology. We're working closely with PMI. So from my read, I think all the signals from a commercial point of view are in the right direction and we're just going to have to work through the FDA process.
Martin J. Barrington: I'm not sure I can help you on a month by month basis, but you did see that the volume decline accelerated in the fourth quarter. And, of course, I know you know this, but we had one fewer shipping day. So I think that's the way to think about it. It's just hard to grind into it on a monthly basis.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, I mean, to explain that we'd have to get into what factory makes what SKUs and at what percentages and that – I just don't think that's a good use of our time.
Martin J. Barrington: Got it. Well, let me talk about the long-term, Judy, and then maybe I'll try to talk about 2017. Listen, to the extent that corporate income tax rates could be reformed as we've discussed previously, that would be a good thing for American business obviously and, as you know, Altria, it would be a good thing for Altria. And so we've had a program underway to try to urge that as a matter of public policy to reduce the corporate income tax rate. We have not built that into our 2017 plans because I think the best thinking is corporate tax reform is pretty complicated. It's likely to take 2017 to do it. But obviously, it would be a material step up for Altria if we got significant corporate tax reforms. So that would be important for us to think about if and when it occurs. I think it's the same thing on a regulatory basis. Both at the FDA and for regulatory agencies, generally there appears to be a movement to try to lessen the regulatory burden on business. Our view that would be good. But those things take time to work their way through the agency. Take HHS for example. We don't even have a cabinet appointee yet much less changes that would occur down the line. So our government affairs team and our regulatory affairs team are working very hard on that. But I would think of those more in the long-term than in the short.
Martin J. Barrington: We have been investing in both regulatory capability and in R&D capability and I was trying to provide some color around the guidance in that regard because there's more of it than there used to be. The SC process has picked up. Look, if you're at the agency, you're not only looking now at working your way through substantial equivalents, but you have under your deeming regulation a lot of product applications that are going to be heading your way. So we see a pickup in the activity, and our activity naturally has picked up commensurate with that.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, that's a good question. We do, as you know we've discussed previously, we have a strong digital marketing team and I'm really proud of the work they're doing on the core business. And you're right to think that there are lots of applications that if you're trying to communicate and educate consumers about what products are, that digital is the way to go. It has to be done empirically and responsibly of course and I don't think anybody would be surprised to learn that we're considering that and others. We have, I think, a significant competitive advantage in our sales force. It's large, they're very talented, they're very well led and so naturally we would be thinking as we go to market about how we can use that to help IQOS be successful. I think we have excellent relationships with our trade partners. That's another area that's going to require a lot of thinking about how we take IQOS to market and working with our trade partners. So those are all areas of inspection. And you're thinking about it the right way which is, what is it that we have that we can use to the best effect to make IQOS a big success.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah. I was looking at the housekeeping that we put out. If you look, Chris you've probably seen this this morning, but when you look at what happened to the Marlboro net pack price, year-over-year was up $0.12 and the lowest effective – that was $0.12, and then lowest effective was up $0.16. So it's really just the math that narrowed the price gap. But as you know, we're trying to maximize income and to the extent that pricing is an element of that we're always mindful of that.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, gosh, Matt, if I told you I'd have to tell everyone, wouldn't I? So I appreciate the question, but we can't – we're just not going to lay that out as you can appreciate.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, I'd like to tell you more but, honestly, the close was just so recently we're working through all of that now. But I can help you, I think, understand what we're trying to do, which is they've got very nice brands and they are differentiated from the current portfolio on smokeable. They tend to be sold a lot, as you probably know, in tobacco stores and some other niche locations. There's no reason that they can't be distributed more widely and I think that would definitely help the brand. I think when you put them in a sales force, like the one that Altria has, you would expect for there to be a good distribution growth there. And we're very excited about it, but we're just not in a position to lay out sort of the strategy for 2017. We've just really closed on it, although they're fast added over there.
Martin J. Barrington: Thanks. I actually wouldn't read that into our guidance at all. As a matter of fact, what I would read into the guidance, just for historical reference, this is the strongest guidance we have come out with in January, I think, in the last eight or nine years and I think that's actually what should be read into the guidance. I wouldn't read anything into that range at all.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, thanks for that question. I guess I'd refer back to the remarks I made earlier this morning which is, all of that's under consideration right now. We have the benefit of working closely with PMI to gain the learnings that they've gained in that regard. And we're looking at the tools that we have available at our disposal and thinking about how best to match those goals with the tools that we have. And I'm confident that with the great work we're doing with PMI, and our existing business, we know a lot about this consumer set that we'll be able to solve for a great deal of that. So we're working on that now.
Martin J. Barrington: I guess the way I would think about it is you always have a – it's a question of how you're going to deploy your resources against your most important initiatives. And you may have heard us say earlier in the call that the dedicated commercialization team, for example, to work on IQOS, because it's their job to get up every day, and come to work, and think about how to make IQOS a success. So it's not about more, as much as it is, I think about having the right people working in the right focused way. And I'm pretty confident that we have that.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, thanks for the question, Steve. You're right. We had $1.9 billion left over at the end of last year. From a standpoint of cash needs or the way we think about capital allocation, nothing has changed. And so, when we announced that program, we said we would complete it by the middle of 2018 and you can see with the progress we've made, we're on track to do that. And so really nothing has changed either from a cash needs or cash priorities or from the capital allocation process. Thank you for the question.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, thanks for the question, Chris. This is Billy. From a standpoint of our productivity, as we previously talked about, some of that productivity would fall to the bottom line, some from a reinvestment. I wouldn't read too much into any specific individual price increase. We think about pricing over the long term. And so we make those decisions for that in that regards. And it's really to balance for our long-term financial goals, so that seven to nine through time.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, Chris, this is Billy. We don't project any significant changes in inventory. You know they always fluctuate over a shorter time period. That SET does go into place April 1. I do think it has a floor tax provision in it that tends to moderate any inventory movements in a short term basis.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, I think, Michael, when you think about the way we manage our portfolio, we like high margin businesses. We like profitability. You can see from the strategies we reiterate over and over again, it's way too early to get into that discussion with IQOS. Remember that application was just filed. Commercialization would be towards the end of this year, at the earliest, into next year. So we still have a while to go before we can get into those details, but thank you for the question.
William F. Gifford: I think, again, Michael, not to push you off into the future, but we just announced that recall. We're in the process of garnering all of that. Rest assured, we felt comfortable issuing the guidance we did this morning, but to talk about how we're going to treat that cost on a go forward basis, it's too early.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, I think from a standpoint of, you know we don't guide down to that level, but to explain how we build it into our guidance, you're right. We build a range of scenarios for all of the factors that we incorporate into guidance. So we ran a range of scenarios on those, very similar to the way we would have with SAB. The only difference is we have a one quarter accounting lag. And so the fourth quarter of 2016 will be recognized in 2017, and then that lag will carry forward. We'll have a full four quarters in 2017. One quarter will be from the fourth quarter 2016 and the first three quarters of 2017. That's the way we incorporate into guidance.
