Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I think the way to look at the cigarette business is it remains on track with historical price elasticity calculations. And so we tend to – kind of used that as the curve because it is where we have some evidence that we're probably going to see a continuation of that kind of a trend. So whether it is 4.5% or not I think depends somewhat on factors outside of our control, like state excise taxes and so on and so forth. But certainly, I think it is fair to say that it has begun to stabilize post the FET into kind of a more normalized level. And we will kind of see how that maintains itself as we move on through the balance of the year, but it looks pretty normal. It looks pretty normal at this point in time. Relative to smokeless, it looks our recent history, it has been growing at about 7% and that's what it did this quarter. I think that is a pretty healthy growth rate. And so we don't see anything new or different occurring that would cause us to believe the differences are going to occur moving ahead. But that again is based on whatever outside factors influence it. So we can't project it, but pretty stable 7% right now.
Mike Szymanczyk: All of these markets tend to be very competitive. Cigarettes and smokeless have been historically particularly competitive. And they went through a lot of pricing disruption last year and have kind of settled down from that disruption. But they remain competitive and there are some states where it is more competitive than it is in other states and some areas of the country where some brands that have more development are more competitive than they are in other areas of the country. There is nothing new about that. That tends to be the basic market dynamic that exists in cigarettes. So I would say we're seeing a pretty normal competitive environment in the cigarette business, versus what we would have historically expected to see and that the exception was the period during the change in the FET which really disrupted marketplace pricing quite a bit. And much is true of smokeless. It is a competitive marketplace. But I can't point out to any -- point out any particular anomalies relative to what would be a normal competitive marketplace for you. What is a bit different in the cigar business is that there has been some very aggressive activity in the cigar business in the first half of the year from some competitors. That's I would say more aggressive than we have seen at least in the time we have owned the business and so there has been some impact based on that and that's okay. We know how to address that. But I think that is what we are trying to point out in our press release.
Mike Szymanczyk: We don't have any plans to shed it. We're operating it. It is operating well and we see opportunities for it to grow additional income. And those are the things that we're pursuing related to this business at this point in time.
Mike Szymanczyk: I'm sorry you got cut off right there at the end. Maybe you went away all together. I guess that's what happened. I didn't get the finish on the question. So I can't answer it.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I would describe Skoal as something that we haven't fully addressed yet. We tend to look at Copenhagen and Skoal together in terms of volume and income results. And we know that as is the case with any big brand, there is a good high percentage of the consumers that are very loyal to that brand and then there is always a proportion of the brand that is moving between some other – That brand and some other brands based on other factors, promotion factors and things like that. And so the amount of activity that we've had on Copenhagen has had some impact on Skoal, so we recognize that. We have some plans for Skoal. We haven't executed them yet. We do have what I would describe more as defensive measures that we have in place on Skoal to help it support its business while it competes with our own activities on Copenhagen, but ultimately, we will address Skoal in a more strategic way. It's there's somewhat of a sequence to the activity though that we're putting in the marketplace and we're just not ready to do that one.
Mike Szymanczyk: We think Skoal has got a lot of potential, but you don't want to do everything at once. You want to do things in an order that makes good sense for the marketplace and that's what we're trying to do.
Mike Szymanczyk: It is pretty hard to get at that, the way you're asking it. The reason why is because we accrue the cost savings in one place, but then the costs for the services that are provided to the operating companies take place somewhere else. So we have a way to allocate the costs, the services that are provided, the sales and distribution and all of the other services, the consumer engagement services to the various operating companies. But then the whole realizes the savings, okay? And then there is an allocation backup cost. So it is kind of hard to go directly from, here is how much of the cost savings winds up being attributed to each place, because that is not how we do it. We don't dole out the cost savings to the operating companies. We charge the operating companies for services. The cost of the overall services that we provide today is less, because we've added UST to the equation, taken a whole bunch of SG&A expense out of the system and put together a more efficient system to deliver the services with. So it is pretty complicated. I guess that's a long way of answering your question by saying no, I can't do it. But at least that is an explanation.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, certainly the price gap needs to be correct for the environment that we're in order for the other parts of the equation, the brand to work. The price gap hasn't changed much over the quarters. So it is in the mid-30s. It has been pretty stable. I would attribute it more to things like new products like Special Blend. I think it has had a good impact to the brand. It has been a good place for people to go who have found some of the other premium brands to be priced more than they want to pay. They move to a nice premium brand like Marlboro. And during the period of time that we've been launching that, there have been some promotion offers on it and some news related to it. And also, we've seen just some, I think general health in the Marlboro brand in terms of the strength of its business and various geographies. And that's just indicative of I think the fact that we've been pretty much on target the way we've managed price gaps and the brand as we've been going through an economic recession. So it's not one factor. Most of the time, I think price gap really is something you can get wrong and then it becomes an impediment to your ability to build your business with other things. That's more of the way we look at it. It is not a business building technique. It is just something that has to be right, relative to the economic circumstances and other circumstances in the marketplace, so that then the other things that we do relative to the brand and its equity have the opportunity to work with the consumer.
Mike Szymanczyk: No. I think the channels are pretty stable, the C-Store channel continues to be the predominant channel for cigarettes and this continues to be healthy.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I don't. First of all, I don't agree with the premise. I don't think that consumer products have a life cycle. I've been involved in a lot of brands in my career in a number of categories and these major brands tend to last a long time, if they're managed properly. So my career spans 38 years and Tide is still number one, so I don't buy that premise. I would say the brand is doing fine. It is strong. We don't put a cap on its growth. You hear stories about that, when it was 22 share, would it be, maxed out at 25 and so on and so forth. I don't buy that as a theory. So I think it is going to continue to grow and that's part of our responsibility, is to try to do the kinds of things on that brand to keep it relevant with consumers and cause it to continue to grow its equity and be able to earn a good return for our shareholders.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I don't think that is the kind of thing, we're going to jerk around. I think we still have an unresolved economic environment, so that goal is really more based on the feeling that that economic environment was going to be with us for a while than anything else. So I don't think we have evidence that's resolved yet.
Dave Beran: Yes. David, let me take that. Not only we bought UST, but when we moved Altria down to Richmond, we basically went in and restructured the whole business and we set up the operating companies which were basically brand and manufacturing. We set up these service companies and we set up those service companies in order to provide services to the three operating companies and to Altria Group. So the individual operating companies benefited, because we were able to get synergies with people doing – providing the same sorts of services to these various operating companies. And in doing that, we got the cost out of UST and also reduced our internal costs here at Altria in the operating companies. And it benefited each operating company and Altria in total. It is in the results, but we don't break it out separately. It is within the segments, it is within corporate expense. But we don't break it out separately.
Dave Beran: That will continue to step up this year, because if you remember, we actually ceased production in the second half of last year. So we're just starting to see that build through the system, the same thing with the synergies that we got through the UST acquisition.
Dave Beran: Well, we've said all along that the first half would be more challenging than the second half, due basically to all the disruptions that were caused by the inventory dislocations surrounding the FET increase across all of the categories. And I remind you that in the first half of last year, we had accelerated income growth and we grew off that rate. So when I look at the second half of the year, that is behind us and the – Across the operating businesses, without picking out any one in particular, but across all of our operating businesses, we expect to get solid business results.Christine Farkas – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  Great. Thank you very much.
Dave Beran: Yes. We don't break out individual spending behind our national launches. But the Marlboro Snus was launched nationally in the second quarter. We have a plan to get trial and awareness throughout the year, we just don't break those numbers out.
Dave Beran: Yes. At the end of second quarter, we actually went into the commercial paper market for $200 million. And we used the commercial paper market on a variable basis, typically, if you will go back over time, it will be in the first and second quarter time periods. Sometimes it bleeds over into the third quarter, but we actually went out by the end June and had raised $200 million in commercial paper.Todd Duvick – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. So that sounds like there is nothing really that you need to term out there.
Dave Beran: If I just go back and just talk about what our overall objectives are and philosophy, with regards to our balance sheet, we want to remain investment grade credit rated and part of our stated goal is to lower our financing costs. But that's over time. And structurally, if you go back and look at how we put debt onto our balance sheet, we did it over various tranches with different durations. So we make determinations on how best to meet both our balance sheet objectives and lowering our financing cost objectives based on a point in time. And it is based on business needs, based on market conditions and our actions in June just reflected this process. We saw a great opportunity to get money at a rate of 4.125. We replaced money at 7.125, so our overall interest costs or financing costs on an annualized basis is less. Last year, market conditions were different as the debt matured, we paid it off. So it really is on both the market and the business needs at a particular point in time.Todd Duvick – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
