Martin Barrington: Thanks Sarah. Good morning everyone. In the first nine months of the year Altria continued to execute against our long term objectives of delivering consistent adjusted diluted EPS growth in the range of 7% to 9% and maintaining a strong and growing dividend. Strong Q3 results driven by contributions across our businesses helped produce adjusted diluted EPS growth of 9% for the first three quarters. Also during Q3 we increased our dividend by 9.1% marking the 47th dividend increase in the 44 years. Overall our businesses are on track against their full year objectives and Altria remains focused on creating long term value for shareholders.  During both the quarter and the first nine months our strategies and diverse business model continued to produce strong results. Our tobacco operating companies grew adjusted operating companies income behind their leading premium tobacco brands and are alcohol assets also delivered income growth. Additionally we used our capital structure to reward shareholders through share repurchases and we expanded our buyback program. In the smokable product segment, PM USA balanced income growth with shared gains in a competitive environment. Higher pricing helped drive income growth in both the quarter and for the first nine months. PM USA grew its total retail share in both periods and held Marlboro’s retail share flat versus its strong performance in both periods a year ago. The Marlboro Black family continues to contribute to the brand success and later this month PM USA will expand distribution of Marlboro Edge nationally. Marlboro Edge offers adult smokers bold smooth flavor.  In third quarter, Q3 PM USA benefited from stronger shipment volume as volume declines moderated versus the previous quarters of 2013. PM USA’s reported cigarette shipments grew 1.2% for Q3. After adjusting for calendar differences and changes in trade inventories, PM USA estimates that its Q3 domestic cigarette shipment volume was down approximately 3%, less than the estimated 3.5% decline rate for the total cigarette category.  Also, after adjusting for trade inventory changes PM USA estimates that both its cigarette volume and total category volume declined approximately 4% for the [technical difficulty] with a 3% to 4% category decline rate we've seen for the last couple of years. Altria's smokeless product segment continue to perform well as higher pricing and higher volume drove strong adjusted operating Company's income growth for both the quarter and first nine months. USSTC grew, Copenhagen and Skoal’s combined volume and retail share for both reporting periods. In addition to producing strong results in our core businesses we are developing innovative tobacco products for adult tobacco consumers. In August, Nu Mark introduced MarkTen e-vapor products into a lead market in Indiana and we're pleased with the results so far. Further Nu Mark plan [technical difficulty] and our expectation for the rest of the year, we are reaffirming Altria's guidance for 2013 full-year adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $2.36 to $2.41. This represents a growth rate between 7% and 9% from an adjusted diluted EPS base of $2.21 in 2012. I'll now turn things over to Howard, who will discuss our business results in more detail.
Martin Barrington: Yeah, it’s just the cost coming in-and-out of the quarter at different times, David. I think the better number to look at the margin question is really the nine month period. You can see there that actually the margin for that segment is up six-tenths of a percentage point to 42.2, so that’s how we look at it over time. Again, you know, for sort of a larger reference point, if you look back to the period of 2008 to 2012 as you know this segment really grew its margin quite substantially by more than seven percentage points. So, I think a quarter is really too short a period to look at this, there is nothing particularly significant except for timing.
Martin Barrington: Yeah, that’s a terrific question. Thank you for asking that. We’re having a very successful lead market in Indiana, it’s too early, obviously, to rummage around, I think, in numbers but here’s what we know. It was very enthusiastically received by the trade. We were shooting to get coverage, as you know, across where cigarette volume is, we’ve got coverage in moiré than 3,000 stores, covering about 85% of cigarette volume. We’ve gotten very good consumer feedback about the product. And we had a learning plan, the particulars of which I won’t go into, as you might expect, for competitive reasons, but we had several questions that we wanted to ask about our offering. And I think the lead market, Indiana, has given us excellent insight into the consumer, into the offering we have, its competitive position, how it’s being received at the trade. And so, you know, as our announcement says this morning it’s on to Arizona, we’ve taken those learnings, we’ve incorporated them into our offering that we will have in Arizona. Our aspiration there is to cover about 2,000 stores and that’s how we’re trying to learn our way in this emerging category. We have new consumers, new products and we think that’s the right way forward. But we’re really pleased with what we’ve learned in Indiana.
Martin Barrington: Well, that’s our strategy always, is to improve our profitability in the smokeable segment. We look at that regularly. As you know, that’s done through a combination of factors, including list price increases and changing our promotional levels as is appropriate. As we’ve discussed previously, we can do that not necessarily on a national level, but we can go into regions and states and even markets to adjust those promotional levels. So, that’s certainly our strategy. We are trying to maximize income while always making sure that the Marlboro share in particular remains in good form with some moderate momentum.Thilo Wrede – Jefferies & Company:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Martin Barrington: There is one that I would mention Chris, which is that there is one fewer shipping Monday in the smokeless business and as you know a lot of volume goes out on our Mondays and there is one fewer of those in Q4 than there was in Q3, so that is a factor. You know we are investing obviously in our E-vapor business so those are two factors I might bring to your attention.
Martin Barrington: No, again, I think the best way to understand that Chris is that is best understood over time. We are trying to maximize income, we look at that over time, and you know if you look back at some other figures again for context, you know that they are higher, in the 2012, I think it was 4.2. We are making investments in Marlboro. We continue to roll out the Marlboro architecture. We have improved the web site. We have got digital technology for our marketing platform now, so I think that is the way to understand it. Howard you may want to say more.
Martin Barrington: I am not going to get ahead of what we are going to do in Arizona but I can tell you that we are always looking at the product. I think we have talked earlier that for this product Chris it is on the earlier part of the technology curve probably than the later part of the curve, so we are consistently looking at that product to see if we can improve its acceptability to the adult tobacco consumer. As you know the way we think about going to market is through our value equation with not just product but price and promotions and packaging and the like. We are looking at all of that to make sure that our total bundle and offering to the consumer is the best we can offer. We will have more to say about that as we get closer to December.
Martin Barrington: Well I think specifically looking at our investment in E-vapor, there has been a ramp up in the back half and I think probably a further ramp up in Q4, obviously with a new test market being opened up. I think as it relates to expenses in the rest of the business, I think that is more of a Q3 phenomenon. 
Martin Barrington: Well, I guess I’ll start, again, with the strategy, which is, you know, we’re trying to make sure that Copenhagen and Skoal are growing together and you saw that in the numbers both for the quarter and the nine months, together they’re growing their volume quite nicely, they’re growing their retail share. Copenhagen, as you know, we’ve put some SKUs there, Vivien, that really have taken off. That includes products that compete at the popular price level and it’s that mix, I think, that you may be referring to. We’re pretty happy, overall, with Copenhagen’s performance in the marketplace, it’s a very highly differentiated product and we like its performance.
Martin Barrington: Yeah, I think as we’ve discussed previously, we’ve been working hard at Skoal, you know, that’s a brand that requires some further work on its positioning at the time that we acquired that brand. We’ve been hard at work at Skoal. Obviously, we started first with Copenhagen, Copenhagen has really taken off as we’ve given it its SKUs and gotten it positioned correctly in the marketplace. You know, the strategy, I think, continues to work quite effectively because of the combination, but there’s no denying that we would like to see Skoal’s share stabilize and we’re working very hard to make sure that that happens.
Martin Barrington: Sure. Good question. I think it’s best understood in the context of expanding the Marlboro Black family. And so we know how we do this right. We look for places in the market where there may be an unmet need or there’s place in our portfolio to look for attracting competitive smokers to our brand. Edge is what the latest of that. It’s very similar, actually, to the approach with NXT, which is we try to put the market in front of the consumer, we try to learn, if successful, we try to expand it. We try to raise awareness through some introductory pricing and then we try to move it on to the promotional platform that’s best, but I think it’s best understood as part of the Marlboro architecture and in this Marlboro in particular.Bonnie Herzog – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then, Marty, I’m curious how you think broadly about line extensions and maybe what the right number of line extensions there should be on any kind of – or any of your brands and if there is a point where there might too many extensions that could possibly hurt Marlboro’s brand equity? I just want to understand your thinking there.
Martin Barrington: Again, I think it’s too early to talk about the numbers, because I just don’t think that they are well-developed enough to share and to be confident in them, but I can tell you that with respect to who’s trying to products and e-vapor generally, we do know that there is dual use. And in particular as adult smokers try e-vapor products we know that some of them are satisfied others are not, some of them use them situational-y. We have a pretty robust, as you might expect, consumer research program into who adult vapors are, their patterns of use, how they may be segmenting, the products that we want and that’s all part of our learning plan in Indiana. And, again, for proprietary reasons I’m not going to discuss that at this time but I can tell you that we’ve learned a lot, it’s informed our judgment about moving forward in Arizona and we’re very excited about being able to move this platform forward.
Martin Barrington: We have an allocation program that we have had for a long time so that is hardly anything new to us and with respect to the third quarter inventory levels, I think we referenced as a bit of a build but there is nothing really very significant in cigarette inventory levels from third quarter to third quarter a year ago in our observation.
Martin Barrington: Thanks, those are all excellent questions. Let’s talk first of all about the category. Obviously the category has grown very quickly off a very low base. Whether it will continue to grow at that trajectory, of course, no one knows yet. We have identified, I think, the factors that are likely to be contributing to that. We have run scenarios against these. We have talked about these previously I think. You know one is the product itself. As the products get better and become more acceptable to adult smokers you would expect for perhaps greater transition to the product.  Second is regulation. If they are regulated very heavily by the FDA in ways that don’t encourage adult smokers to try them or to switch to them depending on what the FDA says about that, that certainly is going to have a big effect on the category growth and then of course we have to deal with excise taxes. We have engaged with all of the stakeholders in those questions for some time now including, I would say, even before we even entered Indiana. We have strong views on this. We think that the FDA should regulate on a scientific basis and we have been communicating with the FDA regularly both about the category and our product.  The same has been true with respect to excise taxes. I think you know we have a robust government affairs organization and we have a lot of experience here. We are trying to help legislators think about the correct excise tax approach which in many ways is bound up in the same question as the regulatory approach. So we are fully engaged on this and I think as to how fast it grows or how slow it grows those will be the factors, in our view, that will determine that largely.
Martin Barrington: Well I think you are referred back, obviously to the spin-off of PMI and there were arrangements in place of course dealing with the existing businesses at that time which was cigarettes. Obviously cigarettes and E-vapor is a category that has emerged since that time so the answer is no.
Martin Barrington: Well, we’ll have to see, I guess. We haven’t really been – you know, the question usually comes in the form of whether it’s going to take some volume away from cigarettes and what we said there, of course, is that it’s still small, it’s hard to tease that out. We know that some adult smokers are certainly trying e-cigarettes and so it will have some effect on volume, but you can’t tease it out. We haven’t seen very much about that on smokeless, but I guess time will tell.
Martin Barrington: Okay thanks for your question. Our view on that is it should be guided by the science. As the science develops around vaping and in this case your question really goes to the heart of is there any risk from second-hand vaping if you will and as the FDA looks at all of these questions, I think that there you need a scientific [indiscernible] space approach to that. What we would like to see in the short term is that regulation should have a good reason for its basis and in the absence of a reason or knowledge about that we would like, obviously, to have the FDA have an opportunity to do the work that is required. So I think that it will follow from the science. It will follow from the evidence and we are engaging with the FDA and other regulators about that.
Martin Barrington: Okay let me take those in turn. Let me start with the FET. Tom as you know there is a proposal [indiscernible] in the budget and there is some activity trying to persuade people to get behind that. We oppose that. As you know these taxes are aggressive with a huge increase in 2009. You know so far there has not been a lot of traction on that but we are monitoring that carefully with our federal government affairs team.Thomas Russo – Gardner Russo & Gardner: Good.
Martin Barrington: The second question Tom was about smokeless and ad [indiscernible]. We continue, obviously, to advocate where it is appropriate to do so, to move the weight base, we think that it is a much fairer system. There are opportunities that present itself in the states from time to time to advance that argument and we do that forcefully when we have opportunities to do that. I would say the FET outlook generally, Howard in his remarks, I think covered what we have seen so far, both with respect, really with respect to cigarettes and we are always guarded. State budgets are better than they were but they still have gaps in them and we are watchful. You may have seen there was a media report on a proposal for an excise tax increase in the city of Chicago. So these things pop up from time to time and our approach to them is to try to get in there and advocate for why they are unfair on our adult consumers.Thomas Russo – Gardner Russo & Gardner: Good, thank you.
Martin Barrington: Thank you. If you have any questions please contact our IR department and thank you all for joining us.
