Martin J. Barrington: Thanks for those questions. I think they both represent good examples of how Marlboro is innovating at the core of our business. We talk about innovation in the innovative product side, but it's important to remember that innovation is everywhere and boy, at Marlboro you see it all the time. So Marlboro Midnight is the latest innovation under the architecture; it will come out in the Black family. It is a unique and a bold menthol for Marlboro and should help Marlboro participate in the growing menthol category, has a very differentiated and unique pack. It's going to be supported with beautiful POS to raise awareness among adult smokers. And we'll position it as a new and exciting product in the Marlboro family, particularly for menthol smokers. So we are excited about Midnight, and I think it is off to a good start. I think it's going to hit wholesale, if I recall Bonnie, in mid-November and it'll be retail a couple of weeks after that. So you will be seeing it there. And on the digital side, we continue to see strong innovation as well. We now have mobile couponing, as you know, that coupons can be delivered to adult smokers' smartphones. It's a tremendous step forward in terms of efficiency and meeting adult smokers where they are. That is now available nationally, and we have launched a Marlboro app. It's available on the two large app platforms, it's responsibly done, age-verified. And it will be a place for the brand to connect again with adult smokers in a very innovative way in the digital space. So we are excited about both those innovations.
Martin J. Barrington: All of the above. What we are trying to do is connect the brand to its adult smokers, and the app obviously gives us another way of doing that in addition to all of the other marketing tools that the Marlboro team is doing such a good job with.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Let me mention one or two things and then I'll ask Billy to maybe comment on the cost side. Actually, we are pretty spot-on strategy in the smokeless business, I would say. You know, our strategy there is to grow our income by growing volume in line or better, if we can, with the category, and of course the category volume has picked back up again we estimate about 2.5%. And actually you see Copenhagen and Skoal combined doing a little bit better than that at about 2.9%. Copenhagen is growing, you're right, and Skoal doesn't grow share. But I would point out that I think we've begun to moderate the share. If you look at it sequentially, it's at 19.8 share points, I think, if you look at the year-to-date number, Bonnie. And boy, I'll tell you, we're glad to have 20 share points of Skoal business in this category that has 65% operating margins. So, Skoal can always work harder. It's got to compete with both Copenhagen and its principle competitor. But we are pretty pleased. I think they are having a solid performance over there, and maybe Billy can comment on your cost question.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, sure, good questions. We have not seen any changes, to take the last part first. We do want to modestly keep momentum on Marlboro. You've heard us say this before, Michael, call it a tenth or two-tenths maybe a year, and you can see that year-to-date that is exactly where we are in Marlboro. Our focus is on premium, 90% of those shipments for PM USA are premium. But L&M has a role to play, and what it does is it competes nicely in the discount space without growing it. The industry as a whole is moving more towards premium and so what you see is that L&M is basically consolidating share out of the other discount players, so it works spot-on strategy for PM USA. That's been the strategy and that's how we are still thinking about it.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah. It's going to be national and we'll do some special price promotions to go along with the POS so that we can promote trial. Again, in this category, where you don't have a lot of the traditional marketing tools the place where you have to meet adult smokers to let them try new products is at retail. So we'll have some price promotions there. But basically Michael it will be the same strategy. We want them to try the brand, we want them to be aware of it, and then obviously as these brands get traction we can dial back the promotions so as to pursue our strategy of maximizing the income out of this category.
Martin J. Barrington: Well I won't get ahead of our skis on that except to tell you that we are very excited about the brand. I think it's a terrific product. I think the package looks fabulous, and I think it's going to be very exciting for adult menthol smokers to try, and we are hopeful of getting conversion from competitive smokers.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, I don't want to get too tactical how we bring our products to market under the FDA regime, but we are confident that we are fully qualified to bring that product to market.
Martin J. Barrington: Well they go up and down over the course of the year. They usually smooth out for us over the course of the year for PM USA. We do have this trend this year of course where the volume declines have not been proceeding at the same pace as before, so there has been probably a little bit of disruption there. You know Vivien, if you look at the quarterly comparisons in Q3 there is not much to say about that. They look to have about the same effect. But you're right, they are a little bit higher at the end of Q3 than they were at the end of Q3 last year. So that is why we've called out in our release and also in our script that they may moderate in the fourth-quarter.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. Thanks for the questions. So year-to-date our estimate of industry volume decline is down a half. That obviously is a difference from what the historical trend has been of somewhere between 3% to 4%, and we'll just have to see going forward what the effect is going to be. But historically, the long-term trend is more like 3% to 4% on the smokeable side. On the smokeless side, several years ago, they were growing at, the industry volume was growing at 5-ish%. Then it fell basically to nothing and now we're trending back up, where our estimate for the latest six months is about 2.5%. So it's good news that the volume has come back into the category. And probably the principle driver there is that tobacco consumers continue to try different tobacco products throughout the categories. That probably explains the greatest part of the change in the volume trend there. But we're glad that the volumes are back.
Martin J. Barrington: No, I wouldn't read that into what we said. Honestly, the factors that we think are going to cause the moderation are called out in the release and in our remarks this morning. We are lapping a very significant effect from the quota, and we believe that even though the adult tobacco consumer is doing much better we are lapping the period where they got the effect towards the back end of last year in terms of gasoline prices and the like. So it's nothing more than that.
Martin J. Barrington: No, the strategy remains the same. When I look at the pricing, it's up on a per-can basis about 3% call it for the quarter. But actually if you look at it year-to-date, Matt, it's about 2%, 1.9% or something. So naturally we're happy to have the pricing there but with a category with 65% operating margins and where we've got more than 50% of the share, we are trying to grow income principally through volume gains.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. Thanks for the questions, good ones both. The answer to the first question is e-vapor growth has slowed down this year. So we had triple-digit gains year-over-year a couple of years ago, and then 50-ish% last year and it's obvious that while the category continues to grow it's not growing at anywhere near that rate. With respect to deeming, we know that the reg, as you know, has gone to OMB, but we do not have any insight into what they took onboard. I know there were lots of comments including ours that were filed in respect of the proposed deeming regulation, but we don't have any insight into what they have sent over.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. The answer is, we really haven't. But just to frame this out, this isn't the first time there have been changes in the industry, and naturally everybody competes really hard at retail, Chris, so everybody has got a lot of experience with their trade programs. We have evolved our trade programs for 2016. We've obviously anticipated that there might be changes and I think we are well positioned to compete there. But we haven't observed a lot yet to answer your question directly.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah. The answer to both questions, the word I would use is disciplined. The way that we are going, we are very happy with how MarkTen XL is performing. We were in lead markets as you know, and then we've had a terrific consumer response there. So what we are going to do is with discipline, we are going to roll it out into some additional lead markets through select accounts and learn more and try to get wider awareness and distribution of MarkTen XL. We are very encouraged about the consumer response to MarkTen. So we'll do that in a disciplined way. I would say in promotions it's the same thing. We have to get the product right. You have to listen to the consumer. You want to build awareness and trial. But you certainly don't want to overspend particularly, I might note, in a category where the growth has slowed. So we'll be very disciplined how we do that, but it's a place where we want to play. Our aspiration is ultimately for leadership. But this is emerging, an emerging product category, and we want to do it with a lot of financial discipline.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, thanks for the question. When we look at the balance sheet and kind of our debt levels we feel like we are in a good range currently where we are at, but we are always assessing the financing needs of the enterprise. Then when we make that decision that we want to go to the market, we look at market conditions and other factors to decide when we'll go. But no, there is no change in our financial strategies there, or policies, and we feel good about where we are at.
Martin J. Barrington: I think it is too early for us to be talking about that. As I mentioned in our remarks I just don't want to get ahead of a deal that has not been announced as to its final terms. If you can forgive us, we'll just hold off on that until that happens.
William F. Gifford: Sure, Bonnie. When you look at it, if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, you can see margins are basically flat, as Marty mentioned, right around the 65% margin base. When you look at a quarter-to-quarter comparison or a shorter period of time, you can see fluctuations based on the timing of expenses flowing through. So again, I think if you look at it on a year-to-date, the margins are very high compared to other consumer products categories and virtually flat.
William F. Gifford: Sure. Thanks for the question Vivien. I think you have to step back first and just put in context the overall Altria enterprise. When you think about the earning streams we have, we have very limited impact to foreign currency exposure. Specific to SAB, you're right, the primary driver there is foreign currency, and it is really the strengthening of the dollar against their various emerging market currencies as well as currencies around the world. That is something that we have experienced year-to-date as well as in the third quarter, and I think it is very reminiscence of what you're seeing with other global companies.
William F. Gifford: No, Judy. I basically would reiterate what I said to Vivien. I think when you look at it, it really is primarily driven by the currency impacts that you see in other global companies. Any time you look at a short-term period, you're going to see those fluctuations through time. I think if you look at it over the long term it is very similar to what you're seeing with other global companies with currency impacts. But thanks for the question.
