Billy Gifford: Sure. Thanks for the question, Bonnie. I think, I’ll try to take it in part. So, I think when you think about the consumer, we tried to highlight in our remarks where you’re seeing the cumulative impact of high inflation across all of their spending categories. So it’s not just high inflation in the quarter, it’s the cumulative impact of that through time. I think certainly, you’re seeing interest rates climb, which is impacting consumers, mortgages, credit cards, car loans. And underneath all that, to respond to the consumer, we are seeing accelerated debt as well as decline of savings rates. So they’re using what they have available to them. But it’s the cumulative impact of that. It’s not new to the cigarette space. I think you can go back in history a bit, and we see other instances where the consumer came under extreme pressure. You can look at the ‘08, ‘09 period or the ‘01, ‘02 period, and you see where the consumer -- in those instances were under pressure because of the recessions that were taking place. Here, the other factors I described, we feel like we have the tools in place. I think you see the resiliency of Marlboro in the marketplace, gaining share in the premium space. Certainly, we’ve seen competitors, I’ll call it using your term, Bonnie, share at the bottom, where they’re pricing some of their discount brands at deep discount levels. And really, if you think about our strategy in the cigarette space, that’s to maximize profitability over the long term while making appropriate investments in Marlboro and the growth areas. I think when you think about the question about price elasticity, yes, we made the minor investment at Investor Day. But if you look at even the decomposition that we provided in our metrics, you can see that’s been pretty consistent over the past four periods that we showed on a 12-month moving. We really don’t see anything there from a standpoint of the consumer -- any changes in the price elasticity other than the minor adjustment that we made going into Investor Day.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I appreciate the question, Bonnie. And I’m sure you’ve seen with your connections to retail as part of that price announcement, we also made a separate announcement making some adjustments to promotional spend in the marketplace. Those adjustments are really down at the local level. And what we are seeing were pockets of area where we felt like Marlboro menthol was under pressure and Sal highlighted in his remarks, stepped up promotional spend by a competitor in the menthol space. So, we’re making some adjustments there using various packings within the Marlboro franchise depending on what resonates with the consumer in those localities. Some of the other adjustments are related to, exactly your question, where we see the consumer under extreme economic pressure, and we’re making some adjustments within the Marlboro franchise on promotional spend to counteract and give them a place where they can continue to engage with Marlboro. It’s not new. We’ve done this before, Bonnie. I’m sure you’re well aware, whether you think about Marlboro Special Blend in history, which is now Special Select in the marketplace. What it allows us to do is to keep the consumer who aspires to be a Marlboro consumer, engage with Marlboro, and then as their economic conditions change, we can actually shrink that promotional discount to the Marlboro mainline. And what we see through time is it’s actually much more efficient and effective because we see in going back in history when we did it with Special Blends, some of the consumers as we shrunk that discount popped back to mainline and some of them stuck with Special Blend because it was a flavor that they enjoyed. So, we feel like we have the tools available to us, and we’ll continue to monitor all those adjustments that we announced effective May were included in the reaffirmation of the guidance.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I mean certainly, you saw that overall for the quarter, Marlboro was up in share. It’s telling that the consumer continues to choose Marlboro as the brand of choice. I think when you see that, it’s in line with some of the previous studies where consumers when menthol is banned, and they no longer have access tend to go to the non-menthol states. And I think that’s what you’re seeing with Marlboro and the strength of in California for the quarter.
Billy Gifford: Yes, it will certainly vary by geography. I think if you think of it being in line with other black packings that are in the black family that are in the marketplace, depending on the locale and the pricing in that locale.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I appreciate your question, Vivien. I think what you’re seeing though is the exacerbation of cumulative high inflation, that’s put the consumer under pressure. They had been subsidized by the government to a large extent since the pandemic, and I appreciate you raising that. And you saw when they had that subsidy that Marlboro actually benefited from it. The consumer -- it’s still the aspirational brand in the cigarette category. That’s why we’re making what we feel like the appropriate adjustments headed into May for those pockets of areas where we see the consumer under pressure, and we’ll continue to monitor and make adjustments as appropriate.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Vivien, I think I would really point you to price elasticity. And when you think about price elasticity, that’s the nature of a negative 0.35, is that for percent that you increase price, you expect that 0.35 impact on volume. So it’s much, much lower than other industry categories in the CPG space. You can see in the decomposition we try to break down what’s taking place in the cigarette category. You see secular declines pretty steady. The big factor is macroeconomic that swings around. I think if you go back in history, you’ll see macroeconomic, the conditions that the consumer is under will swing it up or down. You can recall in 2015, I think you were asking us, did we expect volume to stay flat for a period of time? These are natural fluctuations that take place as the consumer experiences their economic conditions differently, sometimes under pressure and sometimes they have a one call. So it’s natural. We’ll continue to monitor and make the adjustments that we feel appropriate. I mentioned in earlier answers some of the adjustments we’re making going into May, down at the local level where we see different conditions for consumers versus just a homogeneous, if you will, condition of the consumer across the entire U.S. That’s some of the benefit of the tools and the analytics team that we have is we can make those adjustments down at the granular level.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I appreciate it, Pamela. Certainly, we’re going to participate, but we’re premium focused. I would remind you that the strategy hasn’t changed in the cigarette space for us. It’s maximize profitability over the long term while making appropriate investments in Marlboro and into the growth areas. You may have heard in my previous answer, it’s not something that is new to the cigarette space. I pointed to a couple of time periods where we saw similar things. You see as the economic conditions for the consumer change through time, it tends to revert back on a historical perspective. So again, we want to be there for our consumers. It’s really about keeping the consumer engaged with Marlboro, whether they want to stay with Marlboro long term or whether we put them on the journey to the smoke-free products in our portfolio. And so, it’s really about continuing to engage with the consumer through time.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I’d say what we tried to show you was what we see thus far. I think it’s too early to declare, oh, this is the total impact to the U.S. I think what we were trying to highlight is when legislation passes with the purpose of the law, they really need to give heavy consideration into how they’re going to enforce that. And based on the comments we provided to the FDA with their proposed menthol ban and some of the consequences, the unintended consequences of that we’re seeing play out in California. As far as your question about what’s the net impact, I think it’s too early to tell to see how that plays out.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I appreciate your question. I think when you think about it, it’s early on in the international space, it’s really about learning in the space with the consumer receiving their feedback. We’re certainly excited to be able to bring on! PLUS to the international market. We think it will resonate well with the consumer, but more to come on that.
Billy Gifford: Nothing that I would point out as trend break. You always have consumers moving around. And that’s really -- goes back to what I was referring to as far as advanced analytics. Depending on the situation of the consumer in a locality, they’re going to face different pressures than other parts of the U.S. And so you’ll see fluctuations at the local level around the U.S. and sometimes they’re in sync with each other and sometimes they’re counter to each other as far as what way the consumer is moving and what they’re feeling. I think overall, though, the takeaway right now is with the adjustments that we’re making to our promotional spend in some locales, we’re seeing a more widespread of the consumer being under economic pressure. And I highlighted some of the reasons we believe that it’s occurring, and we want to keep the consumer engaged with Marlboro.
Billy Gifford: We know that the consumer aspires to be Marlboro. You heard my comments earlier about in the pandemic when they had extra discretionary income, Marlboro share actually went up. So it shows that Marlboro is an aspirational brand in that category. And so, it’s to do both. If consumers had felt the need to trade out because they were under economic pressure, it gives them a space within the Marlboro franchise where they can reengage or if a consumer comes under pressure, it gives them a space to continue to engage with Marlboro. So, it’s really about the engagement with the consumers that want to choose Marlboro as their brand.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I appreciate the question. I said 40% that was by error. It was 4% in California. So I apologize for that. But to answer your question directly, I think what we’re seeing take place is a number of the unintended consequences that we highlighted to the FDA and our comments on menthol ban that they proposed. I think what you’re seeing take place is to -- the purpose of the law had a purpose. And what we’re seeing is the lack of enforcement and some of the ways that product is in the marketplace is counter to what the purpose of the law was. And so, enforcement and the thought process behind how it’s going to be enforced is extremely important to really achieve the purpose of the law. So, some of the things we highlighted for you, Jennifer, were we’re seeing some of the consumers self mentholating whether that be with menthol cards and menthol drops. We are seeing menthol still in stores in California. And then, we saw in some of the other spaces a number of flavored products just renamed. And so, the enforcement is necessary, if they want to achieve the purpose of the law.
Billy Gifford: Yes. You saw what we tried to do is in our metrics page, what we tried to do is from an industry standpoint, if you think about Q1 of 2023 to Q1 of 2022, in California, they were down 18.8% and for the rest -- if you think about a total U.S. standpoint, down 8.9%. So you can see that -- I’m sorry.
Billy Gifford: So you can see that even on a sequential basis, again, California down 11.1%, total U.S. down 6.1%. So, it certainly had an impact on shipments in California. We also highlighted some of the cross-border dynamics.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Again, I think it’s too early to say. We try to get to a net impact of California and netting out the positives. What we try to show is, certainly, we see what we think is an indication of cross-border in Nevada, using that as an example of menthol share. Its representation in Nevada is higher than it has been over the past four years.
