Howard Willard: I think when you look at cigarette volume declines, our range is 4% to 6%. With regard to tobacco 21, in the first half of last year, we estimated about 2% of cigarette industry volume with legal age to 20. And so, certainly, that’s going to be an impact this year going forward. But I would say that you already had a certain number of states that were already at a legal age to purchase of 21 before we made that measurement. And some of that got factored in as more than 50% of the U.S. volume was covered by 21 by mid-year. So, some of that decline is in the base of the decline rate. I think with regard to e-vapor, it’s hard to precisely predict what’s going to happen to that category. But if you just turn to the fourth quarter of this year, its year-over-year growth rate was only 3%. And I think that we really expect that we’re going to see a continued slowdown or even maybe a decline in the e-vapor category over the next couple of years. And I think that’s going to result in less pressure on the cigarette category. The other products that potentially could impact the cigarette category, though, of course, our IQOS and heat-not-burn and the tobacco-derived nicotine pouch business.
Howard Willard: I have to say that we were pleased with our performance last year. We had stability on Marlboro. We had a modest step down in our share on L&M, but it’s at a much higher level of profitability and we had strong profit growth from the cigarette category. So, we believe that the performance we had last year was quite strong and quite acceptable.
Howard Willard: Sure. With regard to the change in the services that we’re providing to JUUL, it’s not related to the FTC review. We’ve agreed to continue to provide them with regulatory affairs services, where the two teams are working together, I think quite effectively. And I think that’s one of their most important priorities, to file a complete and compelling application in May of 2020 this year. As you may recall last year, there were a number of services that we offered them. Some of them, they turned down and built their own infrastructure. And then in other places, they built their own infrastructure but on an ad hoc basis, utilized some of our services such as the sales force. What we found was that having both JUUL personnel and Altria personnel that were sometimes involved in executing for JUUL at retail, that it created confusion and that it wasn’t really an effective way to get the most out of the Altria sales organization. So, we ultimately agreed with JUUL that they’d continue to provide a number of the services exclusively and that we’d pull back. And I think that gives us the opportunity to really invest in our sales and distribution organization and having them focus on our two core tobacco segments as well as the expansion of IQOS and on!. And we know the kind of impact they can have when they are the sole supporter of our sales and distribution effort, and we’re pleased to have some of that capacity back for our other businesses.
Howard Willard: Yes. I don’t know that there’s been government data released since about the second quarter of last year. But I do expect before the filing deadline of May, there is going to be that second quarter survey will be completed. And while it won’t be available publicly for a bit of time, it will certainly be available publicly before I would expect the FDA to make any decisions on the PMTAs that they accept as filed. I think that there is reason to be optimistic that there is going to be an improvement or a reduction in youth usage of e-vapor products because of I think, two very significant developments. The first one is that we now have a minimum age purchase of 21 nationwide. I think that will be an effect for a full three months before that survey starts to measure youth usage. And then secondly, the FDA has now provided nationwide guidance that’s in effect that is going to restrict, certainly for pod-based e-vapor products, the availability of flavors to tobacco and menthol. I think that should have a positive impact on driving down youth usage rates. And certainly, I would expect that the JUUL usage would decline as well. I think how fast it goes down, I think we’re going to have to wait and see.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think you’re referencing the fact that, when the FDA implemented their guidance restricting the availability of flavored products, they were quite clear that for pod-based closed system products that they were going to enforce against any product in the market other than tobacco and menthol. And they were not as clear with regard to some of the other product formats. But I think that they were also quite specific that any product they found that was contributing to youth usage of e-vapor products, they were certainly going to enforce regardless of the product format. So, I think if you see youth usage, switch to other product formats other than pod-based products, I would expect the FDA to step in and enforce against those products as well. I’ll turn it over to Billy on your bond question.
Howard Willard: I don’t think it is a cause for concern. There is a significant amount of activity going on. And there were some scheduling delays that pushed it likely out of the first quarter, but I don’t think it’s driven anything more than that.
Howard Willard: Thanks for the question, Adam. I think when you look at the individual states; they differ in the way that the impact of that has happened. And so it’s a bit early. I know you’re referring to a couple of states that went much earlier, but it’s tough to tease out. We’ll certainly be able to see that now with the nationwide – on a federal level, the 21. So, we’ll be able to provide better input to that as we move forward.
Howard Willard: Yes. I think as we think about the impact of tobacco 21, I don’t know that we divide it up the way you looked at it. Clearly, there are legal age to 20 tobacco users that were legal to purchase the product before that are no longer legal and we hope that they fall out of the category and end up obeying the law. I think secondly, we actually don’t advertise to non-tobacco users, but certainly, tobacco 21 could cause people to delay their consideration of entering the tobacco category. And while that might have a future impact on category volumes. We don’t do research on that.
Howard Willard: Well, I think as you looked at the agreement with JUUL, I think that ultimately, there were a number of changes to the agreement. I think we both felt like that was an agreement that provided value to both sides and that’s ultimately why we agreed to it.
Howard Willard: Sure. I wouldn’t read too much into our renegotiation with JUUL that in the future potentially gives us more flexibility to compete and I don’t think that we have a well-defined plan, if we were to decide to execute that. Certainly, we had some e-vapor products; although I would point out that they were not performing at a level that we found to be particularly satisfying. And certainly, any product that would be placed on the market would need to go through PMTA authorization, assuming that it was put on the market after May of 2020.
Howard Willard: No. We are very pleased with the Marlboro brand. We think that PM USA team has done a fantastic job and really presented us with stability around the brand. They’ve had some excellent equity programs. I mentioned Marlboro Rewards earlier. I think that’s really driving repeat purchases with those consumers that want to be engaged with Marlboro. Yes. We saw a – I wouldn’t necessarily consider that a huge decline. I consider that stability. And if you look back and we provided it over the, call it, the last seven to eight quarters, you’ve seen very strong stability in the Marlboro brand itself.
Howard Willard: Sure. I don’t – I really can’t break down how much of that volume decline for JUUL, came after their November announcement of withdrawing mint and how much came before. But I think you are right that the primary driver of that volume decline was the impact of them removing mint from the market. And while that impacted JUUL in the fourth quarter, I think there is likely to be a volume step-down for the other companies that didn’t proactively remove their flavored products and instead waited for FDA to force them to remove those products and that, of course, will be an impact in the first quarter.
Howard Willard: Well, I think that it’s a little bit hard to measure precisely. We’ve given you our estimate of 4% to 6% volume decline for cigarettes. But I think that if you had an e-vapor category that declined, I think that the – any stepped up decline of cigarettes related to e-vapor would probably go away. The question would then be what are the potential impacts of either heat-not-burn or other movement to other categories. and then, of course, you’d have to factor in the impact of Tobacco 21.
Howard Willard: Well, I have to tell you, I’m highly disappointed in the financial performance of the JUUL investment. And I think that that is reflected in the most recent valuation, which is substantially below what we had expected. I think as you look at the drivers of that, there were a number of unexpected outcomes in the year. Probably, the one that I think was hardest to have forecast was the appearance of the serious lung injury. Essentially, you had the CDC recommending to all e-vapor consumers, both THC and nicotine consumers that they stop vaping and it took quite a bit of time to get clarification that the serious lung injury was primarily driven by THC black market products. So, I think it’s a disappointing performance. I would, however, note that JUUL was the market share leader and the volume growth leader in 2019. And I think while there is going to be a reset in the category that I think is an appropriate reset to drive down youth usage, I do think that they are well positioned following the reset to have more success in the future.
Howard Willard: I don’t think that our change in the agreement to have additional optionality of certain things happen in the future were necessarily driven by a change in our view of what might happen to JUUL. But clearly, we decided that there is always a chance that something like that could happen and we thought having the option to elect under those circumstances to be able to go back into the market and compete, we thought that had value. But I have to tell you right now; our primary focus is on helping JUUL file a compelling and complete PMTA with the FDA by the May 20 deadline.
Howard Willard: Yes. I don’t know that it’s possible to predict each quarter’s cigarette volume decline with that level of precision. I think we provided you with kind of our perspective on what the puts and takes might be, but I would hesitate to forecast on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Howard Willard: Sure. Right now, our first priority is to file the PMTA by the May deadline, but you are right to point out that, that is a product that I think has potential to receive an MRTP. And I think we’ll turn to that task after we get the May filing completed. And you are also right that it’s been about a year since the TPSAC hearing on Copenhagen. We thought that we had a good hearing with regard to Copenhagen as a potentially reduced risk product and we would expect to hear on Copenhagen anytime now.
Howard Willard: Thank you. In summary, while the JUUL investment and e-vapor category remain challenging, our core tobacco businesses are strong and resilient, delivering significant cash and providing us with the flexibility to invest in our non-combustible business platform. We continue to believe that Altria’s enhanced business platform best positions us to succeed under various future category scenarios. Lastly, and most importantly, I want to thank our employees for their accomplishments and relentless dedication over the past year. Because of them, I have even greater confidence in our ability to succeed into the future. Thanks again, for joining us. And please contact our Investor Relations team if you have further questions.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Chris. You’re right. We were ramping up as we went through the year 2019. The biggest annualization will come from the headcount reduction related dollars because remember that most of the headcount exited toward the end of the first quarter. So, that will be the biggest part of the annualization.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I probably won’t go into that level of detail, but I think the $600 million is a good number from an annualized run rate.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Vivien. From a standpoint of – you know that JUUL has announced – we know there’s a reset that’s taken place in the U.S. and they’ve had some announcements of some resets that they are in the process of making internationally. We certainly incorporated both into the valuation analysis. But I’m going to be hesitant to go into the level of detail of the split up between both international and the U.S. until we see the continuation of their plans roll out.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Pamela. When we look at price elasticity and you’ll recall, we’ve had significant price increases. If you go back in history, whether it was related to MSA or excise taxes in a given state, and the price elasticity is held at that negative 0.3% coefficient. From a standpoint of alternative products, when we talk to consumers, pricing doesn’t really factor into top reasons for switching out. There are other reasons mentioned. So it is not surprising that, that hasn’t changed. I’m going to be a little bit reluctant to talk about the future pricing. I will note that pricing is an important part of our algorithm, but there are also puts and takes across the P&L, and we’ll assess that as we move forward.
Billy Gifford: Yes, you’re exactly right. With the strong generation of the cash from our core businesses, we’d pay debt with available cash.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Michael. When you look at the fair value option, you have two components that come through. You only record, if you will, equity income related to dividends. And then, you have, if you will, the change or adjustment to the fair value on a quarterly basis. And so since that equity line would include only dividends, we don’t have any expectations that we would receive dividends over the next three years.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Yes, I think, Michael, as far as share repurchase, I’m not going to speak to the pace. We really look at the market and make those decisions. We’re in the current share repurchase program, and we’ll assess what the pace is and whether we make any changes to that in the future.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Adam. I think related to that, we had been talking about it being churn for most of the year and I think that’s primarily what occurred in the year. You’re right, in 2019; it stepped slightly outside of just churn. I think as we see the aging of adult smokers, they tend to skew a bit more into the discount category, but I think there’s always present in the consumer base, a group of consumers that are looking for the – if you will, the cheaper or cheapest cigarette in the store. And as you’ve seen us and others take profitability on branded discount, you’re seeing that consumer move down to the – if you will, the AOM of the deep discount.
Billy Gifford: Sure. I think that we feel like it’s – we’re probably in a better position to forecast the one-year trend than we are for the three-year trend. And I think that if we’re going to provide forecast, we’d like to do it with a reasonable level of confidence about falling within it. And we’ve just found that, based on our past experience and based on the number of things that are impacting cigarette volumes going forward that we thought we were better off not continuing to provide that.
Billy Gifford: Yes, it’s still a bit early. And I know you’re expecting us to say that, but I think what we are looking at is getting the learnings. We had learnings in Atlanta and we’ve started some adjustments both in Atlanta and our subsequent launch in Richmond. We do have future plans and we’ll be sharing much more at CAGNY.
Billy Gifford: Yes. So, if you look at the way we assessed it is, it was really a change in the discount rate for the fourth quarter impairment. We really looked at assessing – we did not assess the merits of the cases, whether they would be successful or not against JUUL. We really looked at assessing the risk of the uncertainty related to the litigation. You’ll recall, if you go back even in our tobacco history when we were facing AG suits and similar suits, the market itself put a higher level of discount on our share price compared to the S&P. Subsequent to that, that has gone from our share price, but that’s what was reflected in the fourth quarter impairment. As far as the structure of the agreement, I would remind you, we do assess the merits of the cases that we’re named in, and we think they are meritless and we will be filing for a motion to dismiss.
Adam Spielman: Thank you very much. I have a couple of questions. Can I start with the tobacco 21? In the states, where you’ve seen that imposed for quite a while, can you say if there’s been a difference in the volume run rate, I guess? That would be my first question on tobacco 21.
Adam Spielman: Okay, thank you. So, also related to that, I guess the tobacco 21 has two impacts. Firstly, you might have fewer people almost immediately, because they just can’t buy it, but also you might think that the run rate of volume declines might get worse, because, I guess, you’re recruiting fewer smokers potentially in the future. And I was just wondering whether – how you think about that second point, whether you think tobacco – not only does it have an impact this year in 2020, but whether there also is the ongoing volume decline in the US.
Adam Spielman: Okay, thank you very much. And then just if I can come back to the change of the agreements in JUUL. And obviously, you’re now going to provide them with less services than you had previously agreed to provide. And I was just wondering if JUUL has got anything in return for what looks like less value to them.
