Martin J. Barrington: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Altria delivered solid financial results for the second quarter and for six months of 2013. The Company’s diverse business model delivered adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 5.1% for the second quarter and 7.4% for the first half of the year. All three of our reportable segments delivered adjusted operating companies income and margin growth in the second quarter and first half. This growth was complemented by lower interest and other debt expense and fewer shares outstanding for both periods. Lower earnings from Altria’s equity investment and SABMiller negatively impacted Altria’s second quarter adjusted diluted EPS, while on a first half basis higher earnings from the investment had a positive impact. In the smokeable product segment, higher pricing drove adjusted operating companies income growth for both the second quarter and first half. Marlboro continue to perform well. Its retail share was unchanged for the second quarter and up one-tenth of a share point for the first half versus its strong retail share performance last year. PM USA continues to support Marlboro’s brand architecture with brands building initiatives. In July, 2013 PM USA expanded distribution of Marlboro NXT to an additional 23 states, primarily in the eastern U.S. PM USA gain retail share for the second quarter behind share gains for L&M in discount. For the first half PM USA grew retail share due to gains from both L&M and Marlboro. Comparisons of reported cigarette shipment volume for the second quarter and first half were impacted by trade inventory changes. After adjusting for changes in trade inventories PM USA estimates that its second quarter 2013 domestic cigarette shipment volume was down approximately 3.5% and that total cigarette category volume was down approximately 4% for the same period. After adjusting for one less shipping day and trade inventory changes, PM USA estimates that its cigarette volume declined approximately 4% for the first half in line with the estimated decline rate for the cigarette category. Black & Mild's retail share of machine made large cigars was down for the second quarter and first half versus the prior periods due to competitive activity. On a sequential basis though, the brands 2013 second quarter retail share was up 1.4 share points versus the first quarter of 2013. In the smokeless segment, higher volume and higher pricing drove strong adjusted operating companies income and margin growth for the second quarter and first half. USSTC increased volume and retail share for Copenhagen and Skoal on a combined basis for both reporting periods. In wine, Ste. Michelle delivered strong operating companies income and margin growth through higher shipment volume. Altria’s companies continue to deliver growth in their core businesses, while continuing to innovate with new products for adult tobacco consumers. As we’ve announced, Nu Mark will enter the eBay for category by introducing MarkTen e-cigarettes into a lead market in Indiana next month. Nu Mark is also expanding distribution of Verve discs to approximately 1,200 stores in Virginia, in September of this year. Richmark, a joint venture between an Altria subsidiary and Okono has introduced Tju Chewing Tobacco Gum into a test market in Denmark. We’re pleased Altria’s results for the first half of the year. Based on that performance and our expectations for the second half of the year, we’re revising our guidance for Altria’s 2013 full-year adjusted diluted EPS from a range of $2.35 to $2.41, to a range of $2.36 to $2.41. This represents a growth rate between 7% and 9% from an adjusted diluted EPS base of $2.21 in 2012. I’ll now turn things over to Howard, who will discuss Altria’s business results in more detail.
Martin J. Barrington: You're right, Vivien. I heard about the headline when I walked into the room and was focused on the call, so I haven't looked at any of this. So I don’t want to comment on it because I haven't seen it. But you’re right from a process view point what the FDA has said so far all along was that it was reviewing the science. It took the TPSAC report; it conducted its own scientific review. It's our understanding they sent that out for peer review that they got peer review back and then they've been working on the scientific assessment. So subject to what's happened this morning that’s our understanding of the process. And of course FDA being an agency that’s driven by science and the evidence, we would expect for the process then to discuss FDA scientific views before any policy implications or the like would be discussed. We’ll have to see what issued this morning.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, no I really don’t – I know everyone is acutely interested in this. I continue to believe what I’ve said previously on this which is, it's having some effect obviously because people who were trying eBay for products are adult smokers, so you would expect for there to be some effect. We just can’t tease out what it is off of the small base, and actually I think the question to be focused on is as much, what is the size of that category today as what might it be down the road and that’s obviously a part of the motivation for us to make sure that we’ve got competitive products and why we’re so excited about our mark and launch in Indiana.
Martin J. Barrington: No, we worked out various scenarios. It all depends which put in your model and it depends what your assumptions are. As we’ve discussed previously there is a lot that’s yet to be resolved regarding e-cigarettes. We currently don’t have a regulatory structure for them and depending on what that regulatory structure looks like it could have an impact on the size of the category. We don’t know yet about excise taxes for example. We’re probably on the early part of the technology curve with the product itself. So all of those factors Vivien I think are the way that we’re looking at it and you can run various models with various assumptions, and that’s kind of how we’re looking at it to make sure that we’ve got all of them covered.
Martin J. Barrington: I sure think that consumer acceptance of the product is central. The other factors -- and there are other factors beyond what I mentioned, but you’re right David you have to have a product that adult consumers find acceptable and that’s what we’re working on.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, we’re pretty confident in our assessment, I would say. When you look at the inventory changes from Q2, '12 to Q2, '13 I mean they’re pretty apparent, as I know you remember the trade bill inventory in the quarter last year versus this quarter where it was built and then really shared, some of that’s probably driven by the timing. You may remember the price announcements came at different times relative to those quarters. So when we do the math and we look at the inventories that we’re able track we’re pretty confident that it explains the difference between reported and adjusted.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, as you know we don’t talk about the quarter until the quarter is over, so I won't say anything about the third quarter. But I do think it's fair to point out as people are thinking about this which is, if the adjustments are as we believe them to be. Remember there’s one more shipping day in the third quarter and inventories really were pretty lean at the end of the second quarter. Those were all factors I think to take into account.
Martin J. Barrington: I might describe that just a little bit differently. I think the category is competitive, it's been competitive, it’s likely to be competitive. Our strategy is to maximize income as you know, and so we stay focused on that in this segment. And when we look at our revenue/1000 for example net of FET we’ve got nice numbers there. So that’s how we look at it, which is we’re trying to maximize income while making sure that we’ve got modest share momentum on Marlboro.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure, let me take those in turn. We’re really happy with Marlboro. I think Marlboro is doing terrific. The investments that we’ve made in the Marlboro architecture, the products that we’ve been able to bring, our work at retail to get everything reset, the work that we’ve done on marlboro.com, our interactions with our adjust consumer franchise. Remember we tend to sometimes go pass this, but it's worth everyone remembering of course Marlboro remains with more shares than the next 10 brands combined. It's got premium pricing. It's got the highest brand equity. It's the largest brand in every state and so on and so on and so Marlboro continues to perform fine. As I just discussed with David as you know, in terms of its share we try to have modest share momentum on Marlboro. That’s one of the measures we use to make sure that its brand strength remains where we want it to be because it's largely the engine of our profit growth. L&M’s role is different of course; it plays a role in the discount segment. The discount segment as Howard just reported to you is relatively flat, but especially for some of our trade partners who like for us to have an entry in that segment; L&M is a terrific choice. We gather share from various players that are participating in that segment, but our focus is on premium and in particular it's on Marlboro, but L&M has a role to play in the portfolio about what you’ve seen for the quarter, I think it's fair to say.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay, let me see if I can unpack that a little bit. Our planning as you might expect at PM USA and other operating companies takes into account most, all competitive scenarios including the one on Newport Gold that you’ve just described. So, we have plans for that and all of that is rolled up into our guidance. So, I think that we have good plans; we have a strong franchise there. PM USA will do what it needs to do I’m sure and do it well. In terms of new product pipeline, we’ve discussed this previously I think with others about how we were pretty planful about having products as the new regulatory system came online and we continue to have a pretty good pipeline. We had also pointed out that we have expected FDA once it had built out its infrastructure, once it had hired its staff and once it had worked through the protocols on substantial equivalents, we had fully expected that it would start to rule on application and indeed that's what we see happening and that's a good thing, frankly. Some people were predicting that the FDA would never approve another tobacco product or certainly not in the cigarette category and we were urging people to be mindful that the statute contemplates innovation in the category, it's just a process you have to go through and FDA is a part of that process. So, I think that's on balance, a good thing that FDA now has the infrastructure up and working. They're working through applications. To be sure, there's a lot to do. I think the latest estimate I saw and you may have seen it is in terms of provisional applications those that are already in the market, there's more than 3,000 of those and then there maybe another 500, I think, FDA said with respect to new products. So they've got some work to do. For our part, we continue to work with them. We talk to them every day about substantial equivalents and other matters and we try to do that professionally and constructively and so far so good.
Martin J. Barrington: I guess I'm not sure how to explain it other than I explained it a moment ago which is it's just the comparison, I think, between the build in the second quarter last year and then the build in the share in the second quarter this year when we looked at the numbers relative to what's in wholesale and our estimate at retail which seems to us that that's the explanation.
Martin J. Barrington: Well you know our strategy which is we're trying to grow income in the smokeable segment. We do that obviously through the operating plans of PM USA and if you look at it over time, I prefer back to some of the charts we showed perhaps at the Investor's Day meeting in June that the smokeable segment has really had pretty nice growth there over time and that's how we look at it, Thilo. We look at it over time. In some quarters, it's up a bit more and others in down and in others it's someplace else. But over time that's our strategy and I must say it seems to have worked relatively well and that's the strategy that we're pursuing.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, I think the plan is what I described a moment ago which is it's got a role to play in our portfolio in the discount segment. And so you're right. We have described how it gathered up some share, the basic share as we made that brand more profitable. It's also gathered up some competitive share as you might expect for a great brand in that segment, but that's it role and our focus again remains on the premium end of the business. We're trying to make sure that Marlboro and other premium brands do great all the while making sure L&M is effectively executing the role it has in its place in the portfolio and I don't think that's going to change going forward.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, we're mindful of executing against the entire portfolio strategy of course as we are very, very mindful of Marlboro and our other premium brands we watched to make sure that L&M is playing the appropriate role, but we're not trying to grow the discount segment. Our focus is on premium. So that's always a balance on how we manage our brands as anybody does in their portfolio and that's how we think about it. We're a premium company. We sell premium brands. We get higher margin because of doing that. That's our strategy and that's what we'll continue to do.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay, let me take those in turn. We're happy with Marlboro Southern Cut. It's a terrific product. It's got – and a terrific pack. It's been well received and I think it's been a great addition to the Marlboro family. The same thing with Marlboro NXT. You remember we launched that in two of our sales regions last year. It looks great. It's a terrific product. It's got a nice innovation on it with a capsule. It's been very well received. It's a nice addition to the Marlboro Black family. And this space, the share issue has always worked out by the trade programs and our trade programs take all of that into account as we work through the available space. But we haven't had, really I wouldn't think any difficulty in getting space for Marlboro NXT.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, I think the answer to that is, it's early days in the eBay per category and I think that MarkTen is a terrific product, it's a great brand. We've got a crackerjack sales force that will get us distribution where we need it. We'll learn. I think when we discussed this previously, that's how we think about innovation generally in e-cigarettes in particular which is – it's very exciting when these new products come along and they get a lot of attention. Our strategy is to maximize our core business while we take appropriate steps forward with innovation and that's a balance as well, but we have a big profitable mature business that does great. We have tremendous brands and so in the eBay per category, we want to learn our way in. I have no doubt that if we can get that product in the hands of consumers and get distribution and work the brand the way we've done over decades that we'll ultimately be very successful. I think this is a long game.
Martin J. Barrington: We'll take the appropriate steps once we learn our way in. Certainly if it's well received, we always want to expand products that are well received by the consumer. And then as we discussed a moment ago as I'm sure you heard, there's some other reasons to be in which is – there's issues to be sorted through regulation and excise taxes in the like and we want to be at the table as they’re being sorted out.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, you’re right. We don’t give quarterly guidance, and we’re not about to start this morning. I just had this conversation a moment ago about our strategy, which is to maximize income and we do that over time and you’re point out at the comparisons for this quarter or the quarter previous were a bit lower on that metric than they have been over the last several years. I think we showed during the Investor Day, again the history over time of how the income growth has been nice in smokeable. That continues to be our strategy. We’ve just given a revised guidance stock. Then all that is taken into account in our revised guidance.
Martin J. Barrington: Well we’re opposed to it and there has been talk about its relative movement or lack thereof. We’ve spoken previously, Gee-whiz; we just took an FET increase of a 158% or something in 2009. We saw what happened to the volumes and what happened to the trade. These are programs that are supposed to be for the benefit of everyone, but they’re proposed to be financed on the back of tobacco consumers and we just think that’s fundamentally unfair to say nothing of how regressive these taxes are. So, we’re being very mindful of that. We advocate strongly on behalf of our companies and our consumers on that. You’d hope that there is not much traction on it, if it doesn’t appear to be today, but we’re very careful about that.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah. You forgive me for saying some of that’s proprietary, so I’m not going to talk about much of that. We certainly have capacity to execute what we intend to execute in Indiana and to do it well.
Martin J. Barrington: Thank you. That’s an excellent question. We’re working through all those details now. Let me take it in two parts perhaps. The first is you’re right, because for products that contain nicotine, you have to be responsible that how you do that. We thought deeply about that, including putting an appropriate warning on that product, which it will bear, despite the fact that it’s not currently regulated by FDA. The marketing mix is another matter altogether our target audiences, adult smokers and adult vapors and we want to get good reach to them. We want them to know about the product. We want to have good awareness to them, But we’ll also take steps to make sure that we’re not having unintended reach to audiences, we’re not trying to reach and that’s always a balance about how you do that. We are working through those marketing details now and I think when you see the execution, you will see that we’ve been quite comfortable with that.
Howard A. Willard: Sure. Well certainly our guidance reflects what we expect to occur for all of our businesses plus our contribution from SABMiller. SABMiller's contribution to our earnings was often in the first half but you're correct that it was down in the second half on an adjusted basis. I would point out I think that there are a number of adjustments that we make to their financial results both to convert from IFRS to GAAP and some other things. So probably the best way to understand their underlying earnings is to listen in on their trading statement update which will come later this week. But I do think for the rest of the year, we expect SABMiller to be a contributor to our earnings growth.
Howard A. Willard: I’m not going to comment on our future debt plans. But I think you did point out that, I alluded to the $1 billion issuance in the second quarter. I think that gives us a fair amount of flexibility with regard to what actions we take for the $1.5 billion due later this year and then we’ve got about – we’ve had about $2 billion due between now and the end of the first quarter. And I think when we determine exactly what we were going to do there; we’ll announce it at the time.
Howard A. Willard: Well, I think certainly our goal is to work to reduce our interest expense over time, which we’ve been successful in doing. As you know we did tender for some of our high interest debt once before and I think we continue to look at all options, but we’ve made a definitive decision with regard to what we’re going to do going forward.
Howard A. Willard: Sure. Tom, I think your observation is accurate, which is we’ve had greater volume of our key brands sold in Asia given the – given kind of the affordable premium positioning of our brands, I think they’re well positioned for the Asian market and that has been an initiative that the wine company is focused on certainly over the last couple of years. And I think we’ll continue to, because certainly wine is becoming more popular amongst the middle class in China and other Asian countries.
