Mike Szymanczyk: Hi, Christine, it’s Mike. I would say that in general Copenhagen doing very well and that pretty much across the board. As you know we look at price gaps pretty much by state and I would say that there is any particular areas right now where we would describe it as a trouble significant trouble spot and on an average it’s the gaps remain about where we thought they would be which is in the kind of mid-to-high 40s. So there is nothing unusual going on. Copenhagen’s business is really being driven by getting the gap right, pretty average across the board and by new province, particularly, the Winnipeg province. At this juncture, the other ones are Cheverly in the marketplace building on how many bases on which (inaudible).Christine Farkas – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, that’s helpful. Thanks Mike.
Mike Szymanczyk: I don’t know I can’t predict the future on that. We kind of respond to what’s out there in the marketplace. As I said before we’ve had periods of time where the gaps wider than it is right now when the economy is healthier the primary factors there are unemployment rates and consumer confidence and so I think as unemployment rates come down and confidence goes up then there maybe some opportunity there, but I think the way we look at it is we watch the market and then we take advantage of opportunities in the market as they unfold. We don’t try to guess what’s going, we wait till it gets there and then we respond to it.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I just say here that Marlboro actually exhibited strength in both the Menthol and non-Menthol side and so we got some positive benefit on both those sides. And certainly, the new products were part of that contribution, but Marlboro was pretty healthy overall and kind of across the board.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I think that our view of it is that inventories, particularly, the wholesale level won’t stay where they are. I’m not going to speculate on when they come down. I think that will be based on what wholesalers do, but when you look at them compared to the prior year activity where you had an unusual circumstance on the prior year where inventories really went to exceptionally low levels where we knew they were going to come back up. It’s a comparison that I try to explain because it’s a bit artificially overstates I think with the real volume. I can’t tell you exactly what’s going to happen because I don’t know, but I would expect that will see some of that inventory depleted as the year unfolds.
Mike Szymanczyk: I don’t know that it’s necessary. I think you have a comparison that suggested. So that’s the best. I think I’m going to be able to give you after some time.
Mike Szymanczyk: As I mentioned in the earnings release and then my remarks we have a quarter where when we adjust out the factors what we see is shipments, our estimate is the shipments in the industry of about 10% when you adjust and that’s consistent with normal price elasticity. I don’t know how to translate that into assumption.
Mike Szymanczyk: We’ll look at the second quarter when we get to July. We don’t start talking about the quarter until June.
Mike Szymanczyk: Both of those remain speculative issues. We don’t know what’s going to happen exactly until we get the relative to tax rates and the board makes those decision when it thinks it has appropriate information on which to make it. So I would say it’s probably premature for us to be discussing here.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I can’t predict the future, but I can tell you a history which says that in a stronger economic environment where we have much lower unemployment we have higher consumer confidence that we’ve seen the brand able to withstand broader gaps. That’s true, pretty much across varying state tax levels. So there’s significant difference between state tax levels and therefore retail pricing. So that’s history and I can’t predict future for you, but I would say history would indicate that in those kinds of environments gaps have been wider and the brand has been able to grow.
Mike Szymanczyk: I don’t know. I’m not sure I understood exactly your equation there. I think the basic thing to understand here is that we saw inventories in the first quarter of this year build through the quarter and last year, what we saw is as we got in the March was a significant depletion of inventory and so that’s up. A favorable comparison this year in volumes, but then ultimately, we would expect there will be some depletion of net inventory. The trade won’t carry that inventory forever. So, that’s what I think is important for people to know. We can’t predict exactly when that’s going to occur. But I think it’s important for people to know what’s there. Beyond there trying to quantify precisely is not something I’m not going to do.
Mike Szymanczyk: I’m not going to comment on that. I think that’s for wholesalers and for competitors to answer rather than for us to answer.
Mike Szymanczyk: I can’t tell you that off of the top of my head, but what I would say to you is that what we saw on our two premium brands was pretty strong shipment performance throughout the quarter so that wasn’t driven by tail end shipments which driven by pretty strong performance on those brands. Share performance throughout the quarter and some of that was driven by Copenhagen Wintergreen. So I wouldn’t attribute it simply to our pipeline on two SKUs of the launch on Copenhagen at all. It was pretty good shipment performance, supported by share performance and with good margins as well. So I would say that those two brands are doing a nice job right now.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, first of all, brands are highly profitable, so I don’t think there’s a question of focusing on profitability, they are highly profitable and the way we run them today. And I think that it’s a growing category and so it’s appropriate when you have brands that look like they want to grow and you’re in a growing category that, of course, you want to have healthy margins, but you also want to take advantage of the growth potential, which we have in front of us. So we balance those two things and I think we’re doing a pretty good job of that.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I can report it what looks to be the our estimate of what the growth rate is in the category I am not going to speculate on what are we doing going forward, but it seems to be running around 7%.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, once again, I am not going to speculate what’s going to happen for the remainder of the year. We give guidance for the total business and we reaffirm that, but we don’t do it by segment. And so I think you’re going to have to wait three other quarters on hold, just like we do.
Mike Szymanczyk: It’s got kind of a pretty broad appeal, so some of it comes from some of the Marlboro franchise but some of it comes from outside of the Marlboro franchise, some of it comes from some of the more branded oriented discount smokers and it also comes from other competitive premium brands. So its inflow is pretty broad.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, we haven’t put an aggressive pricing structure on it. So it’s been promoted, but not at a level that exceeds, what would be the level we use on other promotional SKUs. So Special Blend is doing its job, it's nice addition to the portfolio and I note for you that Marlboro’s margin improves during the first quarter as we launch that product, so it hasn’t had a negative impact on the overall brands profit performance.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I would say that we adjusted that number up a bit after we bought UST and we got a lot of success in implementing the changes we wanted to make and getting a different structure that was more efficient in place, not only is related to USSTC but also relative to our other tobacco businesses. And I think we’re pretty comfortable with how that’s working, we’re always looking for ways to continue to refine these things and see if we can do them better and doing more efficiently, so I wouldn’t take that off the table. That’s just part of how we operate. Overall, I think that transition was handled about as well as you could expect something like that to be handled. It was done quickly, it’s been fully integrated in the places like our sales force and our consumer engagement activities and we’re collecting the savings that have been accrued from that process. So I think we feel very good about that platform. And we also feel very good about the brand opportunities that we’ve been able to identify to use to grow these businesses going forward into the future. So we see plenty of opportunity there. This is not an acquisition where the games where simply short-term opportunities, this is one where there is an opportunity to build and grow and continue to get momentum out of this business going forward for an extended period of time and that’s what we expect to happen and we’re on the way to do it.
Mike Szymanczyk: I rather not be specific, it’s been a competitive marketplace and I think it will continue to be competitive. But I rather not –
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, again, I would point out that these brands in this business is already highly profitable business and so we haven’t, well, we have to go through a transition of getting it reconfigured as you can see by the first quarter, it makes a lot of profit, and it makes a lot of profit the way we’re running it now with the adjustments that we’ve made. So I don’t think we ever not have focused on profit, we’ve had focus on getting the system in place in order to be able to maximize the potential of business and we’re going to continue now that we got the system build to run the brand both to make money for our shareholders and to sustain the ability to do that over the long-term by building the brand equity still we have so both of those things after remain important.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, I would say just it’s kind of difficult for me to give an answer to your first question I would say probably the fact that gaps are being sustained at the level of their app, which is a good indication of what people are willing to pay for in a cigarette business and that the share is growing on a premium brand like Marlboro, we will say that the status of things right now, seems to be acceptable to consumers that are looking for the Marlboro brand. Whether that’s changing or not it’s hard for me to speculate on. Beyond that I would think we really would make to comment understanding your question.
Mike Szymanczyk: Oh, gas prices, I thought you said gap, I am sorry, gas prices. Now there has been this high before and frankly, we try to do a correlation between gas prices and cigarette purchase behavior once before and we couldn’t find a correlation. So I don’t suspect it would be one this time either but we haven’t seen it at this point.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well, we pretty much manage our duration levels based on our blends and then also based on volume. So we make appropriate adjustments and what our lead inventory is kind of as we go and then that has implications on, the quantity that we contract or to purchase so. As cigarette volumes have come down we have adjusted where our purchases are and we also make appropriate adjustments in our inventory going forward. That’s kind of an ongoing process.
Mike Szymanczyk: Well it’s very early. So we’re just in the stage of gaining distribution and getting it positioned on the shelf property. We do have some learnings from our test markets relative to engaging cigarette smokers on this subject that we will be putting in place as a part of this expansion of Snus, as I said in my comments, we feel pretty good about the potential for Snus, we set for a long time, we think this will be a kind of a methodical development of a business rather than something that happens rapidly. And so based on the fact that I think we have a better understanding of that now than we did within the test markets we should see some more positive results from this as it kind of unfolds over the next few years, but it’s very early for us to be able to read anything on this. Frankly, again, I think by the end of the year we can probably compare it at least somewhat kind of a similar duration of time in the test markets and see what’s different and we will be looking back and try to understand that.Thomas Russo – Gardner Russo & Gardner: Thanks Mike.
