Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I would say in general, the trends are in line with what our expectations were, although a lot of things have changed since we put together the initial acquisition model, not the least of which was we entered into a pretty significant recession. But I think that in general, what we were looking for was a focus on the premium brands, Copenhagen and Skoal, cost reduction, significant cost reduction to fund it, getting in line the price gaps, so that these premium brands could grow. And then kind of a Phase 2 approach, which includes looking at efficiencies, rationalizing the total portfolio, so that it can become more efficient. So that over time, we're really focused on what we think are the key growth levers in that business. And I would say we're making progress in line with what our expectations were. We did Copenhagen first and now we've moved to Skoal, Copenhagen remains on a nice growth trend. And I think while it's early on Skoal, the signs are right. We still have some remodeling to do with that franchise. It has a lot of SKUs and so we're -- as we adjust the franchise, we’re also pruning some of that, so we'll continue to have some effect from that kind of activity and we're also migrating share a bit from the discount portfolio that had been built up in USSTC before we acquired it. I think on top of that, you have this Snus phenomena, which is -- kind of adds a bit of complexity to reading the data on the overall Smokeless business and that's still evolving. And I don't know exactly where that's going to go longer term at this point. I tend to see more interaction relative to total pouch segment of the total Smokeless business, which would include Snus and MST pouches. As time goes on, more so than seeing Snus as kind of a separate business relative to the MST pouches business, which is larger. So that's still going to shake itself out. But all in all, we're trending in line with where we expected to trend and the margins are performing well. The business is performing well. The shares are moving in the right direction on Copenhagen and Skoal, and the cost side of that business has come in the line quite nicely with some more opportunities, I think, in front of us. So I'd say that's where it stands right now.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, inventories are always complex to look at. You have to look at them -- you have to look at what occurred in the prior year, as well as look at what's occurring in the current year to understand the effect. But we also went up against a pretty good hill relative to comparisons last year when we introduced Marlboro Special Blend. So we had a lot of activity on Special Blend and we had some tough comparisons this year on the Smokeless business. So I think when we look at the year originally, it appeared to us that the first half comparisons would be more difficult than the second half, and that's why I think we're feeling pretty comfortable that we're in line with what our guidance spells out.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, as I said before, this is kind of an evolution of a program approach that we've had for a decade or more now. So what happens when we make evolutionary changes in these programs is we always have a group of customers that jump on them immediately, and then we have other customers who don't see that program as a strategic fit for their business, and then we have customers who watch what happens in the marketplace and come on to the program over time. I would say in this particular case we've had broad acceptance and participation in this program and that, that's occurred pretty rapidly. The program that we currently have, as well as the ones in the past have always been created to help retailers use Marlboro as a competitive tool, and so that's what this does and so we've seen some competitive increase, competitive activity increase, relative to Marlboro leadership. I think that we saw some margin creep on Marlboro in the back half of last year, as some retail margins expanded more on Marlboro than it did on other brands in the category. It looks to us like in the second quarter that it came back in line with where it was prior to that creep occurrence. So the gap for Marlboro versus the lowest in the second quarter of this year was identical to where it was in the second quarter last year. And so that's been the impact. I mean this is something that we're always paying attention to. We evolve these programs. We'll evolve this one as time goes on. But so far, it's pretty much in line with what we would have expected it to do and it's pretty consistent with the way these programs have functioned in the past.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I would say, relative to the cost side of our business, really, it didn't have any impact. So it's transitioned from one program to another. And when you look at our total value spend, as a percentage of our total revenue, that's remained pretty flat as well both for the quarters relative to previous year. So I can't tell you that, that carves out a significant impact. More the impact is really in how retailers have chosen to compete in the marketplace.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, what we did was we launched some new SKUs and then after we launched those new SKUs, we went about delisting some SKUs that we had planned on delisting, so we kind of let one pick up the slack for the other. We have some SKUs that -- and if you look at them collectively, they had reasonable distribution. But if you look at them individually, they don't. So they're not very efficient. And some of that is due to the way the Skoal portfolio had been developed over time. So we're doing a remodeling of that. All of that took place at the beginning of April but it unfolds over a little bit of time in the marketplace, as you might expect.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, we look at that all the time in the Cigarette business. That's a regular cycle of analysis and the brand always has that on its agenda every year. I can’t speak to any particular SKU. In that business, all of these SKUs tend to be pretty profitable. So I can't suggest to you one that's a target, but it is a subject that we review regularly not just for Marlboro but across the portfolio, and we have done some delisting over time but like I said, most of them are profitable. So we only do that when it doesn't -- when it makes good sense to do it.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I think that, if you look at the brand's portfolio, what you'll see is that we've experienced growth in menthol. That's been going on for a while. We also, over time, launched some new blends on Marlboro that are designed to appeal to competitive adult smokers, non-menthol competitive adult smokers and we would expect to get some growth from that portfolio as well. And so because menthol is a place where we're underdeveloped and because to attract competitive premium smokers, you have to give them an offering that they find appealing. We use some kinds of promotion activity on these brands to -- on these SKUs, to go ahead and reach out to those folks. But I might point out to you -- so we'd expect to see growth from those particular areas. But I might point out to you as I said before, in the context of all that, the mix and Marlboro hasn't changed, its percentage of that business in terms of value spend of its revenues remains relatively low versus most competitive brands and in fact, is pretty constant. So this isn't a big mix shift for us because we don't promote all of these things, all the time. We use some strategically. So I don't know if that specifically answers your question, but I think that's the appropriate way for you to think about it.
Michael Szymanczyk: It seems to be sustaining just fine where it is, so I think that actually the stability between premium and discount, if you go back and look at it is pretty consistent for about a 15-year period now. So I think that there's no trend there. It's a pretty solid ratio, and we've been consolidating. If you look at our long-term growth trends, I know people have some difficulty looking at short-term comparisons and trying to figure out what the long-term growth trends are but we do figure them out. What you see is that Marlboro has been consolidating share in the Premium segment, so it's -- business comes from people who are more inclined to smoke a high-quality premium product. And I don't see anything changing that. I do think that particularly in tough economic times, you have to be thoughtful about how you manage your value equation and that includes how you manage your gap relative to the market. And keep in mind the reason why the gap percentage is lower now than it was is because of the FET. That FET is a mathematical adjustment that took a mid-40s gap down to a mid-30s gap, just do to the math, okay? So I think that, that all occurred at the same time that we went into some tough economic times. But nonetheless, that's how that gap got to the mid-30s from the mid to lower-40s. So no, I think that, that's something that you have to pay attention to, but the Premium segment looks pretty healthy and Marlboro is very healthy within it.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I sometimes hesitate to even include quarterly category growth trends because, frankly, category growth trends don't operate on quarterly curves. They tend to be much longer term in their movement. So I wouldn't get too caught up with it. I think you saw some moderation in the decline rate in the Cigarette business. You also saw a comparison versus a period where you had a high degree of activity, introductory activity on Snus. So all of those are little factors in the quarter's numbers but they aren't by any means indicative of any long-term trend issue. So I wouldn't get too caught up in that.
Michael Szymanczyk: That's correct. We moved from a pack or we actually introduced some new SKUs that actually have 15 pouches, which is consistent with competitive pouches and consistent with Skoal Snus, while all of the packings on Marlboro Snus to that point had 6 pouches in them, they were smaller packets. The smaller packets are still out there but the introductory activity and much of the business is shifting to the 15 pack or 15 pouch package.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, as I mentioned, I think it's increasingly difficult to segment out the Snus segment from pouches in general and the Smokeless business. And so as we get more time on this business, we're beginning to understand it in greater detail and understand the consumer dynamics, and who the consumers are for these products and recognize that whenever there's a lot of promotion activity of the type that is taking place on Snus, you'll have some transference of consumption that takes place simply because of the level of the deal activity that is there and I think we saw some of that between MST pouches, which were the largest player relative to the Snus business, which is all pouch business. So we'll continue to monitor this. I have some thoughts about whether or not we ought to really just be paying attention to pouches in general, and then there are different types of pouches in the marketplace but we're still evaluating that.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I'm not going to try and project the impact on the profits but we should be realizing shipments and impact on the offshore manufactured Cigar business prior to the end of the year.
Michael Szymanczyk: Yes. I think they were really across the business, and a big part of the cost savings in the second quarter was related to SG&A expense, which then gets allocated across all the businesses. And you're correct in that we had quite a significant reduction here in the second quarter. But if you look at history, the cost savings tend to come through a bit unevenly by quarter, and we continue to feel we'll be on track and we'll probably even exceed a little bit our $1.5 billion cost reduction target by the end of this year.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, we're going to have some production offshore for some SKUs in our volume lineup. We're not certainly not getting our production here in the U.S. We continue to have strong production up in Pennsylvania. So it's a portion. We will have some offshore capacity variability that we can use based on what we think is appropriate. But it's a portion of our business.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I can't give you the number off the top of my head but Skoal has the largest pouch business in the Smokeless business overall, so it does have a large pouch business.
Michael Szymanczyk: No, I think it's pretty much doing what it's supposed to do. I think it's still early on Skoal X-tra, so it's a little bit tough to reach Skoal X-tra, while we're washing out the delisted SKUs. But we're optimistic about it at this point, and Copenhagen is doing very well. So it's pretty much in line with what we expected.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, as I said before, we continue to work in the area of alternative products for cigarette smokers, so we do think that's an opportunity and we do have several projects underway in that particular area.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I think we've communicated about this before. We are focused on reducing our interest costs but I think as we've looked at some of the maturities we have coming up here over the next couple of years, we entered the debt market this year really to be opportunistic in taking advantage of low rates. And right now, I think our plans had been communicated for this year. We're well into our $1 billion share repurchase program and certainly the debt we've taken on this year and last year is at a substantially lower rate than the debt that was issued around the UST acquisition.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I don't know that we envisioned what they would do. But I would say that, that is not an unusual process in the FDA and other areas. So it is not without precedent that the FDA does, in fact, sometimes go out and have work peer reviewed and published as a part of being thorough in terms of their scientific analysis on a particular subject. So it wasn't a surprise to see that. We knew that was a methodology, a process that's used sometimes by the FDA to make sure that they are happy with the science and evidence that they're utilizing to make regulatory decisions.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, on first question, just for perspective, we had ceased shipping actually to wholesalers that were the primary supply chain that you're referring to relative to New York back in 2008. So we didn't really have any impact on our shipments because of that. I can't tell you longer term as that systemic change takes hold to what the impact might be, but we had operated outside of that system for a while. So it didn't really have any short-term impact on us at all. Relative to the other question, the NPM dispute, that's been going on for a long time. We've now entered into arbitration on the first year of that, which is in 2003, which is a by-year arbitration that takes place sequentially. So some point, 2003, you'll get completed and then we'll move on to 2004 and so on. There have been conversations with the states on this subject for a long time. So I would say it's probably going to continue to play out over an extended period of time. I can't provide much other insight than that.
Michael Szymanczyk: The memorandum of understanding, I can't. I just don't -- I don't know that, that's got a lot of bearing on this situation. A complex situation with lots of different states with different issues, different motivations, and it's a complex issue. I suspect, played out over an extended period of time thus far. It wouldn't surprise me if that continues to be the case.
