Billy Gifford: Yes I think the only thing I would add to that Bonnie is that we have incorporated those savings that we expect in this year into our guidance that we provided earlier.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Matt I'll take that because it is -- thanks for the question. I think when you look at margins in the smokeable category, you really have to think about there were two kind of primary factors, one we've talked about on a regular basis and that was the pension remember we've dated the mortality table at the end of last year and that gave us a bit of a drag on the expense side of that as we went through the year so that was still present. From an equity standpoint you saw us investing, we showed some of that at Investor Day around some of the digital innovations, some of the mobile couponing efforts that we have underway, those would be the primary factors that I would point out.
Billy Gifford: Hi Chris, this is Billy. Thanks for the question. When you think about SAB it's always a contributor to profitability, right. We have earnings that flow though to them. As far as whether it's going to be larger or smaller than last year, we don’t go to that level of detail, know that from a currency standpoint, we looked at how currency impacted us in ’15. We incorporate that in to our guidance for ’16, so we feel comfortable with what we have in and so yes, it will be a contributor to profitability.
Marty Barrington: Yes, the menthol segment continues to grow moderately as you know and we continue to grow our share of the menthol segment where we're under indexed and have opportunity. So, we're pretty pleased with our menthol performance.
Marty Barrington: Yes, what I said is that the segment continues to grow modestly and that we continue to grow our share of it and obviously Marlboro is a key way that we do that.
Marty Barrington: Yes I am familiar with the number for total tobacco volume, I think for the last government figures I've seen, but I haven't seen them yet for 2015, so I don’t want to hazard guess on that although obviously we know that the cigarette volume flattened because of the effects that we talked about in 2015. In terms of cigarette volume, the long-term trends 3 to 5 long-term trends tend to persist over the long-term, we know that ’15 was a little bit different for a variety of factors. I think the question for ’16 Bonnie is, if you expect it to revert back to historical levels, at what pace? We continue to see a stronger adult tobacco consumer right now, so we'll have to see what that pace is. But I think overtime, you would expect for it to return to long-term trend.
Marty Barrington: What I mean to say is that I think the long-term trends tend to revert to the main. The long-term trend has been 3 to 4. The pace at which it returns to 3 to 4 in ’16 and beyond, I think is just hard to estimate because of the anomaly of the 2015 factors.
Marty Barrington: Yes, that's good question because I think you do have to distinguish the year-over-year effect from what the status of the consumer is. We go into the year believing as a whole that the adult tobacco consumer continues to feel better going into ’16 as they did in ’15. Obviously unemployment is down, housing starts are up. The effective gasoline prices we see improved adult tobacco consumer confidence. Now of course that effect was felt in ’15 and we doubt that we're going to see the same effect as year-over-year to ’16 but I think it's good news I think that we think that the adult tobacco consumer goes into 2016 with those positive feelings, there's always changes that could happen in the macro-environment, you see speculation in some quarters about recession clouds looming that obviously would change everything, but we went into the year feeling pretty about the adult tobacco consumer.
Marty Barrington: Yes, I mean, our desire as you know is to continue grow income in that segment while maintaining modest share momentum on Marlboro. If you look at the net pricing for the year Judy it's almost 5% which is at the higher end of the historical range. I had occasion to go back and look at the four year average, it's about four in the quarter, and so that works. We are always mindful of the price gap and there is competition in the industry. So with that kind of net pricing realization and attention to cost management, growing some share and the diverse business platform we have, we think that's kind of the Altria story and we like the way that's been played out over the last several years where you've seen really consistent EPS growth at about 8% through thick and thin and we think that's the model that we should stick with.
Marty Barrington: We are always cautious at the beginning of the year. We saw more activity actually last year didn’t? We than we had seen in the last previous years, we took eight I think memory serves we took eight STC increases last year. So there are always puts and takes with them we know that there are going to be lots of proposals, we have a very talented government affairs team which tries to advocate on behalf of our consumers. So we'll have to see as we go into the year.
Marty Barrington: The charges are to grow our business for the long-term and to reallocate our resources against growth initiatives. I think that you always have to be mindful of costs overtime, if you have opportunities to improve in your infrastructure or to improve your organization and to invest those savings in your brands or in your products for the future or in the way you can go to the market you should do that and I think it's one of the reasons Matt, that Altria has been successful over decades and while these programs are never easy to accomplish that's how you grow overtime and when you see Altria's growth overtime it is because we do these programs often from strength and that is the case today, our business is strong but we believe we should invest in several of these initiatives now and after this.
Marty Barrington: I think the answer is nothing that we haven't contemplated. The brands have some new owners and owners talked about their plans about what to do with the brands at retail we fully contemplated that but we haven't seen anything that I'd call out as significant or material.
Marty Barrington: Well I think the way to think about it is you constantly want to look at your resources you want to make sure that they're allocated to the best possible way, if you can find productivity to invest in your growth areas while becoming more efficient in other areas you should do that for the long-term health of the business. That's how we think about productivity and we do it all the time but from time-to-time we have opportunities to take bigger steps and we're going to be implementing this productivity initiative over 2016 and 2017 so that we can invest in some of these important initiatives that we've identified in the release.
Marty Barrington: With discipline, I think you have to -- you really do, I mean you have to be disciplined about it, the category is a very interesting emerging category, we know that there is consumer interest, so you want to have products there, and you want to be investing and you want to be learning, but you always want to do that with discipline because we're trying to do it within the guidance that we're trying to provide about how we're growing all of our businesses long-term and I think we've done a better job with that, with MarkTen recently and especially with MarkTen XL, it's a better product Michael, it's been very well received by the consumer. We're getting good results in our lead markets and so we're rolling out on and expanding with discipline and trying to spend appropriately but not overspending.
Marty Barrington: Yes, good question, listen they go up and they go down for us but they usually washout over the year as you know and I think that's what happened in ’15. When we look at wholesale inventory we really don't see anything remarkable in comparing yearend ’15, against yearend ’14. As a matter of fact, if you refer I think Chris to the sheet that we provide, you see the numbers that about spot on. You did see some depletion during the fourth quarter which we predicated, I think in the third quarter call. But honestly I think as we go into 2016, we just don't see anything remarkable and as I mentioned earlier, we will have to see how the volume plays out throughout the year.
Marty Barrington: Yes, let me take the second one first. Thanks for those. As you know FDA has been working on a steaming regulations it's our understanding that they over at OMB and that the process is now is now between OMB and FDA. And they have not said when they expect to announce, they had said that they expected it to be in 2015, but of course we're now in ’16 and that hasn't happened. So I am afraid, I can't give you much more color than that, the process is a little opaque. I want to make sure I understand the question you had about retail, if you're asking about our product MarkTen XL and our lead markets, our retailers are very excited about that product, it's been selling very well and it's got a good response. I couldn't quite tell if that's what you're asking about or if you're asking something more general.
Marty Barrington: Yes, it slowed a little bit. It had very mediocre as a category growth when it first came out, it was up over 100% year-over-year and then 50% the year after that and then the last year we estimated the category growth in dollar sales was about 25%, but a lot of that was in the first half as it slowed in the second. So the category growth has slowed down, but it still remains interesting to adult tobacco consumers and interesting enough for us to want to compete there.
Marty Barrington: Sure, thanks for the question. Look we're always assessing both marketplace conditions and where we stand from a overall capital position within that company. We feel very comfortable with where we're at, but we're always assessed the marketplace for opportunities to take advantage of and to your point we took advance of some of that in the beginning of the year with a debt tender that we did in the first quarter of ’15. So we assess it overall what are the cash needs of the business and what are the marketplace conditions when we make those decisions.
Marty Barrington: Well, I can appreciate the question, but you can appreciate that I can't tell you that right now. We don’t even have the closing date for the transaction. We're not sure when it's going to close. And so you just forgive me, I don’t want to get ahead of those parties’ transaction by speculating about the benefit to us. As you know we think is a very attractive transaction and we think that the combined company is going to be a terrific company and we're really pleased to be able to participate in the company going forward but I don't want to get into any more detail with that at this time if you will allow me. Thanks.
Marty Barrington: No, I guess it's certainly -- first I know you try on this but it's just competitively sensitive about how we do this and I think what's more, I don't mean to be cavalier like that I just mean that what we really want to look at is the overall dimensions of Marlboro, how is it doing across all of the families, how is it doing from a total equity point of view, how is it doing in terms of the price gap it can command and so forth and so on. And I know you know all that so I won't repeat it. Marlboro is doing exactly what we want it to do and if you look at Marlboro Black it has just added a whole new dimension for example to the brand, it's staying relevant to the current cohort of adult tobacco consumers, it commenced nice price premiums, so Marlboro's great but we're just not going to break it out at that level, I hope you'll indulge me on that.
Marty Barrington: Yes, I can our position to begin with is of course there should be minimum-age laws and we were the company and went around and led the effort on that to make sure that there were minimum-age laws in place everywhere and that they were vigorously in forced and we spent an awful lot of time and energy and resources on that which is completely appropriate and we support that. We support a minimum age of 18 and if you look at the reference points, the overwhelming majority of the states use 18. The Master Settlement Agreement from the 1990s used 18 and when we passed the FDA bill it was 18 and further the FDA bill contemplated a process to study whether the age should be raised and they gave that pass to FDA, FDA is now doing that and our view on that is they should let FDA do that job and send a report over to Congress and then we could have an intelligent debate about whether the age should be raised or not, but this sort of ad-hoc approach of locality here or state there doesn't seem to make good public policy sense to us. So, we believe in 18 and we also support the process that was in place from the statute to study issue.
Marty Barrington: They're encouraging, we really I think have improved the Green Smoke platform, we have it in a number of retail stores as you know, it's been very well received, it continues to be the leader in the e-commerce space and so we're working on that brand portfolio strategy now but we're glad to have Green Smoke in the portfolio and obviously the company has helped us from a supply chain point of view immensely.
Marty Barrington: Let me begin by saying thanks for calling in by saying that we're going to speak with our organization later this morning and I hope you could appreciate that I want to speak to our organization about our plans there before I do in a public venue. So, you've to indulge me a bit on that, but yes we intend to have a leaner organization, what lean typically means, it means in this case is we want to have an organization that has fewer layers and we have broader spans of control in our managerial ranks and if we can work towards those ends and we can then reinvest those savings in our growth initiatives we should do that, it may be that we can give you more information later in the day, after I've spoken to the organization but I don't want to get ahead of it on the call.
