Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, so the vapor category has grown. You'll remember Chris, there was a period when it grew fast, when it first came into the market, and then flattened and now it's growing again. This is consistent I think with what we've been saying all along which is as the technologies get better and particularly as adult smokers are able to learn about the products that we would expect migration over time and that's why we're, have the innovation aspiration we do. So, the numbers are hard to come by as you know. We can look at the measured channels. It looks to us like the volume was up in 2017 about 11%. And at least in measured channels is moving much faster than that this year. It's very hard to get numbers around the other channels' e-commerce and some of the vape shops. Listen, in terms of volume, in the cigarette category I think Billy covered it pretty well, which is there are a number of factors which affect cigarette industry volume and it happens over time. Our view on this, we don't guide on volume, as you know, Chris. But we expect for that rate to moderate as we go through 2018 because we're going to lap the California SET. I'd also remind people that the rates tend to be a little bit lumpy. If I look at 2017, for example by quarter, the rates were 3%, 4.5%, 3.5%, and 4.5% and then it smoothed out to about 4%, which is in the long-term range. I remind everybody I won't go through the mechanics because I know you all know this, but we have a very highly-developed model to monitor this which comprises both secular decline rate and price elasticity. And we look at a number of factors in the secular decline rates, including the migration of smokers to other technology. So we're keeping an eye on that. But we have good plans for 2018. We've reaffirmed, we have confidence in the plan. As probably lastly, just worth reminding ourselves that over time there have been other predictions about trend breaks in the cigarette volume decline that have not materialized. I remember once around 2011 or 2012 about vapor, and it was going to be an immediate disruptor and it turned out not to be true. And then on the other side we remember gas prices dropped and consumers did better, and we were, some were predicting it was going to go up. So we look at it over time. We monitor it regularly, and we'll be ready for whatever comes.
Martin J. Barrington: No. Yeah, we're spending. It's in our plans for 2018. You're right. We're not going to guide by the quarters. But, Chris, if you look at the national launch of Marlboro Ice, if you look at the expansion of MarkTen Elite, if you look at the filing of the MRTPA application for Copenhagen snuff and so forth, you can see that those investments are starting to flow through in those important long-term places. And I think we've got a year to go. But again, we're encouraged by Marlboro stabilizing sequentially from the last quarter.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. So I'm afraid we don't have much to offer you on timing because it remains at the FDA. And, as you know, those timelines, Bonnie, and they continue to look at it. But we're hopeful we'll hear from them soon. We remain very excited about the prospects of bringing IQOS to the U.S. marketplace. We think it's a very good product with a good sensory experience that has good satisfaction parallel to cigarettes. There's no ash, there's less odor. And it's a compelling harm reduction opportunity, as we know, from the application. So, I know there has been some discussion about its performance in Japan. I know that you'll remember that when we've been asked to try to pick a market that we like, we've refrained from doing so. And I think that turns out to be right. We're trying to gain the insights from each of the markets, apply them to what we think will happen in the U.S. market. It's also worth reminding people that we have a portfolio approach to harm reduction. So while we're very excited about IQOS and we are going to be working very hard to convert adult smokers, we also have the largest smokeless business in the world, which is already profitable. And obviously, we're building a vapor business. So that's how we think about it in the context of our long-term strategy. And we don't get too excited about short-term information about IQOS. We continue to believe in it and we're really excited about bringing it to the U.S. market.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. Well, that's what we're going to – sure, good question. That's what we're going to go find out when we get to market. This is a product that has not been introduced to the U.S. market. And I know you remember from our Investor Day presentation that our belief is, is that consumers, like in most categories, will segment along product lines and we want to be there with the leading options. And so, as the consumer segment, we will make investments behind the leading bets. And the honest answer is no one will know how it will interact until we put it in the market and observe that, and that's one of the things we're going to learn as soon as we can get it there.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes. I think the investments are paying back, and this is why we have said for some time now, including when we guided early in the year, that long-term investors should look, I think, at our full year performance against our strategies, including these investments. And, by golly, we're guiding to a 15% to 19% EPS growth year and we see 30% in the first quarter. So I know it's tempting in some places to bore into the segment reporting for each quarter, but that's not how we think about it. And I think investors should think about it the same way, which is long-term growth in EPS. And by the way, that gets converted into cash through the dividend payout ratio.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, there is interaction, and as you know and we've been predicting this as we bring innovative products to the marketplace, there is going to be interaction because if you will remember again from presentations we've made previously, we know about half of adult smokers are looking for products to migrate to that offer them nicotine that they may want or need, but that offer them a reduced harm. So we would expect that over time. Now, again, just another historical footnote. We went back and we looked, and I have counted at least five brands in the e-vapor category that had very significant growth rates early and then fell back to earth over time. And so, this is not the first time that we have seen some excitement about a category growth. And what we're learning is, is that you have to dimensionalize the size of the category. The category is about $90 billion retail in the United States. We think vapor is probably about $3 billion of that in 2017. So it remains a fraction of the overall category. And time will tell as adult smokers migrate. So again, we're the long-term people. Our long-term strategy is to move them to innovative products. But I think it's worth remembering the history that there have been some rockets before that haven't sustained their trajectory.
Martin J. Barrington: I hope it doesn't. But I think it's important that everybody understand that this is a category that comes with responsibility. And those of us who have been here for some time understand that the responsibility actions we take, particularly in the area of youth access, are most important. And, some of the developments we've seen, I think may reflect that other companies have not understood that as they've entered the market. It's why we work so hard on this in terms of youth access prevention in our trade programs and the like. There is nothing inconsistent, in my view, with trying to develop innovative products for adults while taking steps to limit their reach to young people. And we have done it for decades and that's how we're running our e-vapor business.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Maybe two things, Vivien, from our end. One is sort of how the consumer is doing and then the movement within discount. So we continue to be net positive on the consumer. But we're watchful of a few things, to be sure. I mean on the positive side we're at full employment. And confidence remains good and the housing starts look okay to us. On the watch-out list I think is you haven't seen the wage gains that you might expect in a full employment environment. And, of course, they're not evenly distributed. Gas prices are up about 10% year-over-year, as you and some others have noted. And we're also watching to make sure that there aren't other costs that are kind of eating away at disposable income. But net-net I think we remain positive. There is no question though that there are manufacturers in the marketplace that are investing behind trying to get the lowest price cigarette brand in the store. And you see that in the deep discount. So discounts about 24% according to our estimate. It's up about three tenths, which is a tick up from where it had been. All of that basically from the deep discount end. Looks to us like about half of that is switching out from manufacturers discount. And then the other three-tenths, give or take, it's not quite this precise, but roughly, Vivien, comes from the remaining 75% there. So there are consumers, to be sure, who will go into a trade channel and ask for the cheapest brand in the store. And there are some companies that are offering it to them. So I think that probably explains our view of what's happening in the discount category. Obviously, it's not an area of focus for us, as we're focused on premium, especially Marlboro.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. I can't speak for the FDA, but I'm confident that they will look at that, along with a host of things. Our experience with them has been that they're very thorough, and I think that they will look at the product performances and I'm sure with the flavor ANPRM, this is going to come up. So, while I can't speak for them it seems sensible to me that they would do that.
Martin J. Barrington: Maybe I'll take that up a level, Steve, so I don't, be commenting about other people's products and competitive information which we have which I'm not particularly interested in sharing on a call. But I think what we do know is that among adult smokers, it's pretty widely held that they are looking for alternatives and that's true for both adult male and female smokers as well as across the age cohorts. I can say also that we take great care when we we're looking at the age cohorts to make sure that we're focusing our efforts on adult smokers and so forth. But in terms of the interplay between one brand and our cigarette brand, I think that's a topic I'm not going to discuss on the call. I hope you can appreciate that.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, I thought when we presented at Investor Day and Jody took us through how he's thinking about it, what our aspiration for vapor is to be the leading e-vapor company in the United States that offers superior products to people who want them. And that we have cigarette margins – cigarette-like margins at scale and that continues to be our aspiration and as the volume comes in it helps us along that way. So we are bullish about the ability to build a business there that has cigarette-like margins. It's early right now of course and we're investing. And there's a lot of FDA spend, but over time, we're pretty bullish about that possibility.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, so if I remember this correctly, there are 90 day response deadlines to each of the ANPRMs and they all came out within about a week or so of each other. I don't have the date in my head at the moment, but we can get you that. I think that we and others have asked for extensions. These are enormously complex topics they've asked on, and so they may be extended. And if that's of interest to you, Steve, I'll have Bill get you those dates. I just don't have them top of mind. But nominally 90 days, but there may be extensions for the replies. And the replies will probably trigger some discussion of those as well.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, it continues, I would say, to stay competitive. I don't think there's been any significant changes in the first quarter that I would call out from the typical back and forth on the promotional. Naturally, you have some folks that are expanding brands, and they put promotional devices in place. But I don't think it's anything materially different from the fourth quarter.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. Well, we watch it carefully obviously given our focus on premium business, and you'll probably remember, Adam, there have been periods in the past where the discount category grew such that we had to take action to compete more effectively there. I would say at 24% of the market, it's relatively stable, and you see us continuing to do a good job. So, we don't have a trip wire that I'll call out, but it's something that we monitor.
Martin J. Barrington: ...which is price gap. So I think that's probably the easier way to think about it. You remember this from Marlboro Friday and others. Net gap gets out of line, and then we know we have to be mindful of that. The gap's right now at about 30%. And it can probably expand a bit, but that's probably the better number to look at, Adam.
Martin J. Barrington: That's flatter a bit because of the recall. Obviously, we had a lot of costs in the first quarter of 2017, so the delta between this quarter and that, Adam, is flatter a bit by that, but it's a high margin business. There's no denying it. I think it's fair to observe that the category has been flattish in terms of its volume growth. It used to go about 5%, call it, and it's clearly slowed down a little bit to be flattish or down a little bit on the six-month moving. There's probably a couple of reasons for that. One is something we talked about earlier which is there are consumers that are trying other products; and secondly, the retail pricing is up more in 2017 than it has been over 2015 and 2016. And I think that's had an effect on category growth which is something we're also looking at.
Martin J. Barrington: MarkTen Bold, I think, is off to good start, Nik. It's a very good product, particularly as it appeals, I think, to adult smokers who are looking for similar experience there. And so, it's early days with MarkTen Bold, but the early feedback is very good.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, it's true. And I think it's also format. So I think in the e-vapor category, the product bundle is both the format, the satisfaction and the flavor. And so we have very good flavor there, and I think it has good satisfaction. But it is a cig-alike product, and that is a segment that is under some pressure in e-vapor. We've got, obviously, in MarkTen Elite, a pod-based product, which is a different formulation. And what we're trying to do there is to match consumer expectations through different devices. You may know, for example there, that the pod has about twice as much liquid as another competitive brand. And we're trying to meet the consumer where they want to be through different techniques. I think we're going to see this for a while, Nik, as both formats, flavors and satisfaction are worked on in the category. And remember, we also have the complexity of the FDA rules that allow you to launch some products but not others, given when they were in the marketplace. So that's the bundle of things that we're working through. But when I look at what Nu Mark has done, we have a very good offering in cig-alike. I think we have a very good offering now in a pod-based product. And through our interest in Avail, we're learning a lot about the open segment. So I think that's the right strategy.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, good question. We built at least three scenarios that depend on the consumer reaction to it. We have contingency plans in place to scale it faster in faster scenarios. Capacity we do not expect to be an issue. We've got some things to learn, as you know, about pricing and the brand and how we go to market. I mean, I don't want people to underestimate, this is all new with IQOS, as PMI has experienced. What we've tried to do is to have a program in place that allows us to learn quickly, make the adjustments we need, and to scale fast depending upon its performance, which we continue to be optimistic about.
Martin J. Barrington: I think it's one of many factors. It's not the same dramatic effect as when they dropped. I think that's fair to say. But because so much of the volume moves through convenience and gas, Michael, if it's up – I saw a figure, I think, $0.25 maybe year-over-year – it's not insignificant. And so we're keeping a close eye on it. It's not the same magnitude, but I think it's one of many factors that has affected the volume, probably, in our view.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, we're about eight weeks out, so we try to get to the right places fast. And then, obviously, when brands continue to succeed, we'll get them in a wider distribution. But the way we do this is we set target distributions and dates and we're right on track with Marlboro Ice. And given its success, it wouldn't surprise me at all to see it expand over time.
Martin J. Barrington: No. You're getting pretty good at this about knowing all this technical stuff Michael. It's been filed but it has not been technically accepted which takes some time for them to go through the application, dot the I's, and cross the T's. So, I guess in FDA's view, the clock has not yet started to run.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. We've had two that have been passed this year. There's been one in Oklahoma, which was $1 a pack and there was a second in Kentucky which was $0.50 a pack. We had proposals for about 26 of them. Some of the state legislatures are now starting to wrap up but we continue to see those as risks but so far this year anyway those two I called out.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, sure. Let me go back to where we started, it may be you were not on the call early. We don't guide on volume. What our observation was is that we would expect for the volume decline rate to moderate as we lap California going into the second quarter.
Martin J. Barrington: I guess it won't surprise you Bonnie to know that I'm not going to comment on the second quarter until we get to the second quarter. You'll have to forgive me.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes. That remains true. I think Billy's description at the Investor Day and at CAGNY about our willingness to grow our business both organically and in the right scenario non-organically continues to be true.
William F. Gifford, Jr.: Yeah, Judy, as we've said before, look, we buy back shares based on market conditions. We're currently in a program and we'll evaluate that as we progress through the year.
William F. Gifford, Jr.: Yeah, Matt. There're really no constraints from a capacity standpoint. It's really when you see that, you'll see fluctuations when you compare year-over-year, quarter by quarter. There'll be puts and takes as we move through the year. And so we certainly are disciplined as we approach the e-vapor category but no constraints that are limiting us.
William F. Gifford, Jr.: Yeah, I'll talk about Marlboro. From a standpoint of being broad-based, it is broad-based, Nik. From a standpoint of fine-tuning, we are always in the process of fine-tuning. That's something that the PM USA team does very well. And they'll look and adjust state-by-state to fine-tune the effectiveness of our spending related to Marlboro.
Vivien Azer: Okay. No problem. Just in terms of the dynamics within the cigarette category, Marty, I think over the last few quarters we've been discussing some of the dynamics that are happening at the lower end of the category.
Vivien Azer: Absolutely. That's really helpful. If you take a step back, Marty, and I really appreciated your comments that, yeah, when gas prices were good...
Vivien Azer: All right. That's good news. Last question for me. On FDA – I'm not sure if you're going to comment on this, but I'm going to try to ask the question anyway.
Vivien Azer: I'm curious whether you think the FDA appreciates that the pharmacokinetic profile can be very different within e-cigarettes, because as I think about the ANPRM around characterizing flavors, anything that is a combustible cigarette, and certainly what you guys are aspiring to do on IQOS fits into a much more tightly-regulated flavor profile. And I wonder whether they, whether they're kind of looking at that, if the pharmacokinetic profile matters and whether that informs how you're thinking about characterizing flavors – or whether you think they should be. Thank you.
Stephen Robert Powers: Continuing on with e-vapor and the topic du jour, I'm wondering what your analytics tell you about the demographic overlap between today's e-vapor consumer and really I guess the JUUL adopter specifically, and your core smokeable segment consumer. Because I guess I'm just trying to – is there anything there that might make you more or less optimistic when you think about direct smokeable cannibalization risks on your brands from e-vapor? Especially in the near term as JUUL growth remains robust and for example your MarkTen franchise grows. Thanks.
Stephen Robert Powers: The various advanced notices of proposed rulemaking that you mentioned that the FDA had issued over the last several months, can you remind us...
Stephen Robert Powers: ...of the expected timeline from here of your responses and the likely news flow that you see associated with it? Because just given what we saw in March, obviously, FDA-related headlines can certainly have an impact on how the market perceives risk around your stock. So, I just, I think it's important to remain clear about what may or may not lie ahead on that front.
