Salvatore Mancuso: Thanks for the question. We were really happy to be able to revise our guidance and take up the bottom end of the guidance by a full percentage point. We took the top half -- the top end of the guidance up about 0.5 percentage point. I would read into that the confidence in our core businesses.  But also, it provides us with flexibility as we go throughout the year to manage not only our overall business, but to make investments behind our innovative tobacco products. So we feel really good about being able to provide the guidance. It reflects the accretion of the ABI transaction. 
Salvatore Mancuso: Bonnie, I'm going to unpack that question a little bit. Hopefully, I touch on all aspects of it. If I don't, please follow up.  As we talked about in our opening remarks, I think first quarter, there's a couple of items that I would point out. It's really about comparisons to prior year that impact the first quarter at a higher level then we think will impact the rest of the year.  A couple of adjustments, if you will, accounting adjustments as you think about. One is within the MSA cost per pack. We've seen adjustments in the past. There's a lot of variables. It's a complex calculation when you develop the accrual for MSA. And in the past, you've seen adjustments related to things like inflation.  This quarter, we did make an adjustment. It was really specific to industry profits. Specifically, one of our major competitors had lower profits than anticipated.  And then on the cost side, not to get too deep into the accounting, but we do account for inventory in the [ LIFO ] methodology. So when you revalue the inventory, it does impact the P&L, and it impacts the P&L in the first quarter at a higher level than it will in the remainder of the year.  To your broader question, we feel very confident in our ability to continue to grow margins within the smokable products segment. And we're really happy with the performance of that segment, the performance of Marlboro, where you saw stable share performance and growth in the premium segment of the cigarette category. 
Salvatore Mancuso: Yes. The year-over-year increase was higher in the first quarter. And then finally, let me also point out, the smokeable products segment did benefit from lower SG&A costs that -- and it will continue to benefit from that throughout the year. So again, we feel very good about the smokable products segment, going forward. 
Salvatore Mancuso: Matt, we don't -- as you know, we don't guide at the segment level, but you are correct in that you are seeing a shift in R&D spending towards the innovative products, and that's part of the SG&A benefit I talked about within the smokable segment earlier with Bonnie. The smokeable segment will continue to benefit from those lower SG&A costs as the year progresses. 
Salvatore Mancuso: I want to make sure I'm answering your question, Gaurav, if I don't, please follow up.  You are right that we provided you with the new tax basis. And tax is just one of many variables that we consider related to the ABI investment and our capital allocation analysis. The transaction that we executed earlier this year, the shares we sold were a mix of both the restricted and unrestricted shares. And what we shared with you is that the tax liability was less than $100 million. Our expectation is that we can offset that in the future related to ABI losses -- I'm sorry, [ JUUL ] losses.  The other thing I'll just remind you is that if you think about the [ JUUL ] losses, we took about half, let's call it, just over half; as ordinary losses for tax -- for cash tax purposes, but we fully reserve that on the P&L. We continue to wait to get feedback from the IRS. We hope to hear more as the year progresses. 
William Gifford: Yes. We always look at our strategies, Pamela, but we feel like that is the right strategy. I would phrase it a little bit differently than you did. It's to maximize profitability over the long term while making appropriate investments in Marlboro and the growth segment.  So when you think about that, I think when you think about the pricing, and we've talked about the factors that go into pricing decisions, certainly, we've highlighted for you that our consumer is under economic strain, both from the cumulative impact of inflation as well as debt loads and high interest rates.  And so we're going to continue to maximize profitability over the long term. We feel good about the price realization we had in the quarter, it was [ 8.5% ]. I think it's important to step back and think about what the consumer felt at retail. And so when you think about that, that was just shy of 6%.  So there's still competition out there. But our consumer is under pressure, and we're going to make appropriate investments and be there for them. I think if you look back through history, that's proven to be a strong strategy. 
William Gifford: Yes, I appreciate the question, Bonnie. I'd be careful not to talk about future pricing decisions. But I think when you step back and you look at how it's performed over time, I think what you see is the benefit of the investments we made in data analytics, really from a standpoint of being able to bring revenue growth management, where we started in traditional moist smokeless tobacco and brought it over to cigarettes.  You see that Marlboro is steady overall share and growing share of premium. Yes, you see a little bit of down trading. But I think if you look back through history, you see that occur when the consumer is under economic pressure. We feel good about the tools we have within Marlboro, and I think it shows in the strength of the performance of that brand.  From a standpoint of the pressures on volume, we try to provide for you the decomposition. And you see from a secular decline in price elasticity holding steady, it's really the macroeconomic and to your point, the proliferation of illicit e-vapor.  And so we really need to see from an overall standpoint, a regulatory environment that is effective and is both looking at authorizing smoke-free products that the consumer is demanding and enforcement against illicit e-vapor products. 
William Gifford: Yes. I appreciate your question. I think from a standpoint of guidance, look, we run a range of scenarios of what could be the outcomes as we progress through the year. We reaffirmed that guidance and feel very good about the guidance that we have out in the marketplace.  I think when you think about the e-vapor, we believe that the overall e-vapor category continues to grow, with the vast majority of that coming from illicit disposable e-vapor products. While there, we started filling some of our information gaps, the nature of it being illicit as it goes around the normal distribution chain.  I think the best thing I can point you to, and we included this in our quarterly metrics, you saw the growth and the consumers engaged on a 12-month moving just shy of [ 18 ] million consumers now engaged with a step-up of both those that are fully converted and those that are still using cigarettes and e-vapor.  And then going to the decomposition, range estimate for the impact of e-vapor in the cigarette category is 1.5 to 2.5. And again, we're looking to fill those information gaps that the nature of it being illicit. We feel good about that range. I know it's a bit of a wide range, but as we continue to fill those information gaps and try to get a read on the illicit marketplace, we'll provide those updates as appropriate. 
William Gifford: Yes. I think from a standpoint, I would encourage you to look at price realization over the longer term. I think it's exactly what you referred to. We highlighted as we progressed through 2023, there are some investments we wanted to make, both on the menthol segment of Marlboro as well as some of the discount pressure we're seeing, in pockets.  I think it's important to remember that price gap that we show on a national basis, we're managing that price gap down at the store level. So you can go from one side of the city to the other and see different price gaps in stores.  And so being able to mine that data, I think you see it with the strength of Marlboro and to your point, the strong price realization we experienced in the quarter. 
William Gifford: I wouldn't say stepped up for any purposes from a share standpoint. Really, what we -- you see happening, Gaurav, you see that the data that we have, I mentioned the investments in advanced analytics, being able to bring that from both moist smokeless tobacco and the smokeable segment over to the nicotine pouch segment. And so you're going to have pulse promotions through time.  The real goal there is to keep the converted consumer engaged with the brand, but still induce trial, both from competitive and those that are making different choices in the nicotine space. And so you're going to see variability on a short-term basis. But over the long term, I think it's important to step back and see the volume growth that we experienced with significant retail price year-over-year. 
William Gifford: Yes. I think what you see is exactly what you pointed out, Callum, is that the overall disposable, specifically the illicit vapes in the marketplace, continue to grow, while pod, the segment that's pod are replaceable capsules, continue to shrink in the marketplace. 
William Gifford: Yes. I think when you think about the overall oral tobacco category, really the strategy there is to maximize profitability while balancing investments behind Copenhagen, which is the aspiration of Brian in [ MST ] and making appropriate investments in on!.  Copenhagen continues to be the leader in the [ MST ] space, and we are pleased with the results we saw in on! in the first quarter, certainly the growth in volume, the growth in overall share of the oil tobacco space and the significant increase in retail price.  And then behind that, being able to file the application with the FDA for the on! PLUS, which we feel like will perform very well in the marketplace once authorized. 
William Gifford: Yes, Jennifer, really, it's around promotions in the marketplace. When you think about the data analytics that we received, and I highlighted earlier, the price gap in a store can be different than a store across a city or town. And it's really mining that data and seeing the consumer economic pressure and being able to dial those resources appropriately for the situation that they're facing.  And so it's really about retail promotions in the marketplace that we continue to adjust through time. It allows us to be there for the consumer. Another example would be Marlboro Black, having a place for the consumer that wants to engage with Marlboro, having a place that they can continue to gauge, even when they're under academic pressure. 
William Gifford: When you look across the portfolio, we think of the portfolio as one big RGM pool. And just like I mentioned Marlboro Black and the Marlboro family, it allows us to take a small segment of Marlboro and be there for the consumer. It gives them a place to continue to engage with the brand, but we look across the entire portfolio. 
William Gifford: Yes. I think when you think about the consumer being at the lower end of the socioeconomic status, they've been impacted. While inflation has slowed down a bit, it's still increasing and it's the cumulative impact of that inflation on their total market purchase, as well as the increase in debt levels. And that, coupled with increased interest rates through time has impacted discretionary spend for our consumers. 
William Gifford: Yes. You may have heard me mention earlier, the overall strategy in oral tobacco is to maximize profitability over the long term while making appropriate investments in Copenhagen and the investments in the -- in our on! product in the marketplace.  I think when you think about it, it's intuitive that the moist smokeless consumer is the first to move over. They're used to putting nicotine products in their mouth. And moving from [ MST ] to nicotine pouch allows them to avoid some of the social friction, spitting things of that nature, in relation to enjoying nicotine in their product.  When you think about the Zyn versus on!, we feel very good. I think you saw that -- and we highlighted in our remarks, we feel like we're going to have better positioning at retail. We feel good about the existing product, and we feel great about the pipeline to follow, which we'll be following with the FDA, PMTAs in on! PLUS as we progress through the end of this quarter. 
