Michael Szymanczyk: Well, let me talk about the Marlboro share just a little bit because I often remind investors that quarter-to-quarter comparisons due to the amount of activity either we have in the marketplace or competitors have in the marketplace cannot be indicative of underlying trends in the business, and I think the first quarter of 2011 is a case in point. If you go back 2010, the Marlboro share grew for the year about 0.8, well ahead of what had been its average growth rate over the past few years and that was substantially more than was necessary to offset the growth of our other premium brand share loss, which is something we like to cover with Marlboro. That means that the rest of that share was largely guarded from promotion-sensitive consumers and discount consumers, who, as I talked before, shop in every brand even though Marlboro has a very high loyalty factor relative to other consumer products, every brand has some percentage of its business that's price sensitive. So we have some share points that are like that. If you look at the first quarter of the year, actually the first half, what you'll see is that we have major product launch, a very successful behind Marlboro Special Blend. So while most of that share is sustainable share, some of it, due to promotion activity when you launch new product, comes from these more promotion sensitive or discount shoppers, and that activity wasn't replicated in the first quarter of this year. If you look at the total year last year during the period that we had that launch activity, we saw very strong share, actually, a record share in the second quarter for Marlboro. And then we saw, as the launch activity abated, we also saw some of that, what I'll call, temporary share slip away. And so as we lap that quarter, the first quarter this year, we didn't have the same kind of activity. We expected to see some loss in the share. And during the same time this year in the first quarter, you had some other products that had a high level of activity that was price related. Newport Non-Menthol, Camel continued low price activity, and Pall Mall that can cause some of this more promotion-sensitive or discount business to shift around. So I think more indicative of the Marlboro business right now is its comparison March to December. We showed some nice share growth during that period of time even without extraordinary support that we had in the year ago time frame. So we think Marlboro is actually in pretty good shape and we're going to face a tough comparison in the second quarter but as we move into the back half of the year, the comparisons will be more favorable, and we tend to look at the brands' performance on a longer-term basis rather than a quarter-to-quarter basis or even a half-to-half. So I think it's doing fine. We don't break out the various pieces but the franchise continues to show good strength.
Michael Szymanczyk: First of all, just some context. Marlboro has, for a while, had a program available to retailers that wanted to use Marlboro as a means to draw traffic in to their stores, so this is really a redesign of that program because all programs kind of become less relevant over time and their structure as marketplace conditions change and that's the case with this one and we will look at these programs periodically and update them. So we update this program effective April 1, it's designed to be cost neutral with the old program, and beyond that the older response rate about a program is designed for every retailer necessarily based on their strategy more with ones in the past but the response rate to this program has been, I think, very positive by many retailers. And some retailers won't choose to do it. That's what we expect. We'll see what the impact is in the marketplace but we expect to see some positive impact from the brands' performance as we have in the past with programs like this one when some of our customers get behind it.
Michael Szymanczyk: This dispute is now in full arbitration and so we felt like that was the appropriate decision this year.
Michael Szymanczyk: It's still early in the year. We never get overly optimistic about this. We will continue to be paying close attention.
Michael Szymanczyk: I think there may be some activity there. Off the top of my head, I can't detail it for you but yes, I think we expect that as the subject of excise taxes comes up in states, I think you can expect in those where ad valorem exists that this subject will come up and sometimes it comes up where ad valorem doesn't exist as somebody tries to propose to go to ad valorem. So I think you're going to continue to see activity there.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I don't have really much to add to what we said in January to that subject. I don't think what occurred was much different than what generally I think people thought would occur and I think obviously the FDA will take that under advisement but then as we continue to say, we think, they'll operate based on the science and the evidence and make the regulatory decisions accordingly. So we haven't felt like we'd see some dramatic impact. And so we watch and see how it unfolds.
Michael Szymanczyk: No, I wouldn't draw that conclusion. I think your time frame probably is too short to really determine any trend, David. We generally would have to look at them on a longer time line to understand whether or not there was any trend line changes -- boy, the history is pretty wrong on this and it seems to support a pretty stable elasticity.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, you know, we regularly change promotion activity in various states and relative to various SKUs. So you should expect to see that separate and apart from the MLP program. The MLP program's cost will vary a little bit based on take rate versus estimates but in general, we think it'll be about cost control and our expectation is that won't have an impact on our overall performance or spending performance for the year.
Michael Szymanczyk: I think it's an issue we'll have for the remainder of the year but during that period of time we will -- taken the appropriate steps to get that playing field level.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, generally, it would be difficult to articulate something like that. That number that you're referring to is kind of a national number but reality is that it's made up of a lot of different pieces or different price gaps in different states based on both activity in those states and excise taxes in those states, and then competitive pricing moves with some regularity so it's always changing that number. So we're -- in terms of our activities and the actions that we take, we take those on a more precision basis. We wouldn't be looking to some total national number to drive our decision making. So it's much more surgical than that. So I guess the general answer to your question is no. What we do is we deal with the business issues in the marketplaces as we see trends develop or opportunities develop.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, we really haven't seen that occur, actually the dollar gap has expanded on Marlboro over time but the percent gap has narrowed somewhat because of the excise tax increases. So I don't think that, that's an issue.
Michael Szymanczyk: We don't get predictive of it, but as I commented on David's question, I don't think we've seen any evidence that the normal elasticity has changed any.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I'm not going to try to segment that out. All I'm going to say is that we saw some inventory building in the quarter but less than we had in the quarter a year ago. So I'm just going to leave it at that.
Michael Szymanczyk: I think we had pretty normal levels. I mean we had a lot of activity in the first quarter last year because we launched a number of new products and we had less of that and the Skoal xtra launch is really a detail of the -- or I don't think there was anything unusual about the activity in the quarter this year, maybe a bit less than there was last year.
Michael Szymanczyk: I think the work regarding the physical work, regarding resetting these sessions is pretty well complete. There's still some tweaking and adjustment going on. I think it's now really the ordering procedures and getting retail the same kinds of practices relative to ordering that maintains a really high in stock tradition with fresh product to occur in the Smokeless business, as is the case in the Cigarette business. So there's still more work to do to take advantage of now having the space allocated in a better way in terms of the impact on the consumer.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, that depends on the geography. I mean Skoal has a lot of SKUs but the distribution on those SKUs isn't consistent across the country. So in each geographic situation, we've accommodated how to position Skoal xtra in the store based on the circumstance. So that would really vary by store by development of particular SKUs on Skoal.
Michael Szymanczyk: No, we added that disclosure. I think that kind of completes it. There was a ruling and a case on some of these similar kinds of leases, LILO/SILO called the Wells Fargo case not too long ago, the other day. So we just decided to add this additional disclosure.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, I think as we look at it, our consumers still face high unemployment and still are expressing low confidence. So that doesn't seem to have changed a lot, and I think you can add to that, geez, they've got increased fuel cost pressures now. So I don't think the situation has changed a lot for the general consumer out there, as much as you'd like to say that and you may see some strength in the stock market. I don't think that the general consumer is getting the same outcome out there right now. So we're still cautious about that.
Michael Szymanczyk: Well, that's an ongoing activity for us. And so much of what goes on there is work that we do with law enforcement. So we don't talk about that. Generally you read about that after it's over but that kinds of activity continue to occur. And I think that I don't think there's anything new to report relative on that subject in terms of impact on the business but it's also something that I think you have to keep constant pressure on because certainly, the dynamics in the marketplace are such that if you don't, you can see it expand.
Michael Szymanczyk: No, I don't think so. I mean U.S. Duty Free has been U.S. Duty Free now for a while and the rest of it has been in PMI's hands for a while. That was the case before the spin. And so I don't think that anything meaningfully different is there. We've had products in those different environments that are manufactured in different places for some time now. So yes, there's nothing new there.
