Martin J. Barrington: Well, I’d say what I always say about this. This is a business that has always been competitive. It was competitive in 2013. Our plan assumes that the businesses will continue to be competitive. I think what’s important though I think is to have – look at how PM USA is able to navigate through that environment. We had very good price realization as you saw last year. We had margin expansion, grew adjusted OCI to nearly $6.5 billion, modestly grew Marlboro share, modestly grew overall PM USA share and that was at a time when we continue to invest in our plans like through the Marlboro architecture. So what I would say, Vivien, even though it’s competitive it’s an environment in which PM USA and has been able to really effectively operate on its strategy, had very good results in 2013.Vivien Nicole Azer – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Perfect. Thank you very much.
Martin J. Barrington: Good morning, David.David J. Adelman – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  I had two questions, Marty. The first, can you explain or speak to this gap in the fourth quarter between your cigarette shipments down 5.8% and your estimate that the underlying consumption was down 4% and I asked that in the context that the timing of your – end of your price increases both years were fairly similar.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, that’s a great question about MarkTen. Thanks for asking it. Look we have about a month’s worth of data and so I don’t want to roll out numbers. We’ll have more to say about this in CAGNY, which is coming up and I hope to have some numbers to show you there. What I can tell you is that we have a plan that we’ve set out in Arizona, the same way we did in Indiana really about what we’re trying to learn. That’s how you do test markets in a disciplined kind of way and I think we have very good plan in place to learn, and what we’ve learned is so far we wanted to get broad distribution of our MarkTen product at retail and our sales force has done a great job of doing that. As I mentioned in the remarks, we’re in about 1,900 stores there. We wanted to find out trade acceptance and I can tell you the trade acceptance of the product is enthusiastic and so we’re learning a lot about working with the trade there. I can tell you we like the MarkTen product a lot. It is a terrific product. We think we have a good offering and we believe if we can get it in the hands of consumers that they will think so too. And so we have a revised promotion plan that is setting us out to do exactly that. I can assure you when we enter these test markets though we had very specific goals we’re setting out to answer and to learn from. We have metrics that we have put in place to know whether we’re achieving them and then of course we’re always looking to try to leverage those learnings as we did, for example, from Indiana to Arizona about learning our way forward. We believe that’s the right way forward in emerging categories. We try to learn wisely and we try to learn it in a disciplined kind of way. So that’s how we’re thinking about Arizona. And again, I hope that we will have more for you at CAGNY about that.David J. Adelman – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Okay, thanks. See you then.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay, there is a lot there. Let me see if I can impact that a little bit for us. It is an important step forward and I appreciate your asking about it. From the Altria perspective, as I was just discussing with David, we really like our technology in e-vapor. We think we’ve done a very good job with that, and so it’s great that we have an opportunity to partner with PMI so that it can be sold in international markets. As you know PMI is a terrific company. We have a higher regard for it. It has global scale, it has global infrastructure. And I think putting our technology in PMI hands to trying to sell that to a adult vapors elsewhere in the world is a good thing for Altria, it’s good thing for PMI. I think, in addition, as we’ve spoken about previously, our innovation strategy for adult tobacco consumers is to offer them a variety of products that are innovative from conventional products and may hold out the promise, if FDA where able to approve them of reduced harm and that's exactly what PMI has been working on with its NGP platforms one and two. So we now have those in our portfolio through this agreement and as PMI and with our support work on FDA it’s an extremely important strategic step forward for harm reduction, I think for consumers and we're hopeful about that. In terms of contribution to earnings, I think it’s early there. There are royalty agreements in place, but really I think this is more about getting the products in each other’s hands and seeing if we can bring them to adult tobacco consumers and see if they will take themselves. From our perspective that's the way we’re thinking about innovation. We follow the consumer. The consumer will decide about the innovative products. Our job is to invent them, to commercialize them, and to work with the FDA where appropriate to make sure that they make it to market. So that's kind of our strategy in a nutshell.Bonnie L. Herzog – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thanks for that.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, we have modeled out basically three scenarios. We don't know there are some unknowns obviously in e-vapor and innovation generally. They regard excise taxes, technology improvements and then the regulatory situation. So, rather than to have a [indiscernible] we have three cases where we assume there is varying degrees of flexibility or regulation there, so we’ve actually done three cases.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, I’m not going into get into the proprietary nature of how we’ve modeled it out. I think it's fair to say though that if there is a general belief by the regulators and others that moved into e-vapor is a good thing for adult tobacco consumers. You can assume that there will be greater migration than less.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, I think we’re not going to share kind of our plan at that level of detail, but certainly that is one of items that’s baked into our overall guidance for the year.
Martin J. Barrington: No, I think it’s pretty much as we described it before deal – there are some people who participate in the discount segment that’s not our focus of course, but we want to have an offering there. L&M is the offering that we give them our retailer, trade partners in particular who like for us to have a good discount for them, but we’re not trying to grow the discount category. That’s not our focus.
Martin J. Barrington: I think we’re pretty pleased with the progress we made on our balance sheet. We’ve got our weighted average interest cost down to 5.9%. And we feel pretty comfortable with our current credit ratings as well as our current debt to EBITDA ratio. So I don’t know that I would communicate anything beyond the fact that we’ve been following a pretty consistent strategy over time to bring our interest rate down, we think we’ve been successful and we’ll continue to look for opportunities in the future to improve that, but we’re certainly not going to share anything at the detailed level about changes in the short-term.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, we haven’t said anything about that and I won’t this morning, but we have a disciplined way of learning our way in, all of the factors you mentioned of course are important to make sure that we would know, if and when we decide to do that. We want to make sure that product offering would be right and the branding is right and the promotion is right. We just think about this through our value equation that you heard us talk about before and certainly you want to make sure the capacity is in line.Michael S. Lavery – CLSA Americas LLC: Great, thank you.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, I actually – that’s a terrific question. The brands obviously that have been in the take the cigarette category have obviously been out there for sometime and brand equity as you is built over time. Marlboro’s equity has been built over decades and because everyone is now launching products and trying to gain brand equity, it will take sometime. I think one of the advantages that some players will have is those that know how to build brands, will have an advantage here. I would argue that Altria and its operating companies have a long and a rich heritage of being able to built brand, that’s one. Two I think is making sure that you are just being consumer centric. You always have to start with a consumer, you have to get it in the offering that they want and then you build equity off of that platform. So that’s how we think about it at least, but its early days in e-vapor, it’s going to take some time for a lot of things to sort itself out and it will take time for equity to be build in this category just like most others.Judy E. Hong – Goldman Sachs & Co.: And the two test markets that you have entered Marty, have you noticed the pick up in the category growth in those markets as you have entered in those markets.
Martin J. Barrington: We obviously Arizona is very, very early. We’ll have some data to share about this, I expect at CAGNY, I don’t want to get ahead of looking at those numbers at this time. But we will try to get that information for you.Judy E. Hong – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay, thank you. 
Martin J. Barrington: Hi, Nik.Nik H. Modi – RBC Capital Markets LLC: So just two quick questions, Marty, there’s been a lot of talk honestly about e-cigarettes, and different shift from regular cigarettes, but if you really look at the underlying trend and then go back kind of rolling over the last two years, looks like for this particular year in 2013. The category declined, it has moderated as year progressed despite e-cigarettes growing as faster as they’ve been growing. And I wonder that you can just provide some big picture thoughts on that. And then the second question which is more specific to Arizona, can you talk about some of the product changes that you have made to MarkTen, direct with the Indiana just kind of talk about some of the modifications that makes the product? Thanks.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, the inventory levels of cigarettes ended the quarter lower in 2013 than it did a year ago what we were trying to phase it.Christopher Growe – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.:  Okay. Thank you.
Martin J. Barrington: Good morning.Bonnie L. Herzog – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about the smokeless category, it looks like your reported volume was down through the quarter and through the year, but I didn’t hear you talk about with some adjustments. Shipment volume, you estimate, actually grew about 5%.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. The principal difference was, I think, in both the fourth quarter and in 2013 there was one fewer shipping day and in the smokeless business it had to be a Monday when a lot of the volume goes out. So it’s roughly equivalent to a shipping week and that basically explains it, few other factors, but it’s basically that movement.Bonnie L. Herzog – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Howard A. Willard III: Yes, I mean I think with regard to the end of the quarter, it happens really the impact of the fourth quarter of 2014 and that really occurs across the industry, so I think it’s a cost reduction opportunity really across the sector in the U.S. With regard to how the various players react to that cost reduction I think we’ll have to wait and see how that plays out but of course, we continue to be focused on our strategy in the smokeable segment of maximizing profitability while maintaining modest share momentum on Marlboro and clearly that cost reduction is an opportunity.
Howard A. Willard III: Yes. I wouldn't put too much into kind of quarter to quarter variations in the cost trend. I would probably tend to look at this full year of 2013 compared to the prior year to get a better estimate. You certainly – you’re pointing out to the fact that we had and above trend for the quarters, cost reduction in the fourth quarter. But I think that has more to do with just the way the spending unfolded on a quarter by quarter basis, and of course we're always managing to a full year. So I don't think there is anything significant that I would call out there was a change in trend.Michael S. Lavery – CLSA Americas LLC:  Okay, that’s helpful. And then just on the review process for the dealing regulations with the FDA, it’s been that OMB now for a few –close to months. Is there any involvement you have with them or any visibility you have on that process or is that a little bit of kind of a black box.
Howard A. Willard III: Sure, I mean I think we’ve communicated this before that as we – in wine and PMCC not only does the lease income come down over time, but there are asset sales that equate variable on a year-to-year basis. And certainly in 2013 we had quite strong asset sales after settling some of the tax issues of the IRS on the LILO, SILO leases. We found the opportunity to sell several of those assets in 2013. So I think that certainly one of the drivers of the comparison from 2014 to 2013 is some of the lumpiness in PMCC’s income. And then I think the second thing is that while certainly we made investments in 2013 towards competing effectively in the e-cigarette category. We are certainly planning in 2014 to make further investments as we focus on being successful in that emerging new category.Judy E. Hong – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Okay. And then just may be a bit of a follow-up on MarkTen and just the e-vapor category generally Marty. As you obviously participate in the broader tobacco category, how do you sort of think about, you know how you build equity, brand equity in e-vapor category versus cigarettes or smokeless, are there some differences, similarities that you can call out and you know your thought process and thinking about how to invest in that particular product or category.
Howard A. Willard III: Sure. Thanks for the question. We continue to look carefully at the growth of e-cigarettes and its potential effect on cigarette volumes and we continue to believe that it’s modest. It’s obviously is a category that has grown very fast and you’re right. It gets a lot of attention. But we believe it’s probably still in the secular decline rate, which we’d estimated to be 2% to 3%, which makes up a variety of things which is lower incidents, fewer cigarettes per day – people babbling and pipe tobacco. We believe that the e-cigarette number is probably in that number. With respect to Arizona, we made a couple of changes that are probably worth mentioning. One of them is we put a new flavor system and we think it significantly enhanced the censorial experience. We changed the bundle that we were offering including a charger in the kit, and I think those things have been extremely well received by the consumer today.
