Billy Gifford: Yes. good morning, Pamela. Thanks for the question. You asked a good one because the market is very fluid as we mentioned in our remarks. I think when you look at the first quarter, and we provided the 12-month moving decomp, you can see that we still have somewhat of a tailwind and we believe as we believe that the end of last year that is the consumer stay-at-home practices as they add nicotine occasions to their day. Certainly, as we progress forward, we highlighted that we are seeing mobility for our consumers increased significantly. But then you also have the offsets. You have the government stimulus that just came out and we'll see how the consumer thinks about that as the mobility has increased and what other areas of discretionary spend, they could use that stimulus towards. So certainly, through the first quarter, we saw a continuance. Even though it was a tough comp, a continuance of what we saw at the end of last year. I think it remains to be seen what trends the consumer has picked up during the COVID pandemic that will remain and what will revert back to and I'll use your phrase to pre-pandemic or normal levels that they had in place prior to the pandemic. But thanks for the question.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think when you think about the regulatory framework, the two topics that have been in the headlines and look, we expect to have continued headline news in the tobacco industry as you have a new administration that tends to take place. But those just take them in turn if you think about menthol. The FDA has been considering this for years. And when you step back from it and you really think about it, we have a common goal, which is to transition the adult cigarette consumer to a non-combustible future. Where we disagree is prohibition just doesn't work. It has unintended consequences, and criminalizing menthol has significant consequences. We think a better approach is to have an established marketplace of FDA authorized non-combustible products. We've only heard what you've heard. So certainly, whatever the FDA announces, we’ll review what the FDA announces and we’ll engage and continue to focus on the science and evidence of what would be a multi-year process. I think when you think about lowered nicotine and cigarettes, it's very similar. It's something they've been considering for years. We know they're running studies related to this. Again, we don't believe prohibition works because it has so many unintended consequences. The better approach is to have that established portfolio of FDA authorized non-combustible products. In addition to that, we don't think it's practical or feasible from a standpoint of what's been suggested. And so when you look at overall the science and evidence, and you can see the comments that we submitted to the FDA as they were considering these previously, there are significant hurdles there from a science and evidence base that it has the impact that they have suggested. From an FET standpoint, I think it remains to be seen. There hasn't been a lot of discussion, as you mentioned, it was a bit of headline news last week. When you step back from the specifics, it's something that's been introduced before and it didn't get very far. I think when you think about some of the statements that President Biden has made about not wanting to raise taxes on individuals making less than 400,000 a year, excise tax increase runs counter to that. I just remind you, we have an excellent government affair. Team is ready to engage on all of these topics and our regulatory affairs team as well. So we're ready. But I would caution that we will see, we believe continued headline news.
Billy Gifford: Sure. Thanks for the question, Vivien. I think when you think about modern oral, it's a very exciting category. We're extremely excited to now have 100% of the economics of on!, both in the U.S. and on a global basis. When you think about the novel oral, I think it's very intuitive that it will interact with the adult dipper from the traditional MST. That consumer is used to putting things in the mouth I think what has us so excited about on! is its engagement with the adult cigarette consumer. And so, as we do always, we run various scenarios. I think certainly, you can see the adult dipper converting to it and it depends on how successful we are engaging with the adult cigarette consumer of how big that category can get through time. So we're extremely excited and we'll be very excited to get past the manufacturing capacity constraint, which we expect it to by midyear. I think from a competitive standpoint, you can expect that in new categories as volume grows, the various manufacturers that are participating in the category are trying to capture consumers and have them choose their products and brands. Certainly through time, I think all companies are in it for profitability. So there will be some competitive activities as volume grows and consumers are at play. And then you would expect for a return towards profitability.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I don't have those factors in front of me, Vivien. I think when you think about it, certainly, we've seen it and we tried to have some of this available in previous presentations. It tends to have a higher than normal from the MST category interaction with the female cigarette consumer because they just don't appreciate putting tobacco in their mouth. And so it's certainly over indexes to that a bit compared to MST. But from a standpoint of that interaction, I think, right now it's too early to tell and it's very small when you've tried to diagnose who's coming over from the cigarette category.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I think the biggest one I would highlight, Vivien, is the activity that our government affairs team has been able to secure now and seven states and with a different definition of HeatSticks in the state of Virginia, so a total of eight. And that is that a product that has a designation of MRTP coming out of the FDA that they have authorized it to have that claim has a step function down and excise taxes in seven states and again the different definition in the state of Virginia. So I think that's going to be the best mechanism of any reduced risk product is those that have the designation of MRTP being authorized by the FDA.
Billy Gifford: So we would agree with your opinion, Chris, that that's the appropriate way to do it is you remember, I call it roughly half of conventional cigarette consumers are looking for a non-combustible product that satisfies them. And certainly something that would reduce risks through time. And so certainly focusing on having a robust portfolio of non-combustible products that are authorized by the FDA and then eventually receive an MRTP that cigarette consumers will move. They just need those products that satisfy them and meet their needs and so certainly add to your point prohibition tends to be fraught with unintended consequences that can take place based on prohibition.
Billy Gifford: Yes nothing that our highlight, Chris. We make our pricing decisions independent, I think when you look at price realization in the first quarter of 8%, that's pretty substantial. And it shows in the results of the company, Marlboro is rock solid. You mentioned the price gap to lowest that was really driven by a major manufacturer and being very competitive in the branded discount category and we highlighted that it didn't seem to gain a lot of traction. So you always have a little movement through time and in various periods that you look at, but nothing that I would highlight that's substantial.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Thanks for the questions Bonnie, and I'll try to take them in turn, but if I miss one follow back up. I think when you think about the growth in the category certainly we had a competitor had a great head start on us. We've seen significant growth in the category. We have been constrained from a capacity and manufacturing and so we look to be passed out at midyear. And then we can have it in the stores we wanted to be in engaged with the consumer the way we would like to engage with the consumer. I think for the upside from a total standpoint of growth I think we're excited about on! because not only is it engaging with the adult dipper but as I mentioned, also engaging with the adult smoker. So the more successful we are with that you can see the size of the consumer base that you're able to engage with. I think your question related to international. It's important to remember that on! already had a presence internationally. So we highlighted in our remarks we're going to certainly pay attention to where it's at in market, make sure that we have the right look and the right products in the marketplace, introduced products that are in the pipeline through time and then we'll look at what other opportunities we have and we've increased the international team, supplementing what was already existing with some Altria employees to get consumer insights, both for the international market but as well as to get consumer insights for future products in the U.S.
Billy Gifford: Sure. Thanks for the question, Bonnie. Yes it's still a bit early yet. But certainly, we're looking to engage with the consumer both at retail through guided trials, through the HeatSticks at sea stores. But just as importantly, and that was part of our investments we highlighted at the beginning of the year is investing in what we would consider industry leading consumer engagement system and really being able to engage with the consumer digitally so that we can connect with the consumer if you think about it, not only when they're in the store, but from a 360 view of when they want to be engaged with. And that's what we're really on the path to do. I think from the standpoint of highlighting what the claim does is certainly in research it showed that the consumer once they understood the claim that was there is that they were more inclined to both engage with the product and understand it as well as try the product. So we'll have more to share as we move through the year.
Billy Gifford: Yes, thanks for the question Owen and I'll be careful not to talk about anything from merger acquisition or anything in the future. I think the way we think about it is we are primarily U.S. focus, because we have all of our infrastructure, sales force, relationships with retailers, and wholesalers are all primarily U.S. focus. And so that will be our focus of getting those consumers in their conversion journey from combustible to non-combustible. That will be our primary focus but the learnings that we have, and you mentioned modern oral the learnings that we have in the conversion journey that consumers take is very similar to consumers around the world. And so we certainly want to pay attention to that, and participate that in that when it's appropriate. I think from a standpoint of the comments made by PMI, they're probably better directed to PMI. But certainly, our primary focus is U.S. But we'll certainly seize on opportunities when appropriate around the globe.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think when you look at that what you're seeing is you're exactly right the larger the base gets certainly from a mathematic standpoint the growth rate reduces. I would remind you when we show oral tobacco, that's the total category. So that's MST and a novel oral pouches. And so you've got a total look at that growth of the category over the last six months. So you're going to have some cannibalization of traditional, more smokeless tobacco as novel oral pouches grow. But you're also correct as I mentioned just as the base gets larger, on novel oral, the growth rate slows.
Billy Gifford: Certainly we're looking for a regulatory pathway that helps us achieve the vision. You heard my earlier remarks on an outright prohibition whether it be menthol or great reduction in nicotine in cigarettes. We believe having that portfolio of non-combustible that's authorized by the FDA and then eventually through the MRTP process is a much better pathway because the consumer that uses conventional cigarettes has already shown an inclination that they want to transition and so we believe we can get there with the right products and with the insights we have on the consumer. Certainly having a regulatory pathway that allows that to happen in the right order makes perfect sense to us.
Billy Gifford: Yes, it's a bit early, Michael. Certainly, we've announced the areas that we're expanding to certainly across the four states and then Northern Virginia and then three additional metro markets, which we haven't discussed what they are. And so certainly it's going to be informed by the consumer and informed by where we believe we can get the heavy foot traffic. Just to remind you we want to watch initially in a densely populated area and then grow from that once you have a foothold grow from that across states. And so certainly we're going to be influenced by the consumer and the insights we have on the consumers both from them and what we've seen in the existing markets to inform where we go next.
Billy Gifford: Certainly, Michael, we always have incrementality in mind from a total profitability standpoint, but I think when you look at the vision, we know that our conventional cigarette consumers want to move and we want to now proactively look at moving them. Certainly incrementality and the various ways we go to market and we assess that for incrementality to see where we can really reach competitive consumers. But we don't want to ignore our consumers either. We know they want to move and so we want to reach out when they're ready to move and have them stay in our portfolio of products. And so that's the fine balance. But certainly at retail and the way we reach out to consumers we assess where we can get incrementality to the greatest extent.
Billy Gifford: Yes Adam, we go to select retail chains because we want to make sure that we get great execution, the right look, and high quality because we want to learn when we have that what does it look like for consumer engagement. We haven't mentioned the specific number of stores in Atlanta but our goal even when we expand to the states is have great execution across the state and habit where each consumer regardless of where they live have access to the product to drive awareness and availability and interest. And so we may not be in every store in a certain locale but we want to make sure that the consumer in any locale has access to the product.
Billy Gifford: Yes, we haven't done that Adam to go through that. So I'm hesitant to say that's exactly the way to go about it. The way we look at it is we take the geography by zip code and then say okay, based on that think about how the, what are the cigarette outtake and what is IQOS off take for the total geography and so I'm hesitant to try to guesstimate or give you assurance on your estimate.
Billy Gifford: Yes, thanks for the question. Robert. I would take you back to the overall strategy we have for the category which is to maximize the profitability of combustibles through time while balancing appropriate investments back into Marlboro, and funding the growth initiatives as you mentioned. And so it is a balance is something that we look at but I would agree with you. I would say 8% in the first quarter for price realization was a great result for the quarter.
Billy Gifford: Yes, so we were saying novel oral the total category had a share. So the novel oral tobacco of the total old space was 13%. So the total oral of it -- yes that makes sense of the total oral space.
Billy Gifford: Yes, it's certainly something that we wanted to test to learn about understand the engagement, understand the most efficient way to engage with consumers. That's just one avenue. We're looking at digital avenues and ways to engage with consumers that way. And so what you're doing with our investments is we're looking at what are the various ways that we can engage with the consumer and meet them when they're trying to make those decisions for their conversion and then support them on that conversion journey as they commence it. And so that's just one avenue but certainly, we'll test and learn there and understand what the engagement successes and the efficiency of getting that consumer to convert.
Billy Gifford: Yes, the way we think about it is and it's just important to remind everyone look, PMI has been on this pathway for a long time. They've been talking about it. Certainly, you guys have been talking about it. We have. It is brand new to the U.S. consumer. So we want to make sure that we're doing it the right way. I would say in a disciplined fashion versus your terminology a big bang. Once we feel like we have it right, we have plans in place to continue the expansion. Certainly, we're going to be influenced by always being able to put our best foot forward. Now having the IQOS 3 device approved having the MRTP claim on the 2.4 system gives us a much better indication and a much better engagement plan with consumer but we are learning along the way. I would say that Charlotte launch was more successful based on the learnings we had in Richmond and Atlanta. And so we're going to continue that disciplined approach. But I don't want you to think that we're trying to get that the SET agreements with the state legislatures to influence how fast or how we think about the launch. That will not be an influence and how we proceed with the IQOS launch.
Billy Gifford: Yes, it's a great question and again, you caught me off guard, because I've been having the phone call. So I haven't had a chance to read it. I think it depends on what the proposal is, how they think about that proposal through time and how they think about implementing it. I would remind you that the science and evidence we see, and based on the comments that we have provided previously, we don't see the science and evidence that would support that. We don't think prohibition works. It's fraught with unintended consequences. But this is exactly the reason why we pursued a portfolio approach that if there are any actions by the regulatory in any specific category that put the consumer in play, we wanted to make sure we had the right product, right brands in each of the categories and have those products and brands in their consideration set as they are faced with different choices but will certainly be engaged with the FDA, and continue to encourage them to focus on the science and evidence.
Billy Gifford: I think that's a tough hypothetical to answer. We'll have to see how it's implemented. If it's implemented and how they go about it and how the consumer considers that from a standpoint of what are the unintended consequences and access they have to menthol cigarettes outside of the legal system and then are they at play for other products to gain their satisfaction.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I think when you think about it for Altria, I would remind you that we're under indexed in share in the menthol category. We tend to be over indexed in non-menthol. And so from a total standpoint of the category I would really direct you to the comments we provided to the FDA of air concerns of an outright ban on menthol that we provided previously when they've been working.
Billy Gifford: Yes, we believe it'd be a multiyear process, Nick. When you think about the administrative process and again, you've caught me a bit unawares because I can't read what they have published and how they stated it. So we'll certainly be reading that and diagnosing it. But there's a rulemaking process that takes place. They have to come out with a proposed rule. If that's where they're at right now they have to receive comments, they have to consider all of those comments, and then they have to go to final rulemaking. And so that's a pretty lengthy process that we will certainly be engaged in with the FDA to share a point of view.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I don't know what they announced. So I can't speak to the specifics but the normal processes that they would go through as a proposed rule. There would be comments, then there would be a final rulemaking. And so, again, I can't speak to specifics based on not having read what they announced.
Robert Rampton: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. First one is just on pricing. So it's running at record levels is by moderate tax increases and I'd also argue that volumes are being more robust than maybe people expected towards the tail end of last year. Now how do you think about the tradeoff between I guess being more competitive on price versus taking that incremental margin and investing it in your efforts to transition to reduce risk? That's the question. Thank you.
Robert Rampton: Right and then sorry, just a quick clarification on modern oral. Are you saying the category the nicotine pouch category doubled versus 1Q, 20 and that your share within that is now roughly 13%? That's a great way to understand your come.
Robert Rampton: Great. That's very clear. And if I may sneak in one more apologies. Just in terms of IQOS curious as to what in your mind drives the pace of the rollout. So right now it looks like it's very tied to those tax breaks. So I mean, I guess at what point would we expect a big bang in terms of national launch given getting tax breaks is a slow process or be more incremental? Thank you.
