William Gifford: Steve, I think, if I understand your question correctly, if you look at it as we progressed through the year, we did have to SET increases. One was in Oklahoma and the other was in Kentucky. And so that had an effect because that was represented about 5% of cigarette industry volume. So as you progress through the year, of course, you have the initial drop for the price shock and then it returns to elasticity as you move through time. I would say as we moved to this year right now, gas prices are a tailwind to the overall adult cigarette consumer. As we experienced, gas prices dropped, last year they were up 13% year over year and we've seen them drop as we progress into the first part of this year. So we should see that impact through time. 
William Gifford: The only thing I would add Steve, I think it's important to remember under both, Juul or Cronos as a business is growing and faces significant opportunity to expand outside of the U.S. with huge growth potential. That reinvestment in the business for a period of time is appropriate. 
William Gifford: I think if you think about the economic recovery, it's a bit uneven. So it's a bit lumpy. So those consumers that were engaged in the branded discount as we've increased the margins and profitability of our brand specifically you can see some down trading that takes place because you can even think of the adult tobacco consumer with uneven economic recovery. Those at the lower end haven't recovered to the same extent as those at the higher end of the category and so that's where you're seeing that trend within the discount category as the branded discount brands are taking an increased profitability and margin 
William Gifford: Yeah, based on our consumer research, Vivien, because of that uneven, we keep an eye on that group of consumers at that lower end to make sure that we feel comfortable with where we're at. We feel very strong with the premium segment. I think that's reminiscent. You can see with the flatness of the overall discount category and just churn within. So we don't see any signs at this point that would point to it moving up to the premium segment.
William Gifford: And I think it's important to remember, Vivien in the base 3% to 4% that was historical. There was always 1% of that that was included in sector decline of consumer doing exactly what you're saying, either replacing certain occasions or converting completely as Howard mentioned, so that if you will already in the 3% to 4% that was in the historical run. 
William Gifford: We don't have an exact number for you, but that's something that we're providing the future. But you're right. I think you also had dual usage between smokeless and the e-vapor category and so you're right at that. That is also pulling some of those consumers because the e-vapor experience was closer to what they were transitioning from being an inhalable type product versus a smokeless product.
William Gifford: Yes, I think when you look at that Michael, you got to take in all -- the consideration of all factors. So you got to take in the total change to the consumer. So you have SET differentials that get annualized then across time, so that price elasticity is not just manufacturer list price, it's increase in list price to the consumer.
William Gifford: I think that something we'll consider long-term Michael. I think the opportunity in Nashville, that's the home of the manufacturing base. And so we think it affords our consumer a great opportunity to engage with the brand, and be right there where we're manufacturing the product. So we're really focused currently on the engagement with those adult dippers right there where the product is made.
William Gifford: I think Judy that short is trying to equalize across open systems in closed. So if you think about it that's the number of pods that are in the marketplace. If you think about the equalization to total cigarettes, you have to think about what's their pod equivalent of a cigarette. And so a pod equivalent to a cigarette we would estimate to be around one pod per pack of cigarettes.
William Gifford: I think you have to think about it Judy is, a base of that has been in place for quite a while; so if you think about the initial start because we're including open systems in this overall equalization. Open systems have been in place going back a number of years and I think that's the point I was trying to raise is, it's important to remember, within the cigarette category the historical decline rate of 3% to 4% included 1% that was moving to other tobacco categories. And so part of the historical decline already assume that there were going to be consumers progressing from cigarettes to other tobacco categories.
William Gifford: Judy, you know we're careful not to guide to the quarter level on volume but I think you're thinking about trade inventories that was a big component in the first quarter of last year so it's important to pick that up; so you're exactly right from that standpoint, it's important to consider how trade inventories were moving last year versus your expectations for this year.
William Gifford: And as far as share buyback Bonnie, remember, we had about $350 million; I think it was $345 million to be exact as we ended last year in the current program. And we expect to complete that by mid-year, that is unchanged; and then we'll assess the situation and come forward if anything is appropriate after that.
William Gifford: Yeah. I thinking you're thinking about it right. I think it's important to remember what Howard said, if our Marlboro consumer, so take the one person that receives that in their pack, if they have a decision to switch, they would have switched anyway. And so we would want them to switch to the Juul product, which we have an investment in versus searching for other alternative products out there. So the awareness is already high. If the individual is making the decision to switch, we want them to switch to Juul.
William Gifford: Nick, I would point you to, on pricing, it's the process of data analytics that we've enhanced here that allows us to be more efficient and effective. The way we think about the total value equation is specifically the promotional piece that we run at retail, so that drives the overall price realization up through time.
Howard Willard: I think with regard to your question, our primary focus has been on estimating by individual category and we provided that information to you. I think with regard to heat-not-burn, I think it's clearly going to have an impact going forward on cigarettes and likely e-vapor, but I think that we have not really included that in our calculations and we're really waiting until we get some experience in the marketplace this year and certainly we can make adjustments to any of our estimates. But certainly, we believe that when we do get approval from the FDA to put IQOS in the market, it is an additional driver of growth in the non-combustible tobacco product segment. 
Howard Willard: Well, you're going to make us work hard this morning, aren't you? I'll take a crack at them and if I miss something, I'm sure Billy will jump in. So with regard to the disclosure, as you pointed out, given the time since the closing, we put together significantly more information and shared it today. And obviously, as we get further questions, we'll look for opportunities to share more relevant information with investors. And the other thing I would reference is that we expect at some point in the future, probably later this year, we will be accounting for the Juul investment following antitrust approval using the equity income approach. And when we do that, there will be more disclosure in our SCC documents. So that's I think, something to look forward to and we do expect antitrust approval during this year.  The second thing is with regard to our statement about 2019 income; I think that what that really reflects is that with regard to Juul, we're kind of waiting before it gets reflected in our income based on the equity income method. So we thought on the side of conservatism that it made sense to not guess as to the timing of antitrust approval. And then the second thing I would say is on Cronos, obviously they're a publicly traded company and so you have access to what their current income is. And their income today is modest. The investment is really designed to rapidly accelerate their growth rate. And so we don't expect it to be a material contribution in 2019. With regard to the guidance range of 4% to 7%, that is designed as it's always been in the past, to be a wide enough range to take into account of the variety of changes that could occur, and that could reflect changes in our core business with regard to Juul or with regard to Cronos. So it's designed to reflect our best all in estimate of what could happen during the year. Then you asked a question about the five-year breakeven, and I think the way we calculated that; it was really taking the equity income we expect in five years tax affecting it and then dividing it by the overall investment in Juul. So it is an equity income return, not a cash return, although obviously by that point, given the significant level of income, we would expect to have some dividends as well.
Howard Willard: Yes, that's absolutely right and I think we agree with the other Juul investors that its growth prospects are so strong that now's the time to invest in ultimately driving top line growth. 
Howard Willard: Sure. I think with regard to the mid-term forecast, one of the reasons why we selected a five-year period to estimate the growth rate of the e-vapor category and Juul as a significant driver of that growth is I think there is a bit of uncertainty as to whether or not there'll be a slowdown in growth in the next year or two as the industry works together with the FDA to drive down huge usage. And so I think that is a to be determined, but I think even taking into account the fact that there could be some impact in the short run. I think we're confident in that long-term growth rate that we forecasted. It may just be that they're slower growth early on and more rapid growth later on. I think with regard to the significant action Juul took in removing their flavors from retail, I do expect that that is going to have some impact on their overall growth rate this year. But I think we also believe that adults will continue to buy the other flavored products at mainstream retail stores and, of course, with heightened age verification, those other flavors are available to adults on the Juul website. So we still think they have pretty good growth prospects for this year even with those actions. I think we're pretty comfortable with our forecasts of 15% to 20% compound annual growth rate over five years. And certainly, with that level of growth, we believe the investment in Juul is additive in a significant way to our income growth. Your question is if it grows faster, is it still additive to our income growth? And I think that it can certainly grow faster than 20% and still be additive based on our estimates. I suppose there is some genetically higher growth rate, but that may not be the case, but we're pretty comfortable that it's under a whole range of scenarios that financially, this is a good thing for our income growth. 
Howard Willard: I think that when you look at various international markets, there are different regulatory requirements that have to be navigated and frankly, there are different consumer expectations given differences between the cigarettes in those markets that are purchased by adults backhoe consumers over there compared to the U.S. So both of those things need to be navigated successfully in order to have a similar level of success internationally to what Juul has had in the U.S. We are a highly confident that Juul has the technical capability, the current products and the products in the pipeline to navigate those differences and have strong success overseas. So I think that frankly, that there certainly is some work to be done there, but I think that they are already well on their way to having done that and I think that we're encouraged by the products they have in their pipeline.
Howard Willard: Vivien, I'd refer you to the last couple of years. You know, what has really happened is you've had particularly over the last year, a pretty nice performance by the premium brands including Marlboro, but you've had -- and you've had a flat overall discount category from a market share perspective. But there's been significant movement from branded discount products to deep discount products. And of course, there's certainly market action that could be taken to try and address that, but given the nice margins that we have on L&M, I think that we're comfortable with the current trends in the marketplace. 
Howard Willard: I think you have to consider, take 2018 as a guide. You had very substantial growth in e-vapor volume and it was both people converting completely from cigarettes to e-vapor as well as a substantial amount of dual use as people tried e-vapor and in many cases, Juul and are deciding whether to continue to dual-use or convert completely. So I think that 2018 was a pretty active year for e-vapor category growth. And, of course, as we know, the decline rate of the cigarette category was only 4.5% and that was elevated 0.5% by increasing gas prices. So, I think it shows you that the cigarette category decline rate is pretty persistent and it can withstand a fair amount of growth from e-vapor. So we continue to be very comfortable with our forecasted decline rate of the cigarette category over the next five years of 4% to 5%.
Howard Willard: Chris, I would also say on smokeless, you've got two things going on, which is I do think you have some consumers that were smokeless users that are moving into e-vapor. Probably the bigger impact on the smokeless growth rate is that in the past a lot of cigarette smokers were using smokeless as an alternative product, and I think a fair number of them have now said, "Boy, with the presence of Juul in the marketplace, I've got a closer experience to my cigarettes and smokeless that's attractive to me." So I think that has also contributed to the decline in the growth rate of smokeless. 
Howard Willard: Yes, I think we're comfortable with that growth rate over a variety of excise tax assumptions. But I would tell you that I believe that it's a reasonable assumption to believe that you'll get some incremental excise taxes on e-vapor, but then it will not be a significant acceleration of what's happened over the last few years. And I think that the argument that's been made at the state level about the fact that given the potential for harm reduction that's offered by e-vapor, that that is not a place where significant excise tax increases should be put in place. I think that's been fairly persuasive and I would expect it to continue to be. I think you had a second question. Remind me of it.
Howard Willard: Yes, I think our assumption is that the Juul is going to grow faster than the category. I mean, if you look at 2018, Juul growth represented more than the growth in the category, and I think there's probably -- as probably likely, that it may moderate from being the whole growth of the category going forward but we would expect it to be growing at a much more rapid rate than the other brands in the category.
Howard Willard: We are optimistic and hopeful that IQOS is going to get approved fairly soon and so we've got out a full rollout of IQOS included in our guidance.
Howard Willard: You were listening carefully. Yes, I think -- I don't know that it's a change in our plans but our belief is that IQOS is going to be quite a success and that after the lead market we'll be moving quickly to other markets. And what we have learned as we've been focused on gaining access to and establishing retail locations is that it's not something you can do overnight. And so we've made the decision that it's worth the incremental investment in order to line up those locations in multiple markets in advance. And obviously, as the time for the approval of IQOS drags on, it does cause us to incur a little bit of incremental expense but we think the upside from commercializing IQOS is big enough that we want to be fully ready the minute we get FDA approval.
Howard Willard: Yes, I mean -- Judy, I think the way I would frame that is, I acknowledged that there have been a number of products, particularly in the e-vapor category that have had some success, and then that success has fizzled. And so certainly that is something you have to be sensitive to but I have to point out that Juul's growth and success in the U.S market last year was unique, and first of it's kind compared to other tobacco products successes both in the U. S. and overseas. I mean the growth rate was dramatic, it represented the entire growth of e-vapor for the year and it dramatically reaccelerated the growth of e-vapor. So I think the reason that we have confidence that it's going to have more success in overseas markets over the next five years than some of the other products that have been introduced over there is because it had such dramatic success in the U.S last year.
Howard Willard: I'll answer the first part of your question and then I'll turn it over to Billy. The short answer on December versus today is nothing changed. We viewed 4% to 7% guidance is slightly below the 7% to 9% long-term trend, and you are right that it is a three percentage point wide range but I think that -- we think it's prudent given some of the increased volatility we've seen in our income in large part driven by volatility in [indiscernible] income stream that in order to give the investment community the right confidence in our guidance that a bit of a wider range is prudent and appropriate.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think with regard to Marlboro, you're right, we did stabilize this year and we think it's got very strong momentum and that will continue into this year. But I also think you have to consider the fact that our objective in the smokeable segment is to maximize income, and so I think you will see us balancing our desire to maximize income against the momentum of Marlboro, and we did that this year and I think we'll continue to do it. I think with regard to your question about putting Juul inserts on our cigarette packs; I would first of all say that I think the vast majority of the support that we will provide to Juul is really going to be brand agnostic or company agnostic with regard to how it helps Juul source volume. So if you think about them putting Juul into a much better display space of retail and having higher visibility or you think about them potentially gaining access to some of our other services. I think most of those services are not going to have a greater impact on our brands than they would on our competitor's brands. I think you could particularly with the onserts; obviously, we can only put onserts on our packs, they don't go on competitors packs. So, theoretically I guess it could result in a bit more volume coming out of Marlboro but I think that is unlikely to be the case. And I say that for really two reasons; I think there is already very high awareness amongst all cigarette -- adult cigarette smokers and frankly, all Marlboro smokers about the availability of Juul. So I think that a lot of that awareness has already been established, I wouldn't expect a big incremental uptick from those onserts. And then secondly, I would point out that I think Juul tends to get more of it's growth from the 21-year old to 29-year old cigarette smoker than it does from the 30-plus cigarette smoker. And if you think about it, I think as we've communicated in the past; Marlboro share of those 21-year old to 29-year old smokers is about equal to it's overall share but there are several other cigarette brands that are overdeveloped amongst 21-year to 29-year olds such as Newport, Camel or Natural American Spirit that frankly, might actually give you more volume on a relative basis than Marlboro.
Howard Willard: Sure. I don't think we've been surprised at FDA is concerned about youth usage of e-vapor products. I think as you know, both Juul and Alfie, we were in talking to them in November. They had a high level of concern then, we shared that concern and we've been interacting back and forth with the agency on the actions we're taking to try and reduce the levels of youth usage of e-vapor products. And frankly, I think their concern and their focus on the industry taking significant steps to drive down youth usage is appropriate and justified. And I think that we agree with Juul that we need to take significant action. I think Juul has already taken significant action, but we also agree that more must be done. So I think that our view is that it's important to drive down youth usage in order to preserve this opportunity for adult cigarette smokers to be able to switch to a very compelling non-combustible product. And I think we will ultimately achieve both. I think will drive down youth usage and still make this available to adult cigarette smokers as an alternative. And I just think we have some work to do and we're fully prepared to engage on that. 
Howard Willard: I'm not sure I'm tracking exactly with your math, but let me try and answer the question in a more general way, which is, you're right about the impact that we think it's having on the cigarette category. But beyond the impact that it's having on the cigarette category, we think it's also sourcing, as we said earlier, from the smokeless category probably from the cigar category as well. And we also think that with all the trial that's going on, part of their volume is coming from increased usage occasions by a variety of adult tobacco consumers. And that may settle out over time. I think that given the increased availability of the product, I think you have a lot of people that are trying it while still using their existing tobacco product and I think over time they're going to make a decision and they'll either switch completely to Juul but I think you saw that in the 2018 number as well. 
Howard Willard: Yeah, I mean, you are right that essentially we are cross-promoting, which is a fairly common thing and I think you may be thinking about the fact that we have a 35% economic interest in Juul and we have 100% economic interests in our cigarette business. And so that may be what's causing you to be surprised we would be willing to do this. I think I would frame it with a couple of thoughts. First of all, we think that even with the impact that the Juul could have on the overall volume growth and potential profit growth from our cigarette business going forward, even if it does impact it, we think when you take the sum of our of our cigarette profitability growth and you combine it with the economic contribution from Juul over the next five years, we think that's a net positive to us. And it's a net positive even if there's a bit more growth in Juul coming from our brands than from the competitors. So that's the first reason. The second reason is if you look at it, we four, frankly I've been with the company 26 years, almost my entire career. We have believed that our business would be better in the long-term if we could offer harm-reduced products that would represent attractive alternatives to our adult cigarette smokers to switch. And we've invested billions of dollars in it and lots of effort and ultimately, until December of this year, we really didn't have the product portfolio to fully achieve our harm reduction aspiration. And the opportunity to invest in Juul, I think really makes that harm reduction aspiration a reality. And if you look at it, we've got IQOS and the heat-not-burn category, the number one product and brand in that category. We've got Copenhagen and Skull and the oral tobacco products category and we had a hole in the e-vapor category and we've now filled that with our 35% economic interest in Juul. So I think that we are finally going to be able to achieve our harm reduction aspiration. And I think we can do that over the next 10 years and still deliver our long-term 7% to 9% EPS growth algorithm and give 80% of that adjusted EPS back to shareholders in the form of dividends. And I think our ability to achieve both harm reduction and secure our long-term financial performance was enhanced by the investment in Juul. 
Howard Willard: We've done a variety of work to understand the interaction between cigarette smokers and Juul. I don't know that we've done something specifically to what you're referencing, but we think we have a pretty firm understanding of what the interaction between the two categories is. 
Howard Willard: I think with regard to wine, I don't know that there's a real change there. I think that we have long said that we very much like the wine business and we are committed to returning it to strong income growth. But we've also said that it's not core like the rest of our tobacco businesses are. And that's been the case for quite some time and there hasn't been a change there. So we remain committed to running that business well. It's had a bit of a downturn over the last two years, but we're confident that the employees there have strategies in place to turn that around. With regard to Cronos, I think that you shouldn't assume that our existing product portfolio at Cronos is where we're going to stop. I think that both we and Cronos think there are opportunities really across the world in a variety of product categories, both recreational and medicinal that would involve them entering new product forms and developing new products and new product brands. I think it's early days there and we have really not restricted our thinking with regard to that. I think I'll hand over to Billy the question on cigarette pricing. 
