Martin J. Barrington: Thanks, Brendan. Good morning, everyone. Altria's diverse business model delivered strong financial results for the first quarter, as the company increased its adjusted diluted earnings per share by 10.2%. Higher pricing contributed to adjusted operating companies income and margin growth in all 3 of our reportable segments. Higher earnings from our equity investment in SABMiller and lower interest expense also drove adjusted EPS growth. In the smokeable products segment, PM USA grew adjusted operating companies income and margins, while increasing retail share for both Marlboro and PM USA. PM USA continued to support Marlboro's new brand architecture, with brand-building activities that contributed to Marlboro's retail share gains for the first quarter. Earlier this year, PM USA expanded distribution of Marlboro's Southern Cut nationally. Marlboro's Southern Cut, part of the Marlboro Gold family, has a uniquely rich and smooth flavor. Each of Marlboro's product families has exciting activities planned for the year to enhance the brand's strength. Earlier this month, PM USA received a $483 million credit against its master settlement agreement payment to the states as a result of the settlement of NPM adjustment disputes with certain states. The credit increased the smokeable products segment's reported operating companies income, but we excluded it from adjusted operating companies income. Middleton's volume and retail share of large machine-made cigars decreased for the first quarter. The quarter was marked by heightened competitive activity, including high levels of low-priced imported machine-made cigars. In the smokeless products segment, USSTC and PM USA increased adjusted operating companies income and margins, while growing Copenhagen and Skoal's combined retail share and volume. USSTC is supporting both Copenhagen and Skoal with equity building initiatives. In the first quarter, USSTC expanded Copenhagen's Southern Blend into additional states. In February, Skoal began to refresh its packaging to better reflect the brand's contemporary, premium qualities and differentiate its product offerings. In the wine segment, Ste. Michelle delivered strong operating companies income and margin growth by expanding distribution of its premium wines. As we've explained in the past, our tobacco operating companies remain very focused on understanding the evolving preferences of adult tobacco consumers and creating superior new products for them, and our 4 tobacco businesses: PM USA, USSTC and Middleton are making disciplined investments in innovation to expand the reach of their premium products to segments in which they are underrepresented. We applied the same disciplined approach to developing innovative tobacco products for adult consumers who are interested in alternatives to traditional tobacco products. Today, we're pleased to announce another step in our efforts to address these changing preferences. In the second half of this year, Altria's subsidiary, Nu Mark, plans to introduce an electronic cigarette into elite market. As you know, awareness and trial of e-cigarettes have increased over the last year, a subject to which we have been devoting attention and product development resources. We believe that Nu Mark should now enter the eBay per category, and we expect to provide more detail on these plans at our Investor Day in June. Altria remains focused on cost management. Our current cost reduction program remains on track, and is expected to deliver $400 million in annualized savings versus previously planned spending by the end of 2013. During the first quarter, Altria paid $886 million in dividends and purchased shares valued at $57 million. We're also pleased to share with you today that our Board of Directors has authorized a new $300 million share repurchase program that we expect to complete by the end of 2013. We're pleased with Altria's results for the first quarter. Altria reaffirms that it expects its 2013 full year adjusted diluted earnings per share to increased by 6% to 9% to a range of $2.35 to $2.41 from an adjusted diluted base of $2.21 per share in 2012. Howard will now discuss Altria's business result in more detail.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, thanks for the question. I guess I'd begin by observing, Judy, that this is best seen over time. I think to take one quarter's worth of data and to try to extrapolate too much is probably a bit dangerous. If you look over time, you'll see that the cigarette decline rate has been about 3% to 4%. Our estimate on an adjusted basis for the quarter is about 4.5%, although PM USA was less than that at about 4%, and we saw in 2012, it was about 3%. When you look at it, we don't see any big drivers in the first quarter that would argue for a sustained kind of acceleration in the volume decline. I mean, folks have pointed out various factors in quarter: the end of the payroll tax holiday, summary [ph] for the gasoline prices and other factors. So I think we'll have to see is the answer, but again, we're informed, I think, generally, by the fact that the historical decline rate has been in that 3% to 4% zone.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure, I mean, we've observed previously that we were monitoring the category carefully, of course. It's obviously are relevant to consumers that we know quite a lot about. We have devoted significant product development work to it, and we think that for all those factors, the reason that we're announcing that will be out in the second half is we have a product and we have plans that I think will allow us to compete effectively in this area that's emerging. It's small, of course, relative to traditional tobacco products, but there's no denying that adult tobacco consumers have shown some interest in it. And so for us at Altria, that's spot-on our mission. We're about providing adult tobacco and wine consumers superior branded products, and that's our intention here, and we'll learn our way in smartly.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, I mean, if you look at smokable, if you look at net effective pricing, actually, was quite nice. It was in, call it, I don't know, 4.5%, give or take, but we had a significant volume decline year-over-year for the reasons that you've asked about and pointed out and others have pointed out. So basically, it's driven by the volume. The cigar numbers, if you look at cigar shipments, obviously, year-over-year, they were distorted a bit by trade inventory factors, and we've got pretty highly competitive dynamic in the cigar space with people with bringing in kind of low-priced offshore-made product. In terms of the cigarette competitive space, I would say it's pretty much in line with what we've seen before. It's competitive out there, but it's been competitive for some time. We didn't see any particular change in the first quarter.
Martin J. Barrington: No, I think in line with I just said that there -- our plans, as you know, in the smokable segment, we're trying to maximize income while making sure that we're getting modest share momentum on Marlboro, and I think that's what you see play out in the quarter. If you look at Marlboro's share growth year-over-year, it's about 2/10, and so I think we stuck pretty much to our plan, which is what we intend to do.
Martin J. Barrington: We're looking at all of that now is the honest answer, David. That's why we'll have more on that in June. Our intention is to do this, to do it responsibly. And of course, as you well know and everyone else who follows us knows, a lot of that will be defined by what the FDA has to say about how they intend to regulate these products. So our intention is to compete and to compete effectively. We'll work through all of those particulars [Audio Gap] [Technical Difficulty]
Martin J. Barrington: David, I apologize for that. We had a technical difficulty that apparently caused the line to dropout. Apologies to everyone.
Martin J. Barrington: No. I was just about to say to you, it was nothing you said at all. I'm not quite sure where we're dropped. So let me know what you heard, and I'll try to pick back up without repeating unduly.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, I wouldn't be too concerned about that. If you look at the mix of the products in smokable, they're overwhelmingly premium. We've discussed previously having to manage a brand in the size and scale of Marlboro and having some price points for people during a tough economy, so I won't repeat all of that. But the overwhelming amount of the products in the smokeless segment are premium, and that's our intention because we're trying to maximize income. I'm sorry if I said smokeless, I misspoke, I meant to say smokable.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, again, I guess I'd go back -- I just hate to suggest that one quarter's worth of data really provide us with a lot of insight. I can tell you, Vivien, that there was a slow start in the quarter and then it got stronger as we went through the quarter for the first quarter. We obviously don't comment on intra-quarter, so that's not intended to be a comment on the second quarter. But again, it's just a cautionary note about trying to read too much into one quarter's worth of data on this.
Martin J. Barrington: No, I think it's too small to read. It's probably -- we know there's some interest so it's probably having some effect, but it's really too small to read and extrapolate from at this time.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes. Let's take it one at a time. In terms of state excise taxes, Howard gave you the numbers year-over-year. We're watchful, of course. There's a fair amount of activity. This is the peak time, as you know, during this period of the year when state legislatures are in. We have some activity in Massachusetts and Minnesota. There's been a proposal in California. We and others are obviously doing our best advocacy to try to persuade legislatures that that's not the way to go, as consumers are already very heavily taxed in this area. But there is a fair amount of activity in the states, and we'll have to see how she goes. If we switch to the federal excise tax, as you know, the President raised this issue in his budget proposal. We are strongly opposed to that. As you know, federal excise tax was raised 158% just a few years ago. It's incredibly disruptive. These taxes are regressive. They're unfair. And to the extent that programs are proposed that are for the benefit of everyone, we think that there are better ways to finance them than to put it on the back of adult tobacco consumers. So we'll see how it goes. It's dynamic in Washington, but we're hopeful that, that won't come to pass and we're certainly advocating against it.
Martin J. Barrington: I can understand and I appreciate your interest. Well, look, it always starts with the consumer, and that's where we began. Our mission, as I've just mentioned a moment ago, was to provide adult tobacco consumers with superior branded products. So we wanted to make sure we understood the consumer dynamic. And as we've discussed previously, there is some interest out there. There is some trial. The awareness is high. So we started by trying to understand those dynamics and to understand them well. And of course, you have to do product development to try to find products that are interesting to them, that are going to have interest to them, that will work in the marketplace, and that's the basic process that we follow. We have a robust center for research and development. We have robust product development capability. We have good insight into this consumer. We have great brand building capability, and so that's the process that we followed. And when we have something that meets those standards, we'll put it into a test or elite market to see if the consumer reacts to it the way we predict he or she will, and that's what we're about to do in the second half. So that's a bit of an overview, and I know it's at a high-level, but we can talk about that some more when we're ready to say more about our plans.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, we engage with the FDA regularly up-and-down the agency at the Center for Tobacco Products, and that includes at the director level, as well as with all of the staff and the various groups that work at, our strategy has been and continues to be in full compliance with the regulations that govern our businesses, as well as to engage and to try to be thoughtful and constructive about the issues that face the industry, and we did that before and we'll do that again. I wasn't particularly surprised about the topics that Mr. Zeller referred to as being his priorities because, as we all know, these are the topics that have been the subject to some discussion. The agency had said, for some time, that it was working on deeming. So I'm not surprised that he will continue to work on deeming. Substantial equivalence has been much discussed and the agency, I think, is working hard to try to move those along. So I think those are the topics we would expect, and we would expect to -- for Mr. Zeller to come in and do a professional job in accordance with the statute as did his predecessor.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, we won't break it out at that level of detail, but I would remind everyone what our strategy is here. Overall, for the smokable segment, because we're trying to maximize income while maintaining modest share momentum on Marlboro, we've deployed Special Blends for the purpose of making sure we have a price point for some price-sensitive consumers in the franchise. They want to be in the Marlboro franchise. They like Marlboro, but the consumer macro economy has been hard on them. So we want to make sure that we have a place for them. You correctly referred to our strategy of -- I'll begin, I guess, with list price, reminding everyone that Marlboro sells for the same list price everywhere, and then we have different promotional platforms within the franchise and we reduced the promotions for Special Blend over time as we've been able to do that. So overall, I think we're pretty happy with how that's come together. You see continued margin growth in the smokable segment. So all in all, we're pretty happy with that. I think we've also discussed previously if and when the economy really begins to improve and get some traction and adult tobacco customers are feeling better and we have higher consumer confidence, those promotional platforms can be further modified.
Martin J. Barrington: I think I'll refer to what I've said before, Chris, which is in terms of the competitive environment in the smokable segment, it's about kind of where we've been. It's competitive out there. It's been competitive and our plans take all that into account.
Martin J. Barrington: No. I don't think that's the way to see it. It looks to us like it's the industry volume performance and again, you can see that PM USA actually performed better on an adjusted basis against that volume than did the industry.
Martin J. Barrington: I could certainly comment on why we supported the FDA, which included this protocol to get modified risk tobacco products approved, and we've advocated to the agency as we have for some time now. And you can see these papers on altria.com that we believe that's an important policy issue for FDA. We believe that the role of manufacturers, like ourselves, are to try to develop these products to make the case about why they should be considered for modified risk if the science and evidence supports it. And it's the agency's role to consider those applications and then communicate accurately to consumers if the case is made. And we're actually pleased that there's all this activity at FDA. It's an important component of its mission to regulate tobacco products, so we support that.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, I understand your question. It's just so early to make any predictions about that. I don't think I'd be giving you any help. I have replied in response to a question a bit earlier about -- it's very hard to even understand at these small numbers, the volume impact or not. So to be predicting about future rates and margins and cannibalization is just a bit ahead of where we are.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, our announcement today is that we have developed a product that we intend to launch in the second half, and we don't comment on acquisitions.
Martin J. Barrington: I know it's tempting, Michael. I'm just going to ask everybody to hold on until we roll out our plans. Good try.
Martin J. Barrington: Yes, it's pretty competitive out there in the cigars space. You have our strategy, which is we're trying to -- just as we are with cigarettes, we're trying to maximize income there. We have, as you know, Ann, a large percentage of the tipped segment there, and the profitability there remains pretty good. It's in the cigarillo space where we're seeing lots of competition with low-priced entries, some of which is being facilitated by these imports that Harry and I mentioned in our remarks. And so we would like to have greater exposure in the cigarillo space, but we're also mindful of trying to maximize our profitability there, and that's what the brand people are trying to work through right now. If you've been at retail and you've seen this, it's just mighty competitive on price, and we're, of course, prefer to compete on equity.
Martin J. Barrington: I would say it's a combination of a number of factors that we track closely. We certainly track unemployment. We're mindful of underemployment. I'll remind people that the labor participation rate continues to drop, which, really, if it were -- if the unemployment rate were corrected for that, unemployment would be even higher than it's -- being what's reported. Thilo, we watch housing starts pretty carefully, and that's actually a bit of an encouragement, isn't it, that housing starts are doing better than they were a year ago. We've got a number of those factors that we watch. And then, of course, we try to manage the brands to the gaps as best we can based on all those data.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, again, I'd go back to if we start with manufacturers' pricing, our pricing picked up really quite nicely. At retail, there are a number of factors that influence the average retail pack price. Some of them are our trade programs. Some of them are retailers, strategies about how they choose to compete at the C store. And what you've seen, I think during the period, that you've referenced is a number of those strategies coming to bear in the retail market. So as you know, we offer a variety of Marlboro programs, MLP, Flex, Margin Option, Orcher [ph], intended to offer retailers the opportunity to align their strategies as best they think they can with Marlboro, and I think that's -- those are the dynamics you see. Retailers have different strategies for different platforms. Indeed, for different stores, our goal is to try to offer programs that give them choices to make with respect to our business.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, that's a bit of a complex topic. What I was trying to convey to Michael was as we're thinking about the product that we intend to launch in the second half, Vivien, that we'll have our plans rolled out as they become more final. If -- maybe that's best handled offline. I can get Brendan or someone to walk you through the complexities of using cigarette brands in various spaces.
Howard A. Willard: Yes, I'd rather not talk about our future plans for that debt. Certainly, when you look at our historical pattern, in some cases, we've -- when our debt is matured, we've issued new debt, and we did do a tender refinancing last year. But I'm not in the position to share kind of what our plans are through the end of this year.
Howard A. Willard: Sure. I think as you pointed out, we've done over $2 billion since 2011. And certainly, we feel good about the new $300 million program. I think to start off with how we thought about this year, obviously, the primary way we return cash to shareholders is through dividends, and the dividend was increased last August. And I think each year, we look at kind of our various cash needs and decide what the appropriate amount of share repurchase is. And I think at this point, we feel comfortable with the $300 million, but certainly, we'll keep an eye on that as the year evolves.
Howard A. Willard: Sure. I think I hesitate to give forecasts on what we're going to use our cash flow through throughout the rest of the year, but I think it's something that we look at pretty carefully. And certainly, when you look at an 80% dividend pay out ratio, most of the cash is going out on a pre-regular basis. And I think for now, we feel that the $300 million number is the right number. Certainly, there'll be greater color as to the cash usage as the year progresses.
