Billy Gifford: I think when you think about it being weighted to the second half of the year, I think there's two major components you should think. I'm the biggest being NJOY. You remember, we closed that on June 1. So we had amortization of that acquisition. And so you'll have the investments that we highlighted in our remarks of course, in the first half of the year where you didn't have that in the first half of last year. I think the other thing to note is, remember, the two extra shipping days, one of those will occur in the third quarter and one in the fourth quarter. So they're both back half of the year weighted. I think those are the two major things. And of course, there are always puts and takes, but those are the two major things I would highlight.
Billy Gifford: Yes, it's a little bit of both. I think when you think about it, Matt, we tried to highlight that our consumer is under pressure. And we felt like we could use the normal Black franchise as well as rounding out that portfolio for -- with the normal gold pack. I think if you look back in history, you see we use these tools. It allows us to take a small segment of Marlboro and provide a place for consumers under pressure because Marlboro still the aspirational brand in the marketplace. Those that are facing economic pressures have a place to continue to interact with Marlboro and purchase Marlboro. You'll see historically, when economic pressures ease a bit for our consumers, we're able to lessen those promotional. But in essence, we kept them in the mobile franchise, the brand itself. And it's much more effective and efficient to do it that way, then try to win them back if they trade it down. I would encourage you to think about price realization over the long-term. When you look at it on a quarter basis, you have timing of pricing things of that nature. But even if I can encourage you to look at it over the long-term, at least look at it and look at costs year-over-year. And I think if you look last year, you'll see the fourth quarter was a high mark compared to the other quarters from a price realization. So comps will affect it to a certain degree as well.
Billy Gifford: Thanks for your question, Pamela. I think there are a number of factors you should think about. When we put that enterprise goal out there, we talked about it on a compounded annual basis. And we highlighted for you that there would be variability throughout that process because there are going to be years where you have investment and you heard the answer to the previous question, we closed NJOY in the second half of the year. And so now you have a full year of investment. On the other hand, you have puts and takes across it because you saw the increase in profitability with on!. So as you're investing, the various categories is going to be at different levels of investment and as we're able to ease those investments that's what we anticipate through time. You know the aspiration is to be the leader -- a leader in each of the categories, and you know that we are pretty successful in increasing margins through time.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I would point you back to the decomposition of overall industry volume and the factors affecting it. The ones I would highlight is really the macroeconomic and other. And there remember, there are two components there. One, we've been highlighting for you that the consumer is under economic pressure. And when they're under economic pressure they make different decisions in the moment. The other is the explosion of illicit base. It's having an impact both in the combustible segment as well as the e-vapor segment, the legitimate e-vapor segment, if you will, and so it's having an impact on both. So I think as you think about the economy through time as well as what is necessary, which is significant more enforcement of illegitimate and illegal product in the marketplace those consumers will be at play. We want to keep them in the e-vapor market, and that's why you see the distribution and the movements we've made with NJOY, but keeping them in the e-vapor market responsibly. And so that's the way we think about it through time.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think when you think about the combustible segment, it has always been a competitive marketplace. So I think we're seeing these other bigger challenges with the consumer being under pressure and the illicit base. From an illicit base standpoint, the consumers are moving. What's encouraging is it's a proof of harm-reduction. If we had harm-reduced products in the marketplace, consumers removed. But they have to be reviewed and authorized by the FDA for the consumer to be able to count on that. So I think when you think about through time, the competitive, I would point to Marlboro continues to grow its share in the premium segment. And its overall share has been really steady if you go pre-pandemic to post-pandemic, but it continues to be a competitive marketplace. I think when you think about e-vapor, we've certainly seen competitors step up their promotional spend as we have expanded distribution of NJOY. We've shared with you, if you will, the consumer research that we did prior to the acquisition. We feel good about the proposition we have with NJOY and the early consumer feedback we have on the product in the marketplace. So we look forward to being able to continue to engage with the consumer as we move through 2024.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I appreciate your question, Bonnie. You'll recall we don't really offer guidance down to the level because we're balancing that. That's why we put forward the enterprise goals. Remember, one is the overall margin for the portfolio of products because, as I mentioned earlier, each of those categories have been being different points of investment. What we strive for in the combustible segment is to maximize profitability in the long-term and we're going to make appropriate investments in Marlboro and investments in the growth categories. And so we try to lay for you, if you will, the groundwork of how we're going to manage the business through time.
Billy Gifford: Yes, there was a lot in that question, Bonnie, so I'll try to unpack it, but follow-up if I missed the piece. So I'll start in the reverse order. Yes, we do more like our core businesses are very strong when you look at the strength of Marlboro in the marketplace, you look at the aspiration of Copenhagen and MST and you look at the performance of those businesses through time, you see that they're very strong and continue to be strong. As far as investments, I'll speak -- you ask about Ploom. We shared in our remarks, we're continuing to work on the application there. We expect to file that in the first half of 2025. It's just the application process and compiling it and the studies that are involved with that. But we feel good about what we've seen with interactions with the consumer to this point. As far as the NJOY, certainly, you can expect more investment in 2024 than you did in 2023. Some of that's just the nature of we didn't close it until June 1, but now we're in 75,000 stores. And so we're really looking forward to having that in the stores where consumers are shopping, having it displayed much more prominently than it ever has been we secured, as I mentioned, the great spot on the fixture. But having that in the consideration set, we feel like once we get that in consumers' hands, consumer research would tell us that they will convert through time for the product because they enjoy it.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I appreciate your question. I think if you recall, as we progressed through 2023, we highlighted for you pockets of the U.S. where we felt like we needed to make some investments. Some in the menthol segment, we saw some competitors getting a bit aggressive in the menthol space, and we made those investments. And some was related directly to the discount category and some of the aggressiveness there. I think overall, when you look at Marlboro and its steadiness and share and its growth in the premium segment, you can see with the RGM capabilities and the data analytics that we have, we're able to be very efficient and effective with spending in the marketplace. Trying to get, if you will, to the individual consumer so that we can deal with the individual consumer that is facing those either competitive decisions with the aggressiveness that they take or with just their economic situation. And I think you see that we've actually been able to implement that very well, again, with the steadiness of Marlboro and the investments that we've made.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I think you have to think about it as headwinds tailwinds. Certainly, gas prices have declined, so you can take the gas prices being a bit of a tailwind. You also have to think about the debt load and the cumulative impact of inflation on the total basket that our consumer purchases. It's that cumulative impact that's affected the discretionary income. And then I mentioned that load, just because from a debt load standpoint, the increase in interest rate also affects the discretionary income. So I think overall, if you think about the discretionary income, its down.
Billy Gifford: Yes, that is a lot based on efforts by ourselves and working with the legislatures in the state. And what you're referring to is Louisiana requires manufacturers to certify the individuals within the company to certify that they either have followed FDA guidance and they have a legitimate application on file and it's pending or that they have actually received authorization. It is early right now, Callum, in Louisiana, I would say the early signs are encouraging that we are seeing illicit base being removed from the marketplace. Hope that trend continues. And we are -- there have been a number of states that have passed similar legislation as well as a number of states that are considering it. But it's a bit early, but yes, the early signs are encouraging.
Billy Gifford: Yes. What we tried to share with you is that was the shipment volume. We tried to share with you also the share, and if you will, that's an estimate of consumer take. So it was 3.7% for the period that we owned them and then we try to highlight for you that we have put in place testing some bundle offers, where we could test trial promotions so that we're prepared for the full distribution and be able to bring that across the U.S. this year. We did it on a small scale, but just that small-scale impacted national share, an additional incremental 0.3 in November and another incremental 0.3 in December. So it's early. We'll be bringing that marketing activation and promotional to the nation this year. But certainly, the early results are very encouraging.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I would say from modern oral, there is minimal impact. You'll recall that in secular decline, we represent historically about 1% across category movement. Then we try to call out any additional or special items. And what we call out, and you'll see that in our quarterly metrics that about 1.5% to 2.5% is related to the illicit e-vapor category. And so if you think about historically 1% being up in secular decline, this 1.5% to 2.5% being related to illicit base. But yes, we are encouraged that we're seeing some interaction with going with adult smokers. But at this point, from an impact to the overall industry, it is minimal. It is really illicit base that is driving the majority of that.
Billy Gifford: Yes. It's a complex issue. So let me try to unpack it for you. When you look at that 15%, we would consider that legitimate shipments that went to California. What you're seeing is a lot of black market activity that takes place in California. So you see gray market consumers going across the border, and we've seen that, whether it be Nevada or other bordering states, some consumers go across to get them menthol cigarettes. We're seeing a lot of black market enter up from Mexico into the state of California. That would not be included in the 15%. So that is black market or a legal product that has made its way into California for the consumer to buy. Again, that wouldn't be in the 15%. We do believe some consumers have moved. Certainly, there's a huge market of a listed vape in California. That continues even though the flavor ban is in place. To answer your question on the adult cigarette consumer. What you see with the benefit of Marlboro is I think if you look at various studies, when there's a menthol ban, the consumer really doesn't leave the nicotine space and a lot of them don't even leave cigarettes. They look to non-menthol cigarettes as an alternative. And with our over-indexing and non-menthol, it makes sense that they would move to Marlboro. One of the other things I would highlight in moving to non-menthol, we've seen an influx of what we call menthol cards into the state of California. So again, they're illegal, but it allows the consumer to buy a non-menthol pack of cigarettes, insert the card and then if you will self-ventilate their cigarettes. So there, I think it points again to when you pass the law without an eye towards how you're going to enforce the law, you see a significant amount of illicit activity that takes place related to that.
Billy Gifford: It's hard to answer on the hypothetical Jennifer, and I apologize for without [indiscernible] the actual proposed rule and what's going to take place. It's tough to say what their enforcement activities will be. I think if you look at our comments related to the menthol ban, you'll see that we felt like the FDA needed to take into consideration all of the unintended consequences and that you're seeing them take place in California. Black market activity, illicit product getting into the marketplace, methylated cards. So there are a lot of unintended consequences. So it'd be tough to tell, if you will, what the overall how the consumer will be at play in that depending on what's available to them.
Billy Gifford: I think it's too early to tell. We certainly anticipate that there would be legal challenges, but it's too early to tell whether we would be involved. We would like to be able to understand the rule as it's published finally and then make that decision, and we'll share it with you when we have anything to share.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think there could be a risk for underage if not marketed and sold responsibly. So we actually sent a letter to the FDA many months ago, that they should encourage them to issue marketing guidelines for the category. So that regardless of authorizations or not, be able to have marketing guidelines for that category so that all industry members could follow so that we can protect the harm reduction for adults without exposing underage users to the category. We haven't seen any action by the FDA. But certainly, we, as our approach to the marketplace has very minimal under interaction with our brand.
Billy Gifford: Well, I won't get into the details because we shared that with the FDA, and we haven't seen any action at this point. But certainly, what would be considered a responsible approach to the marketplace.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think you certainly highlight that the circuit courts have taken different positions on the approach by the FDA in the e-vapor market when we certainly are closely monitoring these cases. But I think when you step back from it, we're in a unique position. We're the only cloud-based product that has received authorization from the FDA. So if you think about other major competitors in the cloud segment, they have not received authorization. Our authorization was in the tobacco flavored pods and our application from the menthol version of the same product is pending with the FDA. And we really feel like looking at those court cases in both instances where the courts have taken different positions. We believe that we should get a marketing order for this menthol product, whether you look at the holdings on either of those instances of the second quarter. So we'll monitor those, but we're in a unique position.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I'll be careful not to talk about future pricing, but I'll describe how we think about pricing. It's certainly an important part of the algorithm. I think you've seen us take pricing. I know people are focused on fourth quarter price realization. I tried to express that if you're going to look at it on a short-term basis, at least look at comps versus prior year, we look at price realization over the long-term. And when we think about the strategy in combustibles, it really is to maximize profitability over the long-term while balancing appropriate investments in Marlboro with the areas that are growing. And when you look at that and look through history and see the price realization, you see the data analytics and the revenue growth management capabilities kicking in. Marlboro has been steady, is growing its share of premium, and we continue to compete what we feel like very effectively and efficiently fulfilling what our strategy is for the category through time.
Billy Gifford: I think when you look at it, we'll continue to execute against our strategy, which is to maximize profitability over the long-term.
