Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, Marlboro Black is nationwide, and it's positioned as Marlboro Black. Relative to plans for Marlboro in 2012, from a forward-looking point of view, we've provided EPS guidance. We don't like to get into the detail of how we're going to deliver what we think we're going to deliver for competitive reasons, but at CAGNY, we will provide some additional context regarding our thinking about Marlboro when some of the things that we're looking at relative to the brand as we go forward through 2012 without providing too much information from a competitive point of view.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I think nothing's changed from a strategic point of view for us. We're focused on premium brands. This year, L&M recovered a bit of the share that basically got lost. Our objective there is to kind of hold our position in the discount segment and transition it to L&M as a brand. So some of that occurred, but our absolute share of the discount business has remained pretty constant over the past few years, as we've kind of ceded some share on basic and recovered some of that on the L&M. You shouldn't read any into that, any suggestion of strategic change.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I'll tell you what, I don't think I'm going to comment on it any further right now. At CAGNY, we'll talk a bit more about our relationship and the whole subject of alternate [ph] products for tobacco consumers. And so I'd suggest that you wait until that point before we communicate any further on the subject.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, we always view that as a risk to the business, and so it's an area where we have to be prepared to participate and we do. It's an election year. Sometimes that makes it a little bit more difficult to call. So we'll see. Right now, we're just watching to see what kind of activity might emerge so that we can be prepared to deal with it appropriately.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, look. We've been pretty clear with our position relative to the cigarette business. We believe that the appropriate strategy in the cigarette business is to maximize profitability but maintain modest momentum on Marlboro because we want to have sustainable profit growth. So I believe that our cigarette position is very good in that regard that as I explained in my remarks, I think share deviations on Marlboro this year really have more to do with differences in promotion spending and timing, both ours and competitive activity and that it's to be expected to have some of those kinds of share deviations particularly in this kind of economic environment where you have a certain segment of your consumer base that is more price sensitive and is more volatile relative to shopping and relative to promotion activity you see in the store. I think Marlboro's held up very well in that environment. Price gaps have remained stable throughout that environment. The brand was able to contribute to expanded margins at Philip Morris U.S.A. And I think it's well positioned, as I said in my remarks, to go into 2012. So we look at this on a long-term basis. We think that based on the guidance we provided that we can continue to deliver a solid growth rate in EPS to our shareholders and that Marlboro will be a part of that proposition.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I think so far what we've seen has been about what we would have expected, a methodical approach to applying the legislation that was passed, that the FDA has the obligation to do that. And that legislation calls for the FDA to use science and evidence to do things that are in the interest of public health related to tobacco. And while I still think it's early in the process, I think the FDA has followed the legislation and is moving right along relative to the legislative imperatives that it's been given. And I think is from our perspective, it's been appropriate in the way it's been moving forward. So it remains to be seen what the outcome will be on some of the issues. And I'm sure there will be places, and there have already been some places where you may see industry disagreement with conclusions that have been drawn or regulations that have been issued by the FDA. But I think that's always to be expected in a regulatory environment.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, once again, we provide guidance, as the forward-looking way for investors and analysts to have some idea of what we're thinking and what we anticipate will be the outcome for the year, but we don't like to get into breaking down the internals because it does have a bearing on competition and how people view or try to determine what our competitive positions might be and what we might do. So I'm going to decline to break it down any further than the guidance that we've provided.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, look, the premium discount mix in the cigarette category has remained pretty much in the range that it's been in over the last number of years. So any activity in shifting between premium and discount -- and remember, this is largely a premium business -- is really driven by short-term activity in the marketplace. So we haven't seen any trend outline changes. We see actually a lot of promotion activity between the leading premium brands and some trading of volume back and forth and share back and forth between those premium brands, once again, based on levels of shorter-term promotion spending. And there -- everybody has to understand that in any category and on any brand, even the most premium of premium brands, there is always a segment of that brand's consumer population that's more price sensitive and promotion sensitive and does in fact switch from time to time between other brands that they've found to be satisfactory when they can buy them on promotion. And so we have a segment of that business on the Marlboro brand, even though the brand has a very high loyalty factor of people who buy the brand 100% of the time. So I don't see any underlying trend changes right now in the category between premium and discount. I just see promotion-driven shifting that is short term. And in our view, again, we're managing this category to maximize profitability and maintain longer-term strength of position for our brands so that they can continue to deliver good profit growth.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Yes. Well, generally, unemployment and consumer confidence have been factors that have been associated with the ability for brands to sustain a wider gap between a premium brand's price and the lowest price in the marketplace. But that generally -- that outcome generally follows those things occurring. And we're still at high levels of unemployment, and we're still at low levels of consumer confidence. Okay? So I think that I can't predict the future on how fast or when that's going to change. I might just say that if it does, then it could have some positive impact. But I don't know when that will be.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, once again, I think I'll defer to CAGNY, I think, when we talk about the business in a little more detail and a little more time has passed.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, the third quarter ended with really low inventory levels. Inventory levels on cigarettes grew a bit in the fourth quarter, and then toward the end of the fourth quarter after pricing activity in the marketplace, they declined again. So it was kind of a complex quarter from the point of view of inventory movement. Probably the easiest way to understand it is that we began 2012 with inventory levels that are pretty equivalent to how we began 2011.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Yes, that's a reasonably normalized level. I mean, there's always some movement in these things that are driven by particular wholesaler or retailer motivations at any point in time. But I think the easiest way to understand where we are as we began 2012 with inventory, wholesale inventory levels that were pretty equivalent to where we began 2011.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, that's kind of a hard question to ask -- answer because oftentimes volatility is driven by external factors rather than what we're actually doing and how we're actually performing in the business. I do think it's fair to say that in the cigarette business, we've gone -- in my career, we've gone through really 3 downturns with this last one, I mean economic downturns, with this last one being probably the most severe. And I think that the cigarette brands or Marlboro in particular has been most successful in the way its business has been performing and its ability to grow profitability in this last one, which is the longest, and probably the most difficult. And I think to some degree that's a reflection of what we learned from the other ones. So I'd say that we've gotten better at dealing with that particular area where from time to time, there are economic situations that develop that aren't particularly attractive for consumers and kind of knowing how to run premium brands in that kind of environment and continue to give stable, consistent returns to shareholders, I think, is one of the things that the company is good at.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I think that the issues remain pretty much what they have been. I think the risk to the business are always competitive risks, marketplace risks, economic risks. We have regulatory risks. We have legal risks. They're not new news, nor are they unknown. They're pretty much the same ones that have been around for a bit now and that we have had pretty successful track record in managing. But they continue to be the risks that I believe that the company faces.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Yes. Well, if you're getting a -- what you're primarily referring to is the cigarette business because the other businesses are growing categories. But I think in the cigarette business, the answer to the question is that given the complexity of the math model, it actually isn't a necessity to have top line revenue growth in order to have profit growth. And that continues out, I think, into the future. It's nice to get it when you can get it, but it's not a necessity to get it in order to have profit growth. And I think we've demonstrated that.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Yes. Well, just once again, as growth the businesses grow, the cigarette business becomes less of a percentage of the total profit pool. But we continue to expect that our cigarette profitability is going to grow out to the future. And my point is it's not really necessary to actually get top line growth in order to get profit growth out of the cigarette business. Relative to cost, we lay those things out as we get to them rather than provide a lot of forward-looking information, so I'm not going to report on that. We have a program we've announced, and as we accrue those savings, we'll be talking about that.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, again, I would describe the cigarette industry right now from a pricing point of view as pretty stable. I mean, if you look at price gaps, across the key brands, it's pretty stable, but it's very competitive. So there's still a lot of ebb and flow of short-term promotion activity. There are no fundamental trend changes that seem to be taking place in the industry, so I expect it to continue to be competitive. But within that, it's pretty stable overall industry, and the profit pool continues to expand.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: No, I don't think I spoke to that nor am I going to try and reconcile it. My comment was simply that inventories at the beginning of 2012 were about the same as they were at the beginning of 2011.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, we can't predict what the inventory movement's going to be by wholesalers, so I'd decline to comment on that.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, to answer your -- first part of your question is I have confidence that the FDA is going to study this issue and make a determination about it because it's a part of what's in the legislation. And I think that they'll -- they've already begun to look at the subject. So I do have confidence that it's going to be reviewed. And relative to how consumers react, I think that's going to be depending upon the products.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: No, I can't. I think that process continues along, and I don't know that there's any decision for the FDA to make. I just think they have a mandate to study the issue, and they've continued to move through a process that meets their legislative mandate. So I don't know what the outcome of that will be.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, to answer your first question is I don't really know the answer at this point. I mean, there's always some movement in the trade programs, and we have had some in ours, and we've seen some recent activity from some competitor, competitive activity. And it's kind of hard at this point to gauge what the outcome is because some of that's still in motion. Relative to our retail organization, we've been continuing to work through the integration of all these businesses into one sales organization, and one of the impediments that we had was we had to take the different systems that existed and take these 3 categories and put them into our system, which at the time, was really designed to accommodate one category. And over the course of the last couple of years, we've built a new system and installed that system in December and trained the entire organization on that system. And so they're just now getting up and running. We also will complete a reconfiguration of the organization based on how the business development is with the totality of these businesses from a geographic point of view versus the way it was originally designed, which was around the cigarette business. So that has implications for coverage and the amount of coverage and then having your coverage in the right places. And so all of those things are a continuation of the completion of these acquisitions that we made and kind of beginning to tune up some of the places where you have some residual effect. So I think that as we come to a close on that kind of disruptive activity in the sales organization that we'll be in a better position. Now we haven't really seen, I don't think, an impact on the business from that, but it is difficult for our people sometimes when they're having to work with less-than-optimum systems for example to get their work done.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Yes. We don't provide forecasts on what our cash balances are expected to be. If you want to understand our needs, you can certainly look at the historical financial statements, and there's a pattern there that you could probably take a look at.
