Billy Gifford: Thanks for the question, Pamela. I think when you think about pricing, it's important to remember our price realization has really two major components. The first component, everybody is all aware of it and talks about regularly which are list price increases, and that's across our portfolios. When you think about the other component, and we've referred to it before as the investments we've made around advanced analytics and the amount of data we get from retail. And with that advanced analytics, some companies refer to it as revenue growth management but it's really taken the retail promotions we put in the marketplace for consumers and really making it more efficient and as effective, or maybe at times more effective than without the Revenue Growth Management.  So that's allowing us to increase the price realization. I think that's what you experienced through the quarter and through the first 9 months. And from a standpoint of L&M, look, we've increased our profitability on L&M. We have ceded some share there, but we are a premium focused Company. We liked the results that we've experienced in L&M. And I think you see what the advanced analytics model has been rock solid for, call it now, 5 to 6 quarters.
Billy Gifford: I think if you look at the slides we provided, I will take the discount question first, you can see discount bounces around from time-to-time. It's still in the range where it has been for quite a while. I think you see the propensity for consumers to still vastly value premium brands over discount brands. From a standpoint of how we think about pricing, and I'll be careful not to talk about future pricing, I mentioned before there are several factors we think about. We think about the health of our brands, the demographics that are associated with our brands, are we being relevant across all adult cohorts.  And we think about the economic health of our consumers. That is a factor that we factor in and then we think about overall corporate objectives. And so we looked about how we make decisions there. I think when you think about the overall strategy that we apply to the combustible segment, it's really about maximizing profitability over the long term while making appropriate investments and balancing investments in Marlboro with investments in the non-combustible portfolio.
Billy Gifford: Nothing there to call out, Vivien, you're right, we actually look at it down to the state level and below that; and I would say nothing really to call out specifically different from what you're seeing on a national base.
Billy Gifford: Thank you Vivien. I think when you think about our strategy in all tobacco, you can see what we are doing as we have great margins in traditional MST, we continue to lead in that category and we're making great strides in the on!, in the novel oral space, and we're very pleased with what we saw with the results. Once we got past manufacturing capacity constraints the progress we've been able to make with their sales force and the Helix team. It's important to remember that you're disrupting the consumer and introducing them to a new category that's grown extensively.  And so we're not just investing in price promotion, we're investing in making it a premium brand and really engaging with the consumer both digitally as well as with equity images so that they understand the nature of the brand. So you're disrupting that retail and then you're reinforcing it with equity through time. So, that's how we're approaching the all-tobacco category. We believe on! through time, we can achieve Tobacco - like margins, but certainly we are in the investment phase right now.
Billy Gifford: Yes, it's something we certainly monitor Owen, thank you for the question, and it's something that we supply to you guys the overall national price gap. But we look at it, back to Vivien 's question, at a much lower level. I think when you think about that price gap, I would point to the performance on Marlboro through time, being able to achieve that price realization and I mentioned advanced analytics before and what's that team has been able to do in making the retail promotions we put in the marketplace effective and more efficient. And so you see the steadiness of Marlboro through time, you see the price realization where we -- what we were able to achieve for -- through the first 9 months. But it's certainly something we monitor, but we feel good about the position that our tobacco businesses are at.
Billy Gifford: I think the only thing I would add, Owen, is you can take up and you've been following us for quite a while. It's no different than the analysis we went through with SAB. We look at the asset, we look at that, go through the analytics and doesn't make sense to hold the asset or reallocate that capital somewhere else. And so that's something now that the restriction has gone, that will do on a regular basis and we'll update you at the appropriate times.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. Gaurav, I would remind you how we think about the combustible category and it's really about maximizing profitability over the long term, and then balancing investments in Marlboro because we're premium focus with investments in the noncombustible portfolio that we have, and so that's how we -- the overall strategy for the combustible segment. I would point to the performance of Marlboro again, of 5 to 6 quarters our RAC steady performance, and the price realization we've been able to achieve, both from list price as well as the advanced analytics and applying that to the marketplace. So we feel good about where we're positioned, as far as other companies they can make decisions independent of us.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. Nothing to point out, Gaurav, that would be material. We've had -- from a standpoint of our procurement team, they stay on top of this. They are able to work around whether it's storms, or shortages, or supply chains. But we haven't experienced any shortages either from a labor standpoint or from a product input standpoint. So we're extremely pleased with what our procurement and our hourly workforce has been able to achieve through this process.
Billy Gifford: Yeah, it's a great question. I would point to the mobility of our consumer and we talked about the extra nicotine occasions that we believe were added last year because of the stay-at-home practices. They -- and so as they've increased their mobility and you pointed to both factors that out about more and they're using their discretionary income on other things. The only other thing I would highlight that you did not highlight is gas prices and we know gas prices affect our consumers. But these are characteristics of the consumer. We know how to navigate through and I think you've seen we've been successful in the past, but those would be the major factors I would highlight.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. I think if you refer to -- we try to provide a decomposition of industry volume. And so we do it on a 12-month moving. And so as of the end of the third quarter on a 12-month moving, remember, in secular decline, which is people smoking less or quitting smoking or moving to other categories, that's always contained about 1% of people leaving cigarettes for other categories. And then if we see additional cross-category movement beyond that, we highlight that. And you see that was up 0.2%. And so you can see about 1.2% of consumers leaving cigarettes for whatever other category they choose.
