Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, if you look at the overall range of big brands in the category and you look at the discount segment overall, what you'll see is that over the -- since the FTE, since actually the beginning of this downward economic cycle which is 2008, they've all modulated in a range and they pretty much stayed in that range. The discount business has modulated in a range in the mid to high '20s. Marlboro has modulated in a range as I described and you'll see that in some other brands, particularly premium brands. In the discount segment, you've seen some consolidation within the segment though, and that was primarily driven by Pall Mall. You see a few other brands that share shifts around 2 within the discount segment. But all of that has actually behaved in a pretty stable way.  Now I think what you're referring to are things like roll-your-own small cigars at one time played a role in terms of some interaction with the cigarette business down at the bottom. You see some of that going on. That's actually not a new thing. It ebbs and flows, sometimes the particular product that becomes a focal point is new. But for the shopper that's looking for the very cheapest thing that they can find in the smokable segment, there's always something that is moving around in that regard. And it does have some nominal impact, but I wouldn't say that recently there's been any significant impact on the overall category related to that kind of activity. We don't play there, so we really don't participate at the lowest price arena in the categories. So this does not have much of an impact on our business, but it can have some impact on I think overall discount segment at the very bottom of the segment, where you have shoppers that are looking for the very lowest-priced products that they can find.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, first of all, I don't see the quarter as a trend. It's simply an outcome from the factors that took place in the quarter. And again, I'd point out that there is a certain portion of the brand. In Marlboro's case, it's about 10% of the brand that is what we call alternate purchasers there. 90% of that franchise is made up of consumers that say that they buy the brand 100% of the time, and that has remained pretty constant. So among these alternate purchase group, you do see activity with these people that's stimulated by promotion. And in a bad economic environment, you'd see more switching among that group because they're shopping for deals among a group of brands that they qualify as acceptable to them. So when we look at it, it's really a matter of how much money do you want to spend at any point in time relative to that group because you know in some ways you're renting share.  And so, we look at that regularly and we make decisions about what we think is appropriate in balancing our objective to maximize profit while we maintain some modest momentum on the brand. But we just don't look at share as the way we understand the health of the brand. We look at other underlying factors that actually are more important to understanding the health of the brand. And those factors remain very strong for Marlboro.  So we monitor all of that on a regular basis. But like I say, these kinds of deviations we've seen over the past few years as we've been in a tough economy, it's not in fact the best economic environment to really try and grow share because of the difficult circumstances. Some consumers are in. So you want to make sure that you're maintaining your equity strength, doing sensible things to build that equity and at the same time, being involved in the promotion activity that is always going to be in any category to a reasonable level, but understanding that at the end of day, the objective with the franchise is to try to make money with it. So I would say we're pretty comfortable with where we are, and we're simply managing this franchise the way we think is best for its long-term benefit to the company.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I don't think we've given out the specifics, but Marlboro Menthol has been a growth franchise for us. And so over the long term, I think it's performed just well. We haven't given out the specific shares for the quarter.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, it was up a bit more as we went through the first half and then this is a quarter of tough comparisons. The comparisons are a bit different as we get into the fourth quarter. But I would say certainly, you have a difficult economic environment and so you're managing all the factors related to the brand, including the competitive marketplace as well in this kind of environment. So it does put some downward pressure on the category overall. I'd hasten to point out, though, your 2.2% that you referred to includes a $36 million charge for Scott, which is a onetime charge. So it actually is, on an ongoing basis, a bit better than that.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, you can estimate these things a bit, although I again would hasten to point out that when we use these kind of statistical share panels, and ours is proprietary but it's constructed in a way that's similar to the syndicated panels that you'll see more publicly available, that these panels are representations and so the absolute shares aren't necessarily precise. It's the trends that you're trying to derive as you look at these panels is why I always kind of encourage people not to get too caught up with quarters. You really have to look at the stuff over a longer period of time to make really good use out of it. But relative to what you're referring to, there was some significant competitive volume that was being shipped through channels that are not measured by these types of panels. And with the change of the enforcement in New York, that volume which was not tax paid, volume moved. Best that we can tell it moved down to some lower tax jurisdiction states, and is being picked up now on these panels. The best we can approximate, David, is it had a negative -- about a negative 2/10 of a share point effect on Marlboro. That doesn't mean that, that's a volume change. It just simply means that volume that was out there, not these panels, moved into the panels. And so from our perspective, it doesn't really have any bearing on the way we look at the business, but it does have a nominal effect on the numbers but not the trends.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Yes. Look, this is the year where we really have worked, kind of reconfigured the Skoal franchise to get it properly positioned. To get the SKUs rationalized and to get the product offering right, so that it's relevant to the market as it exists today. And we're still in the midst of that, although I think that what we've seen is the brand stabilized over the last 4 quarters. It was declining. We're still working against a base where there are a number of SKUs. They're in the base that we have since discontinued. And we've launched some new SKUs that we think better position the brand, and they're building and offsetting some of that loss. So we have to lap all of that before we really understand where we are with the Skoal brand. But actually we're pretty pleased it stabilized and it looks like what we've put into place is beginning to perform properly. And hopefully, what we'll see once we kind of get past this period of our reconstructing the brand, we'll see some steady growth. I think it's important to point out though that Skoal doesn't operate a vacuum, it exists in the category with other brands. One of which is Copenhagen, and Copenhagen is showing really strong growth. And so, Skoal has to compete with that and we're not quite as far along with Skoal as we are with Copenhagen. So I think that does have a bearing on the numbers as well. But combined, Skoal and Copenhagen are doing quite nicely.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, I'll take your second question first. Since the April 2009 FET, you've seen some pretty substantial declines in overall industry cigarette volume. Albeit they've been consistent with historical price elasticity, nonetheless, there's pretty significant tax increase and so we had a significant impact on volume. And as we've said all along, one of the things that you're going to have to do in this business is as volume declines and that business you have to takeout cigarette-related infrastructure cost, in order to manage the business properly, you can't carry infrastructure for a business that was originally designed for a bigger business. You have to continue to shrink it as the overall business shrinks. And so that's all that's going on. In the current year, we've seen a little bit of moderation of the decline rate. Looks like it's running about 3.5% these days. Nonetheless, it's still a significant decline rate for the cigarette category.  As to the specifics of what we're going to be doing relative to our employees, the way the rules work, we have to disclose this first publicly before we can really address it with our employee base. So I'm going to suggest that you call media affairs later on today if you want more detailed information about what specifically we're doing because I'm going to address this with my employees before I address it with you.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, as I've described before, these trade programs aren't new, so the MLP program is not like it's a new piece of spending that's out in the marketplace relative to the trade. It's just a redesign of that. The program remains pretty stable in the marketplace and has a relatively strong participation rate. Pretty much in line with what we've seen in the past. In general, retailers that are participating in these kinds of programs generally have stronger market shares than retailers that aren't participating on it. So that's not just the case for MLP, it's the case in general as we've seen these programs work in history. It's pretty hard to kind of segment out individual pieces of the marketing puzzle on a brand and ascribe particular share results to them. I don't know how to do that. I would just say that the program seems to be effective, seems to be of interest to a good percentage of retailers and they are participating in it.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, again, as we stated in the release, this is cigarette and cigarette-related infrastructure. So it's focused on Philip Morris U.S.A. and it's focused on our service companies to the degree that they are servicing Philip Morris U.S.A. And it's salaried-related, so it is not focused on our hourly headcount in our factories or our hourly operation. Actually, the cost structure on that side has actually kept pretty much in line with cigarette volume decline. So that's where it's centered. We put out the total by the end of 2013 and as has generally been our practice as we accrue savings. We generally let people know that when we do quarters, but we don't do it in advance.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Okay. Look, we put L&M out in the marketplace in a program several years ago to begin to offset some decline in the Basic brand. So Basic was always kind of a regionalized brand in terms of where it had its strength. And so in some other geographies where we didn't have much of a business in Basic, we put a different positioning in which was L&M. And so we've seen kind of slow steady growth on L&M over the past several years. We saw a bit of growth on it here in the quarter, but it remains a relatively small brand. We don't have a -- any change of strategy relative to discount. But we do have a certain amount of discount share that was predominantly positioned in Basic. And so we're -- as we see the Basic brand kind of decline, we're trying to go ahead and pick that share up with L&M.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Sure. Well, as you know, we've issued some debt earlier this year. I'm not going to comment on our future issuance plans. But we feel that we have multiple sources of cash to fund the $1 billion share repurchase program through the end of next year.
Michael E. Szymanczyk: Well, much of the deviation that you see quarter-over-quarter is really related to promotion activity. And so, we can have variability depending on what we promoted a year ago and what we promoted this year. So and that's -- some of that like as I've mentioned, Special Blend was launched a year ago so it had a higher level of promotion activity. So you can see some deviation related to that because it's a year of following the launch here.
