William F. Gifford: No. I think the only thing I would add is, Chris, from a timing quarter to quarter in a short period, you'll have timing fluctuations. You'll recall as part of our productivity initiative, one of the areas we said we would reinvest in was brand building. And so this is reminiscent of that.
William F. Gifford: Sure. Judy, basically the way we approach estimating that industry decline is we take total shipments that are reported and then we look at inventory movements and we adjust for those inventory movements so that we get towards a more true consumption offtake, to your point. And then the only other difference in this period is a calendar day difference. And so those are the major factors that we would adjust for to get to a more consumption offtake.
William F. Gifford: Sure. Really kind of reference, I'll give you an example. So if this transaction were to close in the fourth quarter, SAB would be recorded as we currently record it. All those results from NewCo would be picked up and recorded in the first quarter of 2017. So that's how that one quarter lag affects from a go-forward basis.
William F. Gifford: That is correct. It continues until NewCo comes into existence and then those results are on a quarter lag.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, you're right, Michael. From a standpoint the net finance receivable is down to $1.2 billion and we have been unwinding that business for quite some time now. We look at those leases and when it makes sense to sell those, we do. As you recall at CAGNY, we talked about a three year to four-year wind-down period that we would have before we're completely out of that.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, leverage leases is kind of complex, but in the life of a leverage lease for both the counter-party and us, there's a, if you will, a nice period of time when those sales make sense to both parties, and so that's what really drives the unwinding of that business.
William F. Gifford: Sure. Bonnie, when you think about brand building, it'll fluctuate from time period to time period. But I would not expect material fluctuations as we move forward. You always have fluctuations in a shorter time period compared to others. From a standpoint of on a go-forward basis, you'll recall the strategy here is to maximize income and keep Marlboro healthy – the share momentum there. And so that's what we invest towards, that's what the top line strategy is for that segment and that's the way we think about that segment of the business.
William F. Gifford: Hey, Bonnie. Thanks for the question. Yeah. We have not made decisions around the $3 billion. But I can walk you – let's step back from that. So absent the $3 billion – here's the way we think about allocating our capital, the excess cash. So we think about, of course, dividends first and that's that 80% dividend target payout ratio. Then when we have the excess cash, you've seen us do a multitude of things with that. Certainly, we do share repurchases. You've seen us do debt tenders and you've seen us do debt tender refis. So this being excess cash, we would assess it based on market conditions at the time and make the appropriate decisions.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure, Chris. Listen, we don't see anything in the quarter that causes us to call it out for you. I do think it's consistent with what we've said and you and others I think have said over time that you would expect for the long-term trends to revert back to their trend line. If you look at 2015, we ended the year up a half (0.5%). The quarter before was down a half (0.5%), and now for the year so far, the first half we're down about 1.5%. So 1.5% obviously is lower than the long-term trend line, but it's higher than it was in 2015 when we had these interruptions because of the gas prices and all. So I think it's consistent with how we see it, Chris, which is it's just slowly reverting back to the long-term trend line.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. Thanks for the question. For a thorough summary, I think of our views, I might refer you and others to the comments that we filed – I'm sure you've seen them – in which we picked up this very point. We do think that innovation in the category is important. We're working very hard on our innovation system and on innovated products for the adult tobacco consumer. And we believe that it would be good public policy for the FDA to encourage that. Our comments have pointed out to the FDA that some of what's in the deeming regulations does not seem to be particularly friendly to that concept. And so we continue – I think we mentioned in our remarks this morning, we're both complying with the regs and we're trying to influence and advocate where we think the regs could be improved. And I think in the area of innovation, I think you've picked up on an area where they could be improved. I think it's too soon to tell what the effect will be on volumes. I hope that's helpful to you.
Martin J. Barrington: Let me make a comment, and then I'll ask Billy maybe to talk about how we do the estimate so as to try to help you. Remember, it's a tough comp because the industry was stable for the second quarter of last year. So in terms of the underlying, I think that's the way to understand it. And I'm sure you heard the conversation we just had with Chris about the reversion to the trend over time. I know, Billy, we can't comment on how other people estimate, but maybe you could help Judy with how we estimate it.
Martin J. Barrington: Yep. Good question and I'm pleased to tell you the matter has resolved. So we had objected to that, as you know, in our comments and FDA put it in the deeming regulations. We filed suit and FDA has informed us that they do not at this time intend to enforce that against Black & Mild. And in consideration for that, we have withdrawn our lawsuit. The parties have reserved their rights, but we will continue to use Black & Mild unless something changes.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, we'll have to see going forward. I mean, I think menthol stands on its own merits and I won't repeat what we both know, Matt, on that. You know the science on that and we've put in our papers on that. So I'm not sure it has a big effect on menthol. I do think that there have been instances in which some in tobacco control have argued to take flavors away from adult tobacco consumers in the name of trying to prevent youth consumption. Our view on that is that there is so much that can be done to prevent youth consumption, most of which we have worked on and the numbers are trending in the right direction that we want to defend the flavors for our adult tobacco consumers who have enjoyed them and the cigar category is a perfect example where flavors have been in that category for, gosh, decades and decades. So we'll have to see how the FDA approaches that, but we think that they're actually very separate issues about youth consumption and flavors.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, we have a little bit of information in that in the housekeeping, but you're right, we've had three increases so far in 2016 – Louisiana, West Virginia, and most recently, Pennsylvania. We also had the phase-in effect of a few that were passed previously that came into effect, Connecticut, Minnesota and Oregon, if I recall correctly. The weighted average I think is $1.56 as we stand, but we will have Pennsylvania coming online obviously after August 1. So it has heated up a little bit. It's a good question. We continue to resist these. We think they're unfair to adult tobacco consumers, but state budgets being what they are, we just have to go through this every year. The one that I would recommend that you be watchful, of course, is California where the ballot has qualified. So that's proposed $2 which will be on the ballot in California in November.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, we're trying to step into it with discipline. We're trying to go where the business is. The stores that we've chosen have good e-vapor business. We've had a very good marketplace response. We've had very good consumer response. So you know our strategy there which is we have aspirations to be the long-term leader, but we want to proceed with financial discipline, always learning from the consumer. And I'm very pleased with the progress that MarkTen XL is making in that regard. So I would expect more of the same kind of an approach.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, we have a process to do that, of course. Actually, I have two processes. We have a strategy process and it's tightly linked to our budget process. So our operating companies come in with their plans. We've talked about this previously. We have one-year plans and three-year plans and longer-term plans, and they make the case for investment, and then Altria Group decides on how to allocate resources about where the best opportunities lie for our shareholders. And the good news is all of our operating companies have lots of good ideas, so it's always a good discussion about where best to go. But that's the process we use, Michael. We look at it, and then when we put our strategy and our budget together for both one-year, three-year and longer plans, we try to put the resources where we think the greatest opportunities lie, including in margin enhancement.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, I think we talked about this when we announced the productivity initiative, which is that we do want to make some continuing investments of area of long term value to the shareholder, and clearly an investment in innovative tobacco products, particularly those with the potential to reduce harm, are high on our list for investment. So we haven't given much detail below that. Not to preempt your next question, Michael, but those are the areas. And I think when you think about vapor and iQOS and other innovative products for consumers, that's a good place to invest for the long-term proposition of both the company and for our consumers.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, I think we talked about this last time, right? Which is that I didn't want to comment in too many particulars about an application that involves obviously PMI, because it's their product that they're trying to get qualified. But we did talk about the process. And the process is, there is typically a high degree of engagement between the manufacturer that's trying to bring that product to market and the FDA staff. I think we talked previously about, for example, you don't want to design and execute clinical trials which are lengthy and expensive without knowing that the FDA I think is thinking that you're asking the right questions. So I would also point to comments that Director Zeller has made publicly about understanding that there is a continuum of harm among tobacco products and that the agency has to be thoughtful about how they encourage manufacturers and consumers to migrate to these kinds of products. So, these things aren't done until they're done. But I continue to be optimistic that this is the way forward, by bringing innovation to consumers which may reduce harm. It's a good idea for everyone.
Martin J. Barrington: There is a desire, I know, to get under that. We just don't break them out. I mean, we have the tables in the earnings release which shows as much as I think we're willing to disclose. Look, the way to think about this, Bonnie, I think is that overall, Marlboro continues to perform terrifically. You know, because most of our shipments in the Cigarette segment are Marlboro. And actually, you would expect for the volume to track. But we don't report at that level. But Marlboro's doing great. It continues to have, as we mentioned, record share if you measure it against the half. Its equity is doing great. The Marlboro architecture continues to perform well. You and I have spoken previously about the exciting digital marketing for adult...
Martin J. Barrington: ...tobacco consumers, and we've improved the app further and we've got exciting promotions on there. So I think the way to think about Marlboro is it's doing exactly what we want it to do and it's doing it well.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, well, we're working it at two levels. One is directly with the consumer, obviously, because adult consumers, once they're age-verified, can get the apps and participate that way. But another big area for us – and we're very grateful for the partnership with our trade partners. Our trade partners are increasingly excited about the ability to use their loyalty programs with our digital marketing and our apps and the like. And so many of our trade partners are working with us on that. So we're getting very good distribution on that. I'd like to say that I think that we're ahead on this and I think that our trade thinks we're ahead on this. And our consumer reception has been nothing short of terrific. So it's very efficient and it's very responsible and we're reaching the people we want to reach in a responsible kind of a way. And I think it's the way forward.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, Steve, I appreciate the question and I know there's a lot of interest in this. But I think it's probably best this morning that we kind of limit our remarks to what's in the earnings release and in our prepared remarks. We tried to give you as much color as we thought was appropriate under the circumstances. But some of those questions I think are really best directed at the two principal parties to the transaction and I want to respect that. So I'm going to be careful about this, as you can appreciate.
Martin J. Barrington: No. I don't think so. Listen, we don't want to sound, for a moment, arrogant about it, but the business is really performing well. I think the strategies are the right ones. And I have to commend the people at our operating companies and our service companies. They are executing with high fidelity to the strategies, with high focus and high alignment. And I think that's why the results are what they are. So look, there's always risks to the business. You know what they are. I mean, you've got regulation and taxes and the like. But I wouldn't call out anything of the sort that you're asking about, Steve.
Martin J. Barrington: All right. Thanks for the questions. I'll give you an example on your first question, which is predicate date. We had argued to the FDA and advocated to the FDA, as did many others, that it made little sense to go back and use a cigarette predicate date of 2007 for products that basically came into the marketplace after 2007. So...
Martin J. Barrington: ...there continues to be a lot of dialogue about that. It's not limited to the FDA. You know that there are legislative proposals pending. And so I think a lot of people think that it would be wise to revisit that question. We certainly do. And you may have heard the conversation we had earlier about encouraging innovation. Using that predicate date, to us, does not seem to do that. So that's one area. With respect to PMTAs, I'm not familiar with the conversation you referenced with someone else, but I can tell you that it would seem to make sense that for pre-market approvals, you certainly if you were the regulator, ought to be taking into account the degree of harm of the products. And so cigarettes, as we all know, bear a high degree of risk and while the evidence is not completely in, it appears to be that, because they don't burn, e-vapor probably has a lower risk. That, of course, ought to be taken into account in approving whether they should come to market. So that would seem to be a sensible approach. I think that's a development that would be good for consumers and for manufacturers and for public health.
Martin J. Barrington: I hope so. Listen, FDA has a job to do. We have found them to be open to listening to reasonable arguments. But at the end of the day, Adam, it's up to them. But we have not found them to be immune from listening to points of view and hopefully coming to some reasoned judgment on it. Particularly if other stakeholders besides us weigh in on it, as I understand is the case.
Bonnie L. Herzog: Okay. That's helpful. And then I had a question on Marlboro. I was hoping to get a sense of what Marlboro volume was during the quarter, if you can adjust for the inventory fluctuations. And then could you drill down a little bit further on some of the different styles such as special blends and their performance? That would be really helpful.
Bonnie L. Herzog: Yeah, speaking of that, I was going ask you a little bit more on that because I do keep hearing positive feedback on your Marlboro app. So give us a sense for the rollout and where – or how many stores that app is being used in and where that can be by, say, the end of this year.
Bonnie L. Herzog: Okay. One final question, which I know you're probably not going to want to answer this but I'm going to bring it up.
Bonnie L. Herzog: The pre-tax cash proceeds from of the sale of SAB. Certainly $3 billion is a lot of money. I'd love to hear a sense from you of where these proceeds will be used. But if you can't say that, maybe just update us on your priorities for free cash co [consideration].
