Marty Barrington: Yes, that's great question. Let me give you are view of the adult tobacco consumer for 2015, which I really think goes to the heart of what you're asking about. We've been cautious for the last several years, as you know, as we went through this difficult recession. We are actually seeing a modest improvement, I think, in the economic situation for the adult tobacco consumer, although it remains a bit of a mixed bag. The US economy is clearly improving, as everyone knows, and particularly in relation to the rest of the world economies, we see unemployment and underemployment have come down, we see housing starts are coming back, we see very good consumer confidence numbers. So I think all of that is a positive -- those are positive factors. On the other side of the ledger, you have labor participation rates maybe not where they should be. And then year-over-year wage gains are still modest. But I think on balance, our view is that the adult tobacco consumer is feeling better about their economic situation and their economic future and we expect some modest improvement in that over 2015.
Marty Barrington: No, we don't do that, as you know. But I think especially if you look out over the last three to four years, which includes, of course, this very difficult recessionary period, you see it, Matt, really 3% to 4% and you call it maybe 3.5% on average over the last four years. PM USA has done better than that at about 3%, because of its strong portfolio and its share gains. So we don't see any big disruptors in that, but we don't forecast volume going forward.
Marty Barrington: I think we will have to see. Obviously let's will start with smokable. It really had a strong -- Howard has already described the strong quarter and the strong year and we are very happy with the smokable performance. And actually, you see USSTC had a very good year; it grew its income at about 3%. But we've observed this volume deceleration now over the last three quarters and that's at odds with what we've seen for the prior several years. So Vivien, they have more choices today and so there's some movement there, but these things best are evaluated over time. So I'm not sure I have any big insights to share with you this morning on that, except to say that it speaks first to the wisdom of having a total tobacco platform. So as adult tobacco consumers move within these categories, that Altria is well positioned to offer them premium brands with great margin structures. So that's how we think about the business. And we will have to study the volume, I think, for some time yet to know the answer to the question you're proposing.
Marty Barrington: Well, I'd like to say we try to help you guys as much as we can with your modeling, but I can't -- and I applaud your courage for trying to get me to tell you -- but I really, honestly -- the answer I gave you was the honest answer, which is we're going to have to see. And we've set up our year with our operating plans, I think, which is all embedded in our full-year guidance, which is quite strong at 7% to 9%.
Marty Barrington: Yes. Well, we're always cautious at the beginning of the year, aren't we? And we’ve all seen that the state excise tax environment has been more moderate in the last several years than it has been previous. But we go into each year prepared to answer the call, because as you've observed and others have observed, as soon as the legislatures come back in January, we see the proposals start to roll in and there are a number of them that are out there. We have very good government affairs people that point out that this is unfair to tobacco consumers and these products already highly taxed, but we will have to see how the year plays out. It's been a fairly moderate environment over the last several years and we hope that plays out in 2015.
Marty Barrington: Sure. Let me offer you a slightly different perspective. In previous years, we've come out, I think, for the last several years at 6% to 9%, not at 7% to 9%. And the factors that went into our judgment this year about how the guide includes some of the things we've already spoken about on the call, which is a modestly improving situation for our adult tobacco consumer. Obviously, we have the benefit of some FETRA payments, but we I think pointed out in our release we have some pension and healthcare cost changes due to long-term assumptions. And so every year, you put your guidance together and you have puts and takes about what you're going to do. Some years, we invest, some years, we have factors which are flowing in the other direction. I think 7% to 9% in the current environment is a strong signal about the confidence we have in our business and our operating Company plans. Howard, you might want to supplement that answer.
Marty Barrington: Okay, let me try to comment on a couple of those to try to help you. I think gas prices for us -- historically, we have not called out gas prices as one of the principal drivers of consumer behavior, although we acknowledge that it had some effect. To us, it was really more about the unemployment rate, consumer confidence, and housing starts. Now the way that gasoline prices have gone down so precipitously has obviously had a bigger effect on the consumer, right? The C stores, as you and others have pointed out, are seeing better traffic. And I don't think there's any question that it is contributing to consumers feeling better about their economic situation. But historically, Bonnie, we have not called that out as one of the big three drivers. So I don't know what people here are expecting for gasoline prices, but it probably will not have that much more of an effect. We did have very good pricing. And the way that we achieve pricing, as you know, is we took list pricing in 2014, combined $0.13 a pack. And then as always, we can moderate our promotional allowances and we did so last year. We moderated our allowances on Special Blend -- Marlboro's Special Blend and on Black. And as you know, we are able to do that quite tactically by state by using our SVP tools. So we did see a year in which we think we could take some pricing and I think you see that in the numbers for 2014.
Marty Barrington: Sure. Well, let's start with the category. Our estimate is that the consumer spending in 2014 increased by about 50% to about $2 billion. And that’s compared to a year before, which I think you've seen in the numbers are roughly of a 160% increase. So you can see that it has slowed, although 50% increase is still fairly large. It's growing in both traditional trade channels and it's also growing in vape shops, which are harder to get a line of sight into. To dimensionalize that spend, though, $80 billion is spent on conventional tobacco products versus the $2 billion that we estimate. So just to put it in its proper context.  With respect to Nu Mark, our belief is that that is an interesting enough category for us to participate in and to aspire to have leadership in. That is a leadership that will be achieved over the long term and for the long term, which is why we use these words about financially disciplined and over time. We want to participate there. We believe Nu Mark had a very good year. Gosh, we got the MarkTen product in 130,000 retail stores and that's easy to say and that's hard to do. And so our sales force at Nu Mark did a great job there. They rolled out, as we mentioned in our remarks, the 2.5% product. Consumers continue to look for their product and so I think a lot of what's going to happen with vapor is about manufacturers trying to bring out products that better satisfy their consumers. And that's what Nu Mark is doing. It's for the long term. It will be for the long term. And we are learning our way in with our consumer and using a disciplined approach, but with the acquisition of Green Smoke and their people and their technology in addition to Nu Mark, I am very encouraged about what we have in the pipeline for MarkTen.
Marty Barrington: No, we are working on it. That has to go through the FDA process, as you know, and we are working closely with them on it. And I think we feel like we're making good progress and I think PMI would tell you the same thing, but I can't give you a date, because it's subject to the FDA's processes.
Marty Barrington: And that would be our hope, of course, as we try to maximize income in the smokable segment, which is the price gaps have been higher at times in its history and -- but you have to be thoughtful about how you do that and when. But certainly, that would be in our interest of maximizing income.
Marty Barrington: Yes, I know that everybody is trying to get under the all other, but we've really got two things operating there. We are investing in Nu Mark, which makes sense for the long term. And then Howard has pointed out that as we wind down PMCC, we have fewer asset sales and they tend to be lumpy from time to time. So that's what's going on over there. And we're just not going to guide down too much deeper than that, Chris, if you'll allow me.
Marty Barrington: Well, it's a fair question. And I am going to reserve my answer so that I don't hand out my competitive plans on the phone. But yes, you should be thinking about this, I think, in terms of the category. We expect to have products that will be launched that will be better and better, as I expect that other people are planning similarly. I think that's exactly the nature of the category right now. We've got good plans for that.
Marty Barrington: Well, again, I'm not going to lay that out to tell everybody exactly how we're going to spend our assets to improve our business. But you've seen us over time do such things as develop the Marlboro architecture, to improve our Marlboro digital site, to roll out new products, like Rich Blue and Black, and so forth. So there's lots of places for us to invest in our businesses. Our goal is to keep our brand franchises strong and relevant and there's lots of tools to do that, even, as you point out in a category which has higher regulation. And then we have obviously, as has previously been described, some investments to make in our innovative products. So that's how I would think about it, Michael, at a high level. I'm just not going to lay it out in detail, as I'm sure you can understand.
Marty Barrington: Yes, it's a good question. Our aim is modest share momentum on Marlboro. And we previously characterized, I think, that as if we get a tenth or 2-tenths a year, that's great for Marlboro. Listen, our focus is on premium. Over 90% of our shipments are premium, but there is a discount segment and so we try to participate there. And L&M is a great offering at that price point.
Marty Barrington: Well, we're working on that. I mentioned, I think, to someone else that we've been integrating Green Smoke. They've really helped us quite a lot on the front end with supply chain. They had a well-established supply chain and we've been relying on them quite heavily to help us in that regard. They have very good people and they do have a good technology pipeline. We've been integrating all that in 2014. Remember, we closed on this, I think, in April, if memory serves. And so we've now been integrating that and we have an integrated pipeline of products as well, as we become more efficient with those two organizations. So yes, I would expect to see more from the combined Nu Mark/Green Smoke assets.
Marty Barrington: Yes, let me tackle those in turn. Good questions, both. You're right; Marlboro architecture has been a terrific boost for our business. We've talked previously about having the flavor families and allowing different marketing approaches in the families and what it's done for marlboro.com has been great. I think that's shown up in the performance of Marlboro. With respect to any quantitative brand equity data, we may talk about that some in CAGNY. So if I could just ask you to hold tight on that, I think we'll have some further information for you in that regard. With respect to superpremium, the way -- let me just mention a strategic approach to this, which is we are always looking for places in the market where there is business, where we either are under-indexed but we don't have an offering. And so we look at things all the time. And while I don't have anything to announce about that, I can assure you we look at places to build our business, both there and elsewhere.
Marty Barrington: Well, Marlboro is a fantastic product for adult smokers that comes with decades of leadership, with lots of innovation and with lots of offerings for people who are in the category and it has consistently grown its share over decades. We are the stewards of this brand and we pay a good deal of attention to Marlboro. It speaks both to the product's function and to its equity and that's been Marlboro's story. I’ve commented earlier on the call about -- we see that the economy is strengthening a bit, hopefully for our adult tobacco consumers. We certainly hope that's going to be the case in 2015. End of Q&A
Howard Willard: Sure. Yes, I would tell you that, as you note, the cost per pack in the smokable segment was up quite a bit in the fourth quarter. I have to tell you I think that is primarily driven by timing. If you looked, we had less expense in the third quarter and we don't tend to manage our expenses and our project execution quarter to quarter. We are really managing to a full year. And I think if you look at the trend of expenses in the full year, it was at a much more normal level. But certainly, we felt good about the fourth quarter performance. We had strong increases in net revenue per pack, up around 5%. And of course, we did receive the savings in the FETRA payments in the quarter.
Howard Willard: Yes, no, I think you covered it, Marty. The only other thing I would point out -- and this has been with us for some time and I think has been quite orderly -- but we are continuing to unwind the PMCC business and as that progresses, there are fewer and fewer asset sales that are available. So that's another element that plays into the overall company performance.
Howard Willard: Yes, I think with regard to marketing and R&D, I really don't feel that there's been any dramatic departure this year versus prior years that I would call out, with probably the one exception being that this was the year that we made some significant investments through Nu Mark in the e-vapor category. And obviously, that's had an impact on our R&D investments as we built that product pipeline and certainly, there's some marketing that supports that as well. But that's really the primary impact there.
Howard Willard: I'm not going to guide at that level. I think we previously talked about the fact that we have an existing share repurchase program in place. It's got a little over $500 million left. And we had communicated we expected to finish that by the end of the year, so that hasn't changed. And certainly any share repurchase plans we have are incorporated into the 7% to 9% guidance.
