Howard Willard: Yes. I think you make a good point. When you look at the growth that's occurred in the e-vapor category, it really started to grow strongly at the beginning of 2018. And certainly, you had a much larger base in the second half of 2018 that will compare against in the second half of 2019. So it certainly could result in a slowdown in the percentage growth of the category. And frankly, that's why when we look at our annual estimate for the decline rate of the cigarette category, it's a range, because I think it would take that into account.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think that we originally had a five-year compound annual decline rate of the cigarette category of 4% to 5% and we provided that at the end of last year. And our thinking was that we knew that there was an acceleration in the growth rate of the e-vapor category, but we also knew from experience both overseas and in the U.S. that typically an acceleration of the growth rate of a category driven by newly available or more broadly available products tends to run its course in a year or two, and so we felt fairly good at that point given the activity in the marketplace at 4% to 5%. In the second quarter of this year, a couple of things have happened that caused us to increase the top end of that decline range. First of all, IQOS was approved. And I think that IQOS is going to be on a nice growth trajectory as it expands nationwide over the next couple of years. So that's an additional influence on the cigarette category decline rate. And we also made our investment in on!. We think it's got a very strong portfolio of nicotine-containing pouches and of course you will have access to our infrastructure. And then on top of that, we've also had increased momentum behind increasing the minimum age to purchase to 21. We've now got 50% of U.S. population in jurisdictions where the minimum age to purchase to 21. So we thought given that range of changes that it made sense to broaden the decline range for the cigarette category over the next five years.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think if you looked at our assumptions, I think we expected that Juul would have a quite strong revenue growth following our investment. And I think we also had a belief that there was quite an attractive opportunity at the gross margin line as well. I have to say in the first half of this year Juul has performed quite strongly against both of those assumptions and we feel very good about their performance there. With regard to developing operating companies income both domestically and overseas, I think it's -- we're not yet at a stage where we've got the information necessary to judge that. There's still a bit investment spending mode both domestically and overseas. And I think it's simply too soon to make a judgment on the progress they're making overseas that's more of early days there. With regard to your question about the change in the filing date for their PMTA, there is no question that the due date for filing a PMTA and all the e-vapor products being moved to May of next year represents a significant challenge for all the companies that are impacted by it. And certainly, Juul is very focused on continuing to work on that, continuing to ramp up their resource investment and we're providing them with consulting resources in the regulatory space as well. But that certainly raised the pressure on I think all the companies in the e-vapor space. With that said, I think the way that Juul's performance has evolved here over the last several months they should have a very strong case to make in their PMTA. If you look at their response to the increase in youth usage, Juul took very aggressive action in the third quarter of last year by removing their nontraditional flavored products from retail. They are really the only major player to have done that and I think that was a big step forward in demonstrating their responsibility and their concern for the issue. In addition they have also been very supportive of raising the minimum age to purchase to 21. And a lot of those laws kicked in July 1st and so we're going to start to see the impact of that going forward. And so I think that when you compare them to other players in the e-vapor category, they've been more aggressive in addressing the youth issue. Secondly, I think they are also the primary driver of increased switching of adult cigarette smokers to the e-vapor category. And of course that's something that the FDA is going to consider in looking into PMTA as whether or not the company who's filing for the PMTA is having a significant impact on moving people down the continuum of harm. So, I think they have a very good science and evidence to support their application, but there is no doubt that the shortened timeline represents an increased challenge for everybody.
Howard Willard: Well, I think given that the range is 5% to 6% and for the first half we are at a 5.5% decline rate, it actually covers quite a broad range of scenarios in the back half of the year. It would still be supportive even if the volume in the back half of the year for the cigarette category declined at a lower rate. And certainly that could happen it was raised earlier on the call that there is certainly a tougher comp for the e-vapor category in the back half of last year. So, it certainly allows for a slowdown in the decline rate of the cigarette category. And it also allows for a continuation of the strong growth in e-vapor. I have to say that I don't believe we're going to have a significant impact in the second half of this year from iQOS because it's going to be in a limited geography that's probably more of a future year impact. But the benefit of having a 5% to 6% range covers quite a broad set of scenarios for the second half of the year.
Howard Willard: Yes, I think that's largely fair. And I think that given the much larger second half last year number of e-vapors and the larger volume of e-vapor in the back half of last year, I think we thought that was prudent.
Howard Willard: Yes. I mean I think the change in growth trajectory of the smokeless tobacco category has largely occurred over the last four or five years. We'll remember back four or five years ago the smokeless tobacco category was growing 4% to 5% a year. And I think the reason for that was that it was the primary recipient of adult cigarette smokers that were looking for an alternative and they were moving to moist smokeless tobacco. I think with the increased availability and attractiveness of e-vapor products and certainly also now most recently these nicotine-containing pouches I think that folks that used to go to the moist smokeless tobacco category and drive nice growth there are primarily going to the e-vapor category and I think in the future will have an additional option in nicotine-containing pouches. And so I think that we expect that the category is going to remain kind of at a small decline rate going forward although we haven't made a precise projection. I would point out that even given the slowdown in the growth rate of the category, it's still generating quite nice profit growth.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think as we look at the opportunity to deliver against our long-term aspiration of 7% to 9% EPS growth, we continue to feel good about the tools we have at our disposal to deliver that over the long-term. And I think it starts off with we think quite a healthy and resilient combustible business. I think you saw in the first half of this year how the profit growth was quite strong in that business despite the fact that there was a stepped-up decline in the overall industry volume. And of course the two contributors of that -- to that nice profit growth were price increases coming from both list price and improved promotional efficiency and cost reduction in the category. And I think we have long believed that that business is quite resilient and can deliver nice profit growth even in an environment where the industry volume declines step up a bit. Now of course in addition to the profit growth opportunity we have with our core businesses, we also expect once we get HSR approval to have equity income from Juul. And given Juul's strong revenue and volume growth this year, we would expect that going forward in addition to having now the profit growth from our core tobacco businesses, we'd get an equity income contribution from Juul. And we think that the sum of the growth from our combustible tobacco business plus the 35% contribution to our equity income from Juul, we think that that sets us up very well to deliver in the future. And then of course, as their international business develops, that is a further incremental opportunity for profit growth as a 35% economic interest brings that to our equity income line as well. So I don't know that we feel that our model has really changed on how we would deliver, although, I have to acknowledge we've widened the range a bit, but we still feel very comfortable about our long-term 7% to 9% EPS aspiration.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think there's been quite a bit of change in the marketplace in the e-vapor space in the U.S. for the first half of the year. So Juul withdrew their flavors. There was a slowdown in their volume growth in the first quarter, although, they went back to strong volume growth in the second quarter. So I think that's the first thing I would say is that despite their withdrawal of non-traditional flavors from retail, they still seem to have a healthy growth profile, which I think it's a positive. And that's occurring despite the fact that the other major pod-based manufacturers have not decided to withdraw their flavors from retail. As a matter of fact, they've increased availability and they've been growing the flavored volume that they have at retail. So certainly that has an impact on Juul, but they still had a nice healthy growth rate in the first half of the year despite that. And I would expect that Juul will have a benefit when the FDA finalizes their ENDS guidance and those other players have to join Juul in restricting the availability of flavors at retail. So I think that's another a positive that’s likely to come in the second half of the year. So I think overall in the U.S. market, I think it's been a strong performance for vapor overall and certainly for Juul. I think overseas, it's still early days. And I think, it's probably going to take another year to really get the same kind of positive assessment that we're able to get for the U.S. market today, but certainly, their expansion is going well and I think with the passage of time, we'll see how they do overseas.
Howard Willard: I would put down Michael though that we have agreed in advance of closing that AGDC is going to provide distribution services to expand the product availability at retail that started this month. So we are getting the benefit of starting to expand its availability in the marketplace in advance of closing, which I think is a real plus.
Howard Willard: Yeah. I wouldn't think the service revenues is being at all material, it's really -- the real benefit is that the business is going to get a chance to ramp up, so that it is much better positioned to compete with other players post closing.
Howard Willard: No, I think we have quite a bit of influence on their strategy going forward. We have the majority of the seats on the Board and we work very closely through our Board representatives at helping Cronos think through their plans going forward. And I think we invested in them, because we thought they had an excellent management team and a good strategy to begin with. And I have to say we work very well together and I think we're making real progress. Although, we acknowledge in the cannabis space overall it's early days.
Howard Willard: Yeah. I think I would say that that provides an opportunity for kind of a midrange performance on IQOS. I can tell you if we had a Japan like performance we would be delighted. And at some point we might be considering whether or not to step up the decline rate again. We feel like there's a fair amount of opportunity for IQOS to grow even within that 4% to 6% decline range, because our assumption is that given the rapid growth rate we've seen in e-vapor in 2018 and in the first half of 2019, we think that the e-vapor products are broadly available throughout retail and have been for over a year. And at some point, we think that you're going to reach a saturation point on e-vapor. And you might even see an impact from the shakeout of many of the e-vapor products coming out of the market next year. So, I wouldn't necessarily draw a straight line for growth on the e-vapor category, and I think that leaves plenty of opportunity for a strong growth on iQOS. And I think oral nicotine pouches their overall impact is likely to be smaller than either e-vapor or heat-not-burn. But we do believe that these clean white oral nicotine pouches are likely to appeal first and foremost to MST users, but I think are also a good alternative for adult cigarette smokers. And they are much more approachable than traditional moist smokeless tobacco pouches or even snus pouches.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think, the confidence we have that we can continue to generate nice profit growth out of our combustible segment is driven by the experience we've had in driving profit growth in that business through both pricing and cost management. And certainly, when we've seen in prior periods a step-up in the decline rate of the volume, typically we've had the opportunity to continue to drive similar profit growth by utilizing those tools slightly differently going forward. But, certainly in the event that we see a modest slowdown in our ability to grow profit in the combustible segment because of a higher rate of volume decline, we would have a further offset to that to further accelerate profit growth of our EPS coming from the equity income contribution from Juul. And we feel strongly that the sum of our combustible profit growth add it to the equity income we get from Juul that, that ought to compare favorably to our ability to grow profit in the past. With regard to your question about how comfortable are we with 4% to 6% as a five-year compound annual growth rate of cigarette volume declines, we feel like that's a wide range that covers a whole variety of scenarios, and at this point we feel quite comfortable giving conditions in the marketplace. But I would point out that one of the reasons that we've worked so hard to build the leading portfolio of non-combustible tobacco products is that our belief is that it's hard to predict with precision, the pace at which adult cigarette smokers may switch to non-combustible tobacco products in the future. And so, what we've done is we've essentially built the product portfolio of non-combustible tobacco products such that if the movement of adult cigarette smokers out of cigarettes into these other product categories accelerates, we have the opportunity to benefit from that movement with profitable products that lead their categories. And essentially, if there's a step-down in our ability to grow profitability in the combustible business, we would expect to make it up either in -- with iQOS and heat-not-burn with on, and oral nicotine pouches or through our equity income from Juul. So, we think we've hedged that opportunity. Although, I have no reason to believe that that 4% to 6% range is inadequate based on the current market conditions and our understanding of what the future is going to bring.
Howard Willard: Sure. You're right, we do expect probably in the third quarter to get another update on youth usage of e-vapor products. I think it's hard to determine what exactly those figures will show, but it would not surprise me, if you saw youth use of e-vapor products continue at the prior year level or even take a step-up, because there's been a number of actions taken to drive down youth use of e-vapor products. But I don't know that we've had the time that is passed to get the impact of that. Even the FDA's ENDS guidance on restricting flavors to -- at retail, hasn't been finalized yet. And while there's been a benefit from Juul withdrawing their flavors, the other manufacturers have expanded the availability of flavors. So, I think you're going to have to wait until FDA finalizes that guidance and enforces against the other players to get the impact. There's been good progress on raising the minimum age to purchase to 21, but I would say the bulk of that impact is at July 1 and moving forward kind of impact, so that's going to take a while. So, I think the expectation is that a lot of the actions that -- and frankly the FDA has expanded their advertising campaign to discourage youth from using e-vapor products. So there's a lot going on. I just think that the expectation would be that it's going to have a significant impact going forward. I just don't know that I would expect that it's been a long enough period of time for those actions to see it in the September numbers. With regard to FDA issuing further guidance on their nicotine regulation, they had indicated that they may publish something later this year. Given the past track record, I think that means that it may or may not come out. But I think we've communicated before, we think that ultimately any implementation of a nicotine ceiling on cigarette products we think is a very long-term action and it would take quite some time for FDA to finalize that regulation and implement it. And of course, we don't think that what they have proposed in the past is feasible today and we don't think it's supported by the science. So we may expect to see some short-term progress there, but we think it's a long-term impact.
Howard Willard: Yes. I think it's informative to look at where the inventories ended the second quarter. Compare that to historical levels and they're essentially in line with historical levels of inventory.
Howard Willard: You're right. I think Juul has had an impressive first half and they've had some challenges that they've taken on that the other participants haven't. And frankly, I think it's further evidence of the fact that amongst adult tobacco consumers, I think Juul has real brand equity and I think it has a superior product. And I think that as more and more adult tobacco consumers are exposed to the product I think increasingly folks are adding Juul to their tobacco product use. And as you saw from the numbers that they're setting down their cigarettes and moving over exclusively to e-vapor, I think in increasing numbers as well. So I've been very pleased by it. Certainly there's a high level of competitive activity in the marketplace, but I think that Juul has performed quite admirably in the first half of this year despite all that activity.
Howard Willard: Yes. I really don't and I don't know that I'm in a position to be able to forecast what the youth numbers are going to show in the third quarter, when they come out. I just know from experience back in the late '90s, when you had a step-up in youth use of cigarettes, a similar very comprehensive effort was put in place to drive down youth usage of cigarettes. It was ultimately quite successful. But the impact of all that activity, it didn't happen in a quarter or two, it happened over the following one to three or four years. And so I think I just steeled myself to the fact that despite all the progress that's been made including raising the minimum age to purchase to 21 and jurisdictions with over half the population in progress at the federal level, I sort of just looked at the past. And I've steeled myself to the fact that even if we're winning that battle it may take a bit of time for the results to materialize.
Howard Willard: Yes. Certainly really all the e-vapor companies that are now going to be filing in May of next year they're going to have less time will have passed to allow youth e-vapor rates to decline. So I think that's a risk really across the category for people to file. But I would point out that FDA, I think, has indicated that they appreciate the impact that the e-vapor category is having on converting adult cigarette smokers down the continuum of harm. Clearly that switching, and particularly the switching to e-vapor use without continuing to use cigarettes is accelerating. So I think ultimately FDA is going to have to balance that favorable adult movement down the continuum of harm which is quite strong and quite favorable against the fact that youth e-vapor rates have not yet stepped down. But I think FDA certainly has access to a lot of expertise and I think they can certainly assess whether or not the step-down is coming and consider that as they review those PMTAs.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think you are right that the, the strength of the premium category in the U.S. has been persistently strong really since 2011, when we launched the new Marlboro architecture. And as a matter of fact since 2011, the overall discount category is down, more than a share point. So, the U.S. market has been quite strong in that regard. In the premium category, it's much larger in the U.S. market than it is in many markets overseas. So I wouldn't say that this phenomenon that is occurring today is unusual, compared to the last six or seven years, I think it's actually more the pattern. The price gap over the last year or two has gone from 29% to 31%. So it's had a small increase. But I would say that's not a material increase. And I think that, I think that the strong equity of the premium brands in the category, I think has an impact on consumers deciding. They'd rather pay a bit more to get their brand of choice rather than move down into discount. So I think it's a sign of a very healthy premium category. Now with regard to whether or not there's movement within the Marlboro portfolio. Certainly, in the period during the great recession and shortly thereafter, there was an increased movement between both premium price part of the Marlboro portfolio and the special blend. But given the strength of the economy today, there's really not an appreciable movement into that part of the portfolio. And of course the pricing that we share each year, takes into account the change in the weighted average price across the Marlboro portfolio. So that's factored into the numbers.
Howard Willard: Sure. In the first half of 2019, the category growth was 40% for the overall e-vapor category. And it was 195% for Juul. And that's on Slide 18. And of course, we also referenced Juul's share growth on the second quarter compared to the first quarter and the full year 2018. Their share growth was 48% in Q2, up from 44% in Q1, and up from 33% in full year 2018.
Howard Willard: Yeah. I don't know that I have more to say on that topic. I think the youth usage of e-vapor products is a challenge that every filer is going to have to deal with. And I think ultimately FDA is going to have to take all of that onboard. I think we have the benefit though, that the FDA can approve a product through the PMTA process. And then, require the filer to do post-market surveillance. And if they find that, the favorable outcomes they expected to come from that product, don't materialize in the years that follow. They can withdraw their approval. So I think that, in a situation like we're faced here with e-vapor, where there's very strong conversion of adult cigarette smokers. But we don't yet know whether or not youth rates are going to go down quite rapidly and what the timing will be. That might very well be a situation where post-market surveillance was frankly designed for that situation. And FDA can approve certain products, require post-market surveillance to essentially change their view based on what happens in the years that follow.
Howard Willard: Yeah. I would say that, in the first half of the year Juul is generally performing in line with our expectations. I know we had a range of expectations. So I don't know that it's substantially exceeding those expectations. I would say that, one factor that did occur particularly in the first half of this year, that I think probably has an impact on the cigarette category decline rate, is that not only did we see the number of adult vapers increase, as we expected it to going to 13.8 million compared to 12.2 million from June to the end of last year. We also saw a pretty good step-up in the number of adult vapors that are no longer smoking. And certainly if somebody goes from smoking to dual using cigarettes and e-vapor then moves all the way to exclusive e-vapor use that could have a modest step-up on the cigarette decline rate. So certainly that happened in the first half. I don't know that we had a hardened past view on what would happen there, but certainly it stepped up. And compared to history it's at a higher level than it's been since 2014.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think, we feel good about our cigar business. You are right that the FDA has said they're going to finalize some guidance on flavors in cigars later this year. I think we along with others in industry have stated that we don't think they have very good signs and evidence base to restrict the availability of flavored cigars. So we think ultimately that is going to be challenged and we feel that there's a very strong case to challenge that. Secondly, you're right that for products that don't already have a market order because they are grandfathered or have received an SE they're going to have to file PMTAs on this new accelerated deadline of May of next year. So for some cigar companies that could pose a significant issue for them and they may lose the ability to sell some of their cigar products. By and large that doesn't apply to us. The vast majority of our cigar products have market orders either because they're grandfathered or have received FDA notices. And then of course with regard to any rule-making they might make in the longer term relating to flavors or other things again they're going to have the obligation to support that with science and evidence. And we feel good about our ability to make case that our cigar products in any case are responsibly participating in the marketplace.
Howard Willard: Yes. I'm not going to speculate on future pricing. I think that consumers are moving into e-vapor because of significant benefits that those products have unrelated to price and I'm not going to speculate on future pricing. Thank you. 
Howard Willard: Yes. We don't share level of that detail. Both direct mailings and onserts to date have occurred. And I know that there is further activity that's planned between now and the end of the year communicating about the benefits of Juul, but we haven't shared numbers or fine details on that.
Howard Willard: I don't think we've seen anything that caused us to change our views on Juul's growth rate or the cannibalization of our products.
Howard Willard: Yes, I don't know that I've got a precise point of view on that. I think, we think about it more along the lines of how the category growth rate in e-vapor is developing and then we take into account all the impacts on the overall cigarette category. I don't know that we've kind of looked at it that way and I don't know that I have any greater precision to share with you.
Howard Willard: Yes. I don't know that we've firmed up an expectation for IQOS. I think our belief -- certainly, we know the experience in a variety of markets overseas. I think our belief is that that's one of the key things we're going to learn in going into the Atlanta test market. And I think, we'll know probably in the next six to nine months kind of what the U.S. experience is with IQOS. And of course, we're going to put significant resources and significant activity behind it in order to drive it towards the high end of what it can do in the U.S. But I don't know that we've got a precise answer as to how we think it's going to compare in the U.S. to overseas, but we do know that we're going to put the resources behind it to make sure that it does as well in the U.S. as is humanly possible.
Howard Willard: Thank you, Christie. To close, we're on track to deliver against our 2019 earnings guidance. We believe Altria is well positioned through the combination of excellent profit growth from our core tobacco businesses and strategic positions in key noncombustible product categories to lead our industry through a period of evolution just as we have in the past. Thanks again for joining us and please contact our Investor Relations team, if you have further questions.
Billy Gifford: Yeah, I think it's important to remember Michael that we expected to close in the second half. So from a standpoint of anything material, we don't expect anything material this year from on!.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Chris on the FTC, we still expect the approval latter part of this year beginning of next. And I think what we had said previously about both Cronos and Juul is we had no material impact in our guidance.
Billy Gifford: Yes. When we issued guidance we said we incorporated the iQOS lead market. Certainly there are always puts and takes, but we run various scenarios when we have that range of guidance and that's all incorporated.
Billy Gifford: Yes. You're exactly right. We're very pleased with the high margins that we're able to achieve in the smokeless category. From a standpoint of On! we think through time they will achieve tobacco-like margins.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think when you think about it one HeatStick would be the equivalent of one cigarette because the definition incorporates it that way. And I'm not going to speculate on what future product iterations could be inside or outside of the MSA.
