Marty Barrington: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. Altria is off to a strong start in 2015. Our core tobacco businesses continued to deliver on their strategies, backed by the strengths of their leading premium brands. Each of our reportable segments grew operating companies income and expanded their margins. Altria grew its adjusted diluted EPS by 10.5%, paid approximately $1 billion in dividends, and repurchased 3.6 million shares in the first quarter, and earlier this morning we reaffirmed our guidance for 2015 full year adjusted diluted EPS growth of 7% to 9%. Here are some important highlights from the quarter. PM USA delivered on its smokable segment strategy of maximizing income, while maintaining modest share momentum on Marlboro over time. This segment produced outstanding results in the first quarter driven by higher pricing, higher volume and Marlboro retail share growth. PM USA has invested steadily to strengthen Marlboro and those investments continue to pay-off. As a result, the smokable segment grew adjusted operating companies income by over 12% in the quarter. PM USA’s reported cigarette shipment volumes grew 1.6% in the quarter, benefiting from a moderation in the industry decline rate, trade inventory movements and retail share gains. In the machine made large cigar category, John Middleton continued to strengthen its leadership position in the profitable tipped cigar segment. The company posted strong double-digit volume growth in the quarter driven primarily by Black & Mild. In the smokeless product segment, USSTC grew first quarter operating companies income by 5% and expanded its operating company income margin by one percentage point to over 63%. USSTC estimates that its adjusted smokeless segment volumes grew approximately 4% in the quarter, while smokeless industry volumes grew 2% over the past 12 months. Copenhagen and Skoal grew their combined retail share by half of a percentage point in the quarter. Turning to innovative tobacco products, Nu Mark remains focused on building a robust portfolio of innovative tobacco products for adult smokers and vapors. Nu Mark began shipping its next generation e-vapor product, MarkTen XL, into lead markets this month. In the wine segment, Ste. Michelle posted a quarter of nearly 23% operating companies income growth, primarily through improved premium mix. In the first quarter, equity earnings from SABMiller investment were negatively affected by SABMiller special items and unfavorable currency impacts from a stronger dollar. The investment continues to support our strong balance sheet and provides cash flow through its dividend. So, we came into 2015 with momentum, and our first quarter results reflect another quarter of strong execution against our well defined strategies. We believe our businesses are positioned to help us deliver against our full-year guidance. Billy Gifford will now discuss our business results in more detail.
Marty Barrington: Sure. Let us start with Marlboro Black. It continues to do a terrific job. In fact, it has grown for 17 consecutive quarters. We don’t break the shares out by SKUs as you know Owen, but Marlboro Black is doing a terrific job, particularly in the important segment of adult smokers, 21 to 29. I hope you had a chance to see our remarks [Indiscernible] about our vapor business. Our aspiration there is to succeed in the long term. What that means is we are moving with appropriate dispatch, but with financial discipline, always learning from the consumer and frankly what we are working on principally right now in addition to our distribution and brand building is product development. Consumers are telling e-vapor manufacturers that the products are not yet there. That is why you see us improving our product development pipeline and to be sure, share is important, but it will be important as soon as the products are established with the consumers. We are not unduly focused on share. We are focused on getting the right products in the consumer’s hands.
Marty Barrington: Okay, great. Thanks for those questions. Let me start with cigarette volume. We don’t forecast volume going forward as you know. It has been 3% to 4% over the last several years and we think that, you have to look at that over time. To be sure this quarter is a break, but it is only a quarter. So we will have to see. Probably the best answer to your question about consumption is the total consumption rate over the last several years as measured by government sources, which has been declining at about call it 1% to 1.5% total pounds. So that takes into account Bonnie, all of the products that adult tobacco consumers are trying and of course it is a dynamic time. We have seen more movement among the categories. That is probably the best marker.
Marty Barrington: I will try to give you a little help. It is in the all other category and so we don’t break it out too much under that. But we are in investment mode. That is the best way to understand it and in response to Owen’s question I pointed out that we have a lot of work underway to make sure that we have a robust portfolio of products because that is what the consumers are saying to everyone, which is, I’m willing to try these products, but they are not quite there yet. And so we are continually working to improve our offerings. That is why we have come out with MarkTen XL, twice the battery size, and so forth. And so I think that is the way to understand it and we are going to be investment mode here, but we do it in a financially disciplined way, always cognizant of our long-term financial goal of 7% to 9% growth in our EPS and we have been able to pull that off, and I’m confident that we will over time.
Marty Barrington: We will talk about national once we get into lead markets and we see how it does. That is our innovation system, which is to put products in consumers hands, conducting experiments about whether the offering is interesting to them, find out how we can improve it and then we roll forward, and you saw that is how we did MarkTen. I think that is what you should expect with MarkTen XL.
Marty Barrington: Yes, good questions both. Look, our focus is on the premium end of the business. More than 90% of PM USA cigarette shipments are premium and that is where the action is for us. But of course there is a discount segment out there. It is declining over time. The real reason that we are growing our discount business there is because of L&M. It is a terrific product that is priced competitively in the marketplace and it is doing great. So it is not our principal focus, but it does help the business albeit small.
Marty Barrington: Yes. Let me see if I can give you a bit more color to try to help you with it. You are right. It has been some time since we have seen numbers like this. Part of it is the comp versus a year ago. I mean the volume was down pretty significantly in the first quarter of ’14 as you remember. But there is no denying that several factors are at play here. The economy is improving. It is improving for our consumer set finally, happily after this very difficult time during the recession. We have the phenomenon of dropping gas prices and if it occurs for us at a time after we have made very significant investments in Marlboro. We implement the Marlboro architecture. We launch Marlboro Black. I would say all of those factors came together to contribute to what is a very strong quarter for PM USA. That is our analysis for our business at least.
Marty Barrington: I do think Judy, it is Marty, that your reference to levers is exactly correct. That is what differentiates the Altria offering. We have numerous levers that we can use to try to meet our long-term goal of 7% to 9%, and if you look over the last several years we have been able to do that has various businesses have been up or down.
Marty Barrington: Sure. I think you have identified the two drivers. One is Copenhagen continues to grow strongly. You see a share point in the quarter and I do think the actions we are taking on Skoal are improving. In fact if you look at the quarterly results for Skoal, it is down half a share point, but it is the fourth consecutive quarter where it has narrowed those share losses year-over-year. We gave it a new equity campaign. We have terrific equity-based promotions I think that are improving its relationship with its consumer set and then as we have been working on the price gaps on Skoal Classic. I think all of that is helping to steady up Skoal, and that is spot on strategy for us. So I think it is the combination of Copenhagen’s continued growth and our work on the value equation on Skoal.
Marty Barrington: Yes, I know. It is just hard to tease that out right now. It has been a couple of quarters. We do know that some of the growth previously in smokeless was due to cigarette smokers coming into the category. We now know that there are vapor alternatives. We now have a recovering economy. It is just really hard to tease out Matt what exactly those factors are, but we will be able to do it over time I would expect.
Marty Barrington: It is probably short term noise, although untipped does continue to grow. What we’re trying to do is to balance the share question with profitability and in this segment we always try to maximize income first. So, Black & Mild happily has a very strong share position in the segment that is providing frankly most of the profitability, and we think that is the better course at this time.
Marty Barrington: Yes, we have some proprietary models for that that allow us to try to get some sense. They are not as highly developed as you might expect in a category that has been around as long as cigarettes, but that is really a proprietary view of it, which I’m not prepared to talk about on the phone candidly.
Marty Barrington: Well, we do know that when adult tobacco consumers are feeling better about their economic situation, they want to be in premium brands. And in this category, the premium brand they want to be in is Marlboro. We have seen that several times if you go back in history for example and you look at the [indiscernible] narrow price gaps got out of line the consumer was not feeling good about that. You’re much too young to remember Vivien, but people predicted that was going to be end of brands and so forth. In effect it wasn’t, it was that one the consumers thought that the price gap was appropriate. They came right back rowing into Marlboro. So, Marlboro has that kind of equity and we would expect that as consumers continue to consolidate around premium brands that Marlboro will do just fine.
Marty Barrington: It’s early for Rich Blue, it’s having a nice little effect in a trace I would say Marlboro architecture, Marlboro Black, strong Marlboro equity those continue to be the drivers of Marlboro’s growth.
Marty Barrington: Yes, that’s really a terrific question, we do have these other terrific premium brands that we offer for adult smokers they don’t get a lot of support because frankly they have their franchise pretty settled and are very profitable. But parliament is probably the best example, we gave some limited support to parliament last year and it really paid back very well. Our focus is Marlboro, the other premium brands produce nice profitability contribution and if we can do some modest things for them that help stabilize their share well producing that profitability, we’re open to that.
Marty Barrington: Well, there is always risks in every business right, and we kind of look at that at the beginning of the year and the category like this, you’re always watching volume, you’re watching your pricing power, you’re watching regulation, you’re watching excise tax, I mean, you’re competitive activity now those of all, then well handled overtime and we have good plans and place for all of them but if you are trying to identify factors in this industry that present risk as well as opportunity those are probably some of them.
Marty Barrington: No, I don’t think in particular. I think Billy said it best earlier which is when we put the year together for our guidance, there are always puts and takes and we look at the operating company performance and we look at SAD contribution, you always look at exercise taxes and so forth and so on. So, I think the guidance that we put together which we reaffirm today just reflects our view particularly early in the year about we can do. I think we pointed out previously, I think when we gave the guidance, we have got some pension and benefit expense which is flowing in. We’re are winding up the Philip Morris Capital core business so it’s not contributing at the same rate it used to contribute at. And we’re making discipline investments in the innovators space that’s probably the best way to look at that Bill.
Marty Barrington: Yes that’s an interesting area to ask about, thank you. Listen, one of the reasons we supported FDA was because this process now allows manufacturers to bring products to the FDA to try to see if we can get them qualified as modified risk or reduced risk. And so, the [indiscernible] was the first hearing and there was quite a lot of buzz about that but it was just a first hearing, it was expected to be a long term project to bring these projects to market so I think I wouldn’t be over reading that too much. We continue to work with BMI on our own process regarding heat not burn, the first milestone to watch for will be the filing of the application. And then hopefully the one after that will be its approval and that we continue to work in the meantime on our branding and marketing and go to market strategies as we’re very hopeful about that product and as you know we’ll have the exclusive on that product in the United States. So, we continue to pursue that.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I think if you think about it Chris, you will recall last year we actually had started dialing back promotional spend around Marlboro, and so we’re lapping that as we go through the first quarter.
Billy Gifford: Yes, Judy. I think when you think about the SABMiller asset, it has been a great asset for us. It has performed very well. We are talking about one quarter and you mentioned the negative drivers from that equity income year-over-year, one being the special items, which were primarily related to asset impairment and then the negative currency drag. We don’t provide down to that level for the total year, but now at the beginning of the year when we provide that guidance we incorporate a number of factors and SAB was incorporated in that.
Billy Gifford: Yes, I think Judy overall you heard us reiterate guidance today. We feel good about that and we feel good about where the business is.
