Martin J. Barrington: Sure. Thanks, Steve. I can help you some and we'll be able to help you more when it's time for guidance. Listen, our long-term financial goals haven't changed. As you know, we're trying to grow long-term, 7% to 9%. That's not a guidant. That's a long-term growth aspiration. You see we've been able to do that pretty consistently about 8% over the last several years. That's basically what the model has been producing. And then as we get into each year, we look at all of the factors that we put into our guidance for a given year, and you've pointed out some factors that we're going to have to put into the guidance for 2017 given the transaction. What I would like to communicate to investors as opposed to getting ahead of guidance before it's due is how well the businesses are performing. You're right to point out that the businesses are strong and we're doing well, but there are some puts and takes every year when you do your guidance, and we'll do that when we release our guidance in January. So that's how I would encourage investors to think about it. We'll have more to say about that in a little while.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, we don't give volume guidance forward on the quarter but there was a trade inventory build in the third quarter. If you look at the housekeeping items especially, Steve, you can see that there was a bigger build there than there was for the year-ago period. And Billy's already pointed out, I think that there's going to be one fewer trade – shipping day for PM USA, so that's how I think probably about the volume for the quarter without getting into numbers.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, that's an interesting question. The long-term desire, of course, is to be as efficient as you can in manufacturing, and that would include our desire to have automation for the e-vapor products that are appropriate for that. You have to get the product right before you can scale to automation. But there's no question, we've been working very hard on our cost base for the e-vapor products, and automation ultimately would help us to do that. We've got some more investing to do so I probably wouldn't expect that in the short-term but it's on our list of things to think about for sure.
Martin J. Barrington: Thanks for those questions. Well I guess I'd start out by saying that it's always competitive out there and it continues to be competitive, but I don't think there's anything particularly material to call out that's different than what we've talked about already in the year. And with respect to Marlboro, we're very happy with how Marlboro is performing. We've pointed out, I think, in the remarks we just made that it's up a tenth through the third quarter and it's hovering at near record share for the year. Our strategy in this category is to increase our income while maintaining modest share momentum. And actually, if you look at Marlboro from a share perspective, pick one period, say from 2011 forward, we've grown two share points. We look at it over time. It's doing its job and I would say it's doing its job especially well in light of the fact that we had a transaction last year and some owners got new the brands and they've obviously been working hard in the marketplace to try to advance them. So we're very happy with how Marlboro is doing.
Martin J. Barrington: Well, I'm reluctant to predict that, I guess. I guess what I should say about the ballot initiatives, California's not the only one. As you know, Vivien, we're working really hard on them. We're engaging with people to try to persuade them that, that's not the right approach to do because our consumers are already very heavily taxed. There's a fair amount of volume in California, obviously, and you know the elasticities and so I think that you can work out what that would be. We remain hopeful in California but it's a challenging environment.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah, they remain on track. I think we've pointed out in our release this morning, as well as in our remarks, I think that they remain on track as PMI has previously outlined, and that's the last that we have on that. And it looks just like it's go.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah. I actually would direct you to PMI because they're – obviously, it's their application, Michael. But I can help you a little bit which is – I think it's simply the volume of work that has to go into those two applications. As you know, they're quite voluminous in terms of the documentation and I think the sense is, if the MRTP application is ready given the timelines on those, that the thinking is to go ahead and to get it in and then swiftly follow up with the PMTA. But I think it's just the volume of work to get the two applications in. I'm not sure I would read anything particularly into that, but you could follow-up with PMI.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. It is too early to say, but I can give you a high-level strategic viewpoint which is, what we're trying to do, obviously, is to make the best use of our manufacturing footprint that we can. We have a world-class manufacturing facility here in Richmond with the MC, as you know. And to the extent that those facilities can be used for other purposes, we've been mindful of that, particularly as cigarette volume goes down.
Martin J. Barrington: Yeah. Listen, I'm sure you can appreciate. We're just not going to comment on that. It's just been announced that there's been an approach and we make a policy of not commenting on other folks' transactions. So I hope you forgive me but I'm not going to say nothing more about that.
Martin J. Barrington: Adam, I very much appreciate your invitation to get me comment on it through another means, but I'm afraid I'm not going to do it. It's just not appropriate at this time. You have to indulge me, I'm sorry.
Martin J. Barrington: Listen, those are so fact specific as to any transaction that might ever be proposed that it would just be wrong for me to start hypothesizing about that.
Martin J. Barrington: Sure. I can tell you exactly how we've been thinking about it, which is at the highest level there's essentially two segments in that category, Adam. There's the tipped segment and then there's an untipped segment. And in the tipped segment, which is where the bulk of the profitability is, we are the overwhelming leader there both in terms of share and in terms of the profit pool. The untipped has been, for several years now, following a federal excise tax increase subject to very, very heavily promotions and the profit pool has been diminishing there. So our strategy is to be the leader where the profit pool is and that's in the tipped segment. So you can see that the overall share goes down a little bit, but actually in terms of our share of the profit pool, it's in the tipped segment, where we're doing great.
Martin J. Barrington: Okay. I guess anything's conceivable but the applications do take time, Nik. It's probably more likely to be after that.
Martin J. Barrington: I can do the last one for you for sure which is that you always start out behind in these things so you ask people if you want to raise cigarette taxes. Because many people don't use the products, it sounds like a good idea. You wait your campaign and what happened last time, Nik, was that the margins closed over time and it was very close. I can't remember what the exact percentage was but I believe it was less than 1 percentage point last time. And the no votes basically, I think, crossed that line late probably like the last week.
Martin J. Barrington: I can tell you the model we use which is the adjacency model. You're right to point out core competencies. Our history is that this is a company that owned a lot of different businesses over time, food businesses and other businesses. And I think what we learned over time was that while we have terrific people and lots of resources, we're very, very good at the tobacco business and we know how to run it. That doesn't mean that it's the only business we could run, but you have to be disciplined about what you have to bring to the party so that you can run a business better than somebody else can run the business. So that's the model we used. We're also mindful, of course, of the margins we have and how you're going to deploy capital if you get into other businesses. So we have a highly developed model. Our business development team is consistently running scans to look for what might work, but we have to be pretty disciplined about it.
Vivien Azer: So another good quarter for Marlboro in terms of your long-term aspirations from a market share perspective, but the price gap is about as low as I've seen it going back through my model, and the retail pricing growth of 1.9% was a little bit lower than we've seen over the last few quarters. So I was hoping can you just comment on some of the activity that's ongoing in retail, number one, and number two, your level of comfort with Marlboro's price gap? Thanks.
Vivien Azer: That's very helpful. Thank you for that. On the ballot initiatives that you called out, obviously you guys are actively working to affect a favorable outcome, but to the extent that perhaps the California ballot measure does pass, can you give us a sense of how you think that would impact 2017 industry volumes? Thanks.
Vivien Azer: That's fair. Thanks. And last one for me, if you could just remind us of your expectations around the timing of the iQOS submissions to the FDA? Thanks.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, Bonnie. This is Billy. I'll take that one. When you look at a shorter-term period, you can be affected by timing of spending. So I pointed out in the remarks the manufacturing cost. If you look at manufacturing costs on a year-to-date basis in the smokeless category, it's virtually flat. Again, if you look at the margins through the first nine months, they're up 1.6 percentage points. So again, in a shorter time period, you can be affected by the timing of the spending. Thanks for the question.
William F. Gifford: Well, thanks for the question about the wine business, which is really a terrific business and so it gives us an opportunity to call that out for our colleagues in the wine business. You've seen the numbers. It performs extremely well, they have tremendous brands and they've been growing their adjusted operating company income strongly over time. We have previously said that it is not our strategic intent to be a consolidator of the wine industry, which is, as you know, a highly fractured business. But what we do is we provide sufficient capital to the wine company from time to time so that if they want to make a small acquisition in order to improve their business or to invest in their sales force, or to help their distribution capability and the like, we do that. And they're a very nice, if small, contributor to Altria. So I want to commend the work they do, they do a terrific job but I wouldn't want to leave anyone with the idea that we're trying to be a big consolidator in wine because we are not.
William F. Gifford: Yeah. So as Marty mentioned, with the ABI deal and the closing of the hedged positions, we got $5.3 billion in pre-tax. We'll pay the full tax burden on that, so approximately $3.5 billion net cash proceeds after-tax from the transaction.
William F. Gifford: Sure. It's a good question, Judy, and I would just step back from that and kind of remind you how we think about capital allocation and cash follows them. So you know, we – first and foremost is the 80% dividend target payout ratio. And then after that we put that excess cash to use. You've seen us in the past do debt tenders, you saw us do a debt tender refi even this year. At times we look at our pension plan and fund it. Marty mentioned small tack-on acquisitions from time to time such as Green Smoke or small wins in wine. So we try to put that money to use to the best use for our shareholders. In the most current period, you saw us put some of that to use managing the diverse income streams and buying additional shares in ABI. So that's the way we think about it and that's the way we put it to use.
William F. Gifford: Sure, Judy. As you mentioned, the dividends will be unaffected. The lag that I mentioned is an accounting lag based on the recognition of the equity income. As far as the dividends received, if you own over 10% of the company, you are entitled to any foreign taxes that they paid associated with those dividends and you can take a credit for those. So being about the 10% allows us the opportunity to use foreign tax credit against those available dividends.
William F. Gifford: Whatever dividend they declare against our share, so it's a rate per share, that's the dividends we will receive when they declare dividends. As far as foreign tax credits, it's based on what's available to be applied against the dividends that we receive.
William F. Gifford: Yeah, Chris. Nothing particularly unique but you mentioned a period that we'd still own SAB in the fourth quarter. That is a true statement and we would recognize that the way we used to recognize SAB earnings. The remaining part of the quarter will be a lag, and that'll be recognized in the first quarter. But yeah, that's what we adjust the guidance for. That was what was included in there.
William F. Gifford: Well, I won't get into the costs necessarily, Chris, but you're right to point out that we're working together on it. It's PMI's application, but obviously we have substantial expertise with the FDA and the FDA processes. And I would say that the teams are working together very, very nicely on the work, and there's a great deal of collaboration. And then of course on the Altria side, what we have is our plans with respect to commercialization and branding and go-to-market and the like. And again, the collaboration between us and PMI has been very high including, as I think we've pointed out in our remarks, getting the benefits of the various learnings and their markets. And so the teams are working well together but I'm not – you'll forgive me, I just don't want to get into the cost at this time.
William F. Gifford: I don't think there's anything remarkable to call out there. As you know, it does vary from quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year. It just looks like the trade built more inventory in the third quarter than they did in the year ago. So you've got that comparison of that I think is the honest answer.
