Martin Barrington: Thank you Sarah. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining our call. Altria continued to make excellent progress against its key strategies in the first quarter of 2014. Our maximizing our core premium tobacco businesses over the long-term and making disciplined investments to grow new income streams with innovative products. Altria grew 2014 first quarter adjusted diluted EPS by 5.6% behind the strong performance from our smokeless product segment and growth in our smokeless product segment. Lower financing costs also contributed to adjusted diluted EPS growth in the quarter. So we’re off to a good start against our full year objectives. Here are the highlights from the quarter. Our smokeless products segment continued to deliver against its strategy of maximizing income while maintaining modest share momentum on Marlboro over time. The segment produced strong adjusted operating company’s income growth of 6.4% and expanded its adjusted operating company’s income margin primarily through higher pricing. PM USA’s 2014 first quarter, reported shipment volume decreased 2.5% primarily due to the industries decline partially offset by changes in trade inventories and retail share gains. PM USA’s income and volume performance benefited from modestly higher wholesale inventories compared to the same period last year, though we expect inventory levels to moderate as we move through the year. Marlboro continues to be strong at 43.8 share points, larger than the next 10 brands combined. PM USA successfully grew Marlboro’s retail share behind investments in the Marlboro architecture and grew its total share of the cigarette category driven by Marlboro and L&M in the discount segment. Turning to smokeless products, the segment grew first quarter operating company’s income by 7.75% primarily through higher volume. The segment also grew Copenhagen and Skoal’s combined volume and retail share behind another strong quarter for Copenhagen Long Cut Wintergreen, which now has posted 14 consecutive quarters of retail share gains. During the first quarter USSTC began implementing strategies to enhance Skoal’s equity and carefully manage Skoal Classic price gaps in select geographies. These strategies including changes to Skoal’s promotional plan resulted in some retail inventory movements that negatively impacted USSTC’s first quarter shipment volume. While these short-term dynamics also may impact the segments second quarter results, USSTC’s strategy should strengthen the brand over the long-term and we’re encouraged by the early results. This strong performance by our core tobacco businesses was partially offset by comparatively lower gains on asset sales at Philip Morris Capital Corporation and lower earnings from our equity investment in SABMiller, primarily due to gains from common stock, issuances in the first quarter of 2013. Moving to innovator products, Nu Mark continues to make excellent progress against its long-term goal of achieving e-vapor leadership. The company is on track to begin its rolling national launch of MarkTen in June. And earlier this month Nu Mark completed its acquisition of Green Smoke adding significant e-vapor experience, broadening Nu Mark’s product offerings and strengthening its supply chain capabilities. We’re happy to welcome Green Smoke’s talented employees to our team. And of course Altria continues to focus on returning large amounts of cash to shareholders. During the first quarter, Altria paid $957 million in dividends and purchased shares valued at approximately $272 million. So to start off we’re pleased with our first quarter performance and we’re continuing to focus on our key strategies, strong consistent results for the long-term. Altria reaffirms its guidance for 2014 full year adjusted diluted EPS to be in a range of $2.52 to $2.59, representing a growth rate of 6% to 9% from an adjusted diluted EPS base of $2.38 in 2013. We expect stronger adjusted diluted EPS growth in the second half of the year compared to the first half driven by various factors including lower fourth quarter costs in the smokable products segment due to the end of the quota by our payments and a significantly lower fourth quarter tax rate compared to the year-ago period resulting from our 2013 debt tender offer. I’ll turn things over to Howard who will discuss Altria’s business results in more detail.
Martin Barrington: Thanks for calling in. I don’t have a comment on the deeming because I haven’t read them yet. I guess the release – even as we’re on the call here so I’ve read only the press reports this morning and I’d like to read them before I comment on them. With respect to margins you’re right to point out that we did have good margin performance, we had a growth in smokeless, growth in the smokeless and that’s all consistent with our strategies in the core tobacco business which is to grow our income in smokeless maximize our income in the smokeless segment. And then to grow our income to volume growth in smokeless so I don’t know how you want to say more a quarter –
Martin Barrington: Well I think it’s consistent with what we said before when we talked about quarter which is if you’re trying to maximize your income in the smokeless segment, you obviously want to take every opportunity you can to do that and that’s how we’re thinking about that.
Martin Barrington: Yeah sure let’s go back. What I’d say first of all is remember for us and our smokeless business we have margins above 62%. So of course you can always have a better net pricing realization but in the category that has margins like that and that were the category is growing. We can grow our income very nicely and remember what we’re trying to do there is, is to grow that income off of the volume in line with the category growth and then to have modest share momentum on Copenhagen and Skoal. So that’s the approach and I think in CAGNY we did a fairly good job I think of laying out how that’s played out over the last five years since we got the business and whether it’s on volume growth or income growth we’ve really grown these business very nicely. Copenhagen of course has taken off well and we’re now working on Skoal.
Martin Barrington: Yeah, that’s another good question. We actually started back on this Nick a couple of years ago to really improve our innovation system as a whole. We thought that we had opportunities to get faster, to develop better consumer insights and to more rapidly turn them into products to satisfy their needs. So we’ve actually been after this, not just on e-cigarettes but on all of our business just for about two years now. We’ve made significant improvements I’d like to think in the system itself. And then with respect to e-vapor, you’re right to point out that the learning cycles are shorter. And so we were working very hard on our consumer insight system in our market reach systems to make sure that those systems are adjusted to give us quicker reads on what’s happening with the consumer and in the marketplace. And we’re using lots of techniques like ethnography and other techniques to make sure we’re staying close to that consumer because they’re moving around a bit.
Martin Barrington: That question comes up a lot, but there’s no reason to think that right now. We don’t predict to the consumption decline rate going forward but we do look at a number of factors as you know. And what have we seen is that over the last several years it’s really been 3% to 4% and that’s been through periods when there have been other products that come into the marketplace. E-cigarettes I would argue being just among the last, so is it possible that it could speed up or head the other way I suppose anything is possible. But when we look at the data and we look at it pretty carefully to see if there are any new drivers that would change what the historical rate has been, at least right now Judy we don’t see that. Our model as is to use an estimate of secular decline of call it 2% to 3% in that neighborhood and embedded in that in our model are people who are trying other products or even indeed migrating to other products. And that seems like that plus the historical price elasticity still seems to do a pretty good job of explaining the decline rate.
Martin Barrington: Sure, let me start with Marlboro. I think the answer to Marlboro lies in the main in the implementation of the Marlboro architecture which is itself a terrific example of innovation in the business. So you know the story behind the Marlboro architecture, I won’t repeat it, but what we see there is that by employing it we’ve been able to reach out in different ways to adult smokers. You take Marlboro Black, which is doing extremely well and then really the Marlboro architecture along with innovation say on Marlboro.com the age restricted website and you’ll like, has really helped Marlboro grow in the way that it wants to grow. I would also say if you look at Marlboro’s historical share growth, it’s completely consistent with that. So I think that’s the answer on Marlboro and so far we’ve been able to execute our strategy well I think of maximizing income while keeping Marlboro on a good momentum pad. The way we describe the answer to your question about how can you focus on your core business while also paying attention to innovation is almost exactly like that. We call it maximizing the core business while innovating through the future. And our organization is filled with enough talented people and we have enough resources to develop that. I just don’t accept the notion that the world is so binary as you have to do one of the other. And I think that you’ve been able to see that recently. We continue to maximize the income that comes out of our core tobacco businesses at the same time we’ve entered e-vapor space. We created our own product. We’ve been into test markets we’ve done a transaction with PMI to hopefully sell those products internationally. And now we’ve done a very nice tack on acquisition to improve our capability in such things as the supply chain and entrepreneurial culture. And you know what I’m very proud of the organization. We have really I think done quite a good job of describing this to our people and where we’re going and how we’re going to get there. And I am very proud of the work that’s been done in that regard.
Martin Barrington: Well we think about it is through our mission. And our mission is to satisfy adult tobacco consumers. And if adult tobacco consumers want to move to innovative products like e-vapor probably won’t be the last by the way, there’ll be other products that they want to try. Particularly those, that may hold out the promise for less harm if the FDA were to approve them. I think it’s the wrong approach to try to run the business in a way to hold that back. We’re in the job of satisfying our adult tobacco consumers. And we’re going to have products for them that are premium and then have margin and they done responsibly. And that’s how we think about it. And so it’s about understanding your consumer and trying to give them what they want. All the while of course paying attention in keeping the word discipline is important. And we use that word deliberately so that we keep our eye on our core businesses.
Martin Barrington: I suppose so I mean they have seen that FDA issued new performance metrics about how it’s going to try to turn FET’s faster beginning with fiscal year 2015 and they had some increase from various people about the time that’s taken of FET so I can only talk about ours of course but we remain I think with a very healthy portfolio. Ultimately of course that’s the way the industry’s is going to work. The FDA is going to have to look at new products and approval.
Martin Barrington: Well I hope no and we’ve working very hard to make that not happen with many others. So far be activity Chris has been very active in terms of proposals but actually fairly modest in terms of passage. So we don’t have any FETs to memory that had passed so far this year although there have been lots of proposals. And there remain proposals in the state houses so our government authority is hard to have that. The FET is still hanging around out there although it is not seen at this moment in time anyway to have gain to lot of traction.
Martin Barrington: I think PM USA; the short answer is PM USA’s have done a heck of a good job of managing its plans. We say this at the beginning of the year; it’s a good reminder to us actually. When we do our planning we take everything into account including the fact that, competitors will launch products from time-to-time. And so we don’t disclose how we think about that or the actions that PM USA takes to protect its franchise. But you’re right to point out I think, that the metrics of its performance in the face of that and other challenges really speaks to the strength of the PM USA franchise.
Howard Willard III: No I might think, I think certainly in the first quarter we had 3.8% revenue growth for tax basis in smokeless. And that was a strong driver in the first quarter. And I think you said it’s consistent with our strategy maximizing profitability.
Howard Willard III: Sure Judy, this is Howard. I think as you look at the year-over-year comparisons in the other segments, I think first quarter reflects what we’ve said during the course of the year, which is we’ve had unfavorable comparisons year-over-year on PMCC. And we’ve also increase our investment related to Nu Mark, and I think as we move into the second quarter you’re going to continue to see trends of us continuing to invest in Nu Mark as we ramp after that national launch in June.
Howard Willard III: Certainly, I refer back to our annual guidance and I think you are right that this is going to be a bit of a unique year in that as the quarters unfold, you might have different trends in the quarters then that are reflected in the total year performance. And certainly that’s reflected in the first quarter related to SAB Miller. IN SAB Miller we actually had unfavorable year-over-year trend, although that was really driven by the fact that SAB Miller issued more stock in the first quarter of last year than they did in the first quarter of this year that has a negative impact on our earnings. If you actually looked at the performance excluding that SAB Miller had a growth in the quarter. So I think that certainly was a unique impact in the first quarter with regard to SAB Miller. We’ve already communicated that on an annual basis, because of the strong asset sales in the past from PMCC, if those slowdown, there’s going to be an unfavorable impact. But then of course below the operating company’s income line there were number of favorability for the year. And you started to see the interest decline in the first quarter with certainly benefited earnings and that’ll continue to unfold through the year. You also see it in our cash rates on adjusted income basis has come down in the quarter. And that is going to be reflected through the total year. And then of course there’s an impact on EPS growth from our share repurchase program. So there were certainly a number of positives in the quarter including a strong performance on the smokeless segment, but that is being offset by SAB Miller, by PMCC and some investments in Nu Mark. Although ultimately resulting that we thought was a nice 5.6% EPS growth for the quarter.
Howard Willard III: Yeah, I don’t know that you can just take an annualized in first quarter because there were a number of different things that happened last year. But certainly you should expect to see a nice favorable interest impact for the total year just like we had a nice favorable interest impact in the first quarter.
Howard Willard III: I think this is Howard. I do think, we remain committed to our long-term EPS growth of 7% to 9% and continuing to return a large amount of cash to shareholders 80% payout ratio. And as we see it now we think the different levers we have to pull and the strength of our business platform auto allow us to make the appropriate investments and stay consistent with our long-term strategy.
Howard Willard III: Well I think you’re right to point out this, on the current program we are coming towards the end of it. We got about $187 million left and our normal practice has been that most of the cash returned to shareholders come through our 80% dividend payout ratio but opportunistically we’ll do some share repurchase. So additional share repurchase is sure to be a discussion topic here over the next several months. And I think with regard to incremental cash needs going forward, I don’t think we see that there are dramatically different incremental needs going forward than we’ve had over the last year. So, certainly use of cash for something, we’ll be looking at over the next few months.
Howard Willard III: Sure. I think you’ve accessed PMCC about right, which is our goal really has been to rapidly unwind that business, but to do it in a way that is maximizing the profit and cash flow that Altria gets from it. And so we’re pleased to see that we’re down to a net finance receivable of only about $2 billion down quite significantly. Frankly our goal with an eye towards still having an appropriate earnings impact and cash flow impact is to unwind that business as quickly as possible because we think that our focus really is elsewhere at this time. I would say that we’ve had quite strong asset sales over the last couple of years. I would expect to see those asset sales continue but at a lower rate. And that’s really what our belief is and I think that what results from that is the results we’ll continue to get an income contribution from that business, the year-over-year comparisons. Certainly for this year are likely to be unfavorable and it’s going to be lumpy in any given quarter. You’re going to see part of the variance in that quarter driven by what goes on at PMCC. I think the good news is as you’ve pointed out, the business is a much smaller part of Altria now. And I think its impact is going to diminish greatly here over the next year or two.
Howard Willard III: We just meant to describe that there was more than one company in that family, but the business is exactly as we described it before.
