Howard Willard: Yes. I will comment on the second quarter performance, but it did step up a little bit in March. And ultimately the total quarterly performance was down 5%. But of course, we've taken all that into account, as we've looked at our estimate for the full year and we continue to believe full year decline is likely to be 4% to 5%.
Howard Willard: I don't know that we're at all troubled by the discount performance in the first quarter. As we stated, there's been a trend for quite some time for some modest share churn between branded discount and the deep discount products. We are focused on programs within L&M to moderate that. But I don't feel like we – we feel like that puts our plans for the year at all at risk. And it is a continuation of a moderate trend. And I pointed out, I think in the past, that if you go back five years on an L&M it is still modestly ahead in its share and has had significant profit improvement. And so, I think, we're quite pleased there. And as you point out, our primary focus in the cigarette category is on Marlboro and I think that we're pleased with the performance of the Marlboro brand. We're pleased with the stability of the premium category. And I think that causes us to not be interested in getting too active in spending a lot of money in discount.
Howard Willard: Sure. Yeah. I don't think we've gotten any indication that directly as a result of the leadership change that there is going to be significant change in the issues and the view of FDA on those issues. I think that the nicotine issue and the menthol issue, I think from my expectation, are expected to be resolved and with us for quite some time period of years. And so I think we're in early days on that, and I wouldn't expect this change is going to have a big change there. I would be surprised given where we are in the iQOS application process, which is I think we're near the end, if there were any changes that occurred there. And then, I think that this is favorable in my view. I think there's been pretty clear communication that under the new acting FDA Commissioner, there's going to be a focus driving down youth use of e-vapor products, and I think that's a positive.
Howard Willard: Sure. With regard to the services that we provide Juul, we are in the early stages of that, although we did provide some in the first quarter. I think you'll see that pick up pace more in the second and third quarter of this year. Probably the service that is most highly visible that we offered in the first quarter, we had established innovative tobacco products space in a number of retailers across the country that we were going to use for our MarkTen e-vapor products. Typically that is space that is visible by the consumer. Oftentimes it includes the header position. And we transferred that space that we were going to use for MarkTen over to Juul. And already in March, there were thousands of stores that were converting that space to the Juul product, and I would expect that will continue into the second quarter. With regard to questions around HSR, I don't know that -- there's any specific questions that I would call out. I just think that as is typical in these cases, we address the number of questions in the first round. They had some follow-up questions, and that just means that we end up in a longer period of time for them to make their decision. As I indicated in the remarks, we continue to be confident about its ultimate approval.
Howard Willard: Sure. As you know we recently closed the deal with Cronos. And through our board representation, we are significantly exposed to their ideas and obviously provide them with ideas on how to further grow their business in the future. And I think you are right to point out the fact that the cannabis space is quite lively these days with a variety of companies that are making strategic moves. And we've, obviously, been thinking quite proactively on our own and are now thinking with Cronos, which strategic moves make sense over the next year. I don't have anything to talk about today but our intention in making the investment into Cronos and capitalizing them quite competitively versus the other cannabis companies in this space was really designed to enable them to make the moves that are necessary to build out our leadership position. And I imagine over the next year or two we'll have more to say about that.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think we have not detected any specific impact of Juul on Marlboro. I would say that Juul's growth continues to be more broadly from the cigarette category generally and we haven't seen any specific impact on our brands. And then I would say that with regard to IQOS versus Juul, I think we ultimately believe that the consumer is going to decide, which product most appeals to them. It would not surprise me if some consumers actually engage in trial of both products and then ultimately make a choice between the two or whether or not they want to stay within the cigarette category. And I think our real focus in providing assistance to Juul and also in representing the IQOS brand once it's approved by FDA is to make sure that consumers are aware of the products and the product benefits that the products are distributed in stores where adult cigarette consumer shop, they're aware of the brand that it's in stock to make up promotional offers on it. And then I think ultimately the consumers are going to make their product choice.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think to start off; we continue to strongly believe that we can deliver on our EPS guidance this year of 4% to 7% EPS growth. And we continue to be confident about our ability to deliver over the long-term against our 7% to 9% adjusted EPS growth. And I think we communicated on the call here, our expectation for the range of industry cigarette volume declines. I think you're asking a hypothetical question, which is related to well if it turns out that there are conditions in the marketplace because our estimate for category declines to be lower than actually occurs, do we feel -- still feel confident in our 7% to 9% EPS growth. And I have to say that while we continue to believe that our estimate is our best view on what the next five years will bring, if there is further movement around in the category that drives cigarettes' volume declined higher, I'd still have confidence that we can deliver against our 7% to 9% EPS growth over the long-term. You are right to point out that in this year; we don't have an income stream of any significance coming from Juul. But given the growth we expect in the e-vapor category and the growth we expect from Juul this year, I would expect that by next year and the year after if in fact there is any acceleration in the cigarette category decline rates that we will have an income offset to any impact that would have on us related to income coming from Juul. That was part of the logic of the investments, because while we think we have a pretty good handle on what's going to happen over the next five years, if there was any variation in that we felt strongly that we wanted to have a position in the leading fast growing and in the near future highly profitable e-vapor player in the U.S. And I have to tell you, I also believe that we have a very resilient profit generator in the cigarette and smokeless businesses that we have and we have a number of additional levers to pull to help drive EPS growth. So we continue to be – frankly, we continue to believe that the year -- the next five years is unfolding much the way we expected when we put together our analysis three or four months ago. And if there were changes in the future, we feel like our platform gives us a number of options to continue to deliver both our 7% to 9% long-term EPS growth and the 80% of that cash back for the shareholders in the form of dividends.
Howard Willard: Yes. I think it's hard to predict how long this HSR process might take. And I think that given that it's going to be some time that we'll be interacting with them to answer your questions and given the fact that we're going to be on a one-quarter lag. I think there's a question is to whether that would start to flow this year or whether it's likely to flow in early next year.
Howard Willard: Yes. That was our original assumptions and we communicated that at the beginning of the year that our guidance for this year really didn't include any material income contribution from either Cronos or Juul.
Howard Willard: And that was the assumption in our guidance and of course it turns out that -- because of the regulatory action that's highly likely to be the outcome.
Howard Willard: Sure. I think based on our dialogue with our advisers, I think the FTC tends to make a decision based on its own analysis and apply it against the rules that its focus is on discharging. So I don't find that there's a whole lot of influence from one agency to the other. And I think ultimately, we're going to answer the questions for the FTC, and we expect them to act based on the rules that they normally use. With regard to our dialogue with FDA, I would say that most of the dialogue we've had with FDA, and most of the interaction with FDA around Juul really starting in October has really been focused on FDA is concerned about youth usage of e-vapor products, and their encouragement of us in Juul to take actions that might help reduce youth usage of e-vapor products. And I have to tell you that, we feel like we've taken significant actions, and frankly that Juul and I have been on the leading edge of really proactively addressing that issue. In the case of Juul, they removed their flavored products for mainstream retail outlets and you saw some impact, I think of that action in the first quarter because there was a sequential slowdown in growth overall of the category. And I think that that is going to take I think some of the pressure off on youth usage of the products just because the category slowdown is likely to have an impact there. And I think in the short run, it is prudent to take steps even though they may impact adult cigarette smokers, if that can really help have a positive impact on driving down youth rates. And then we also talked about what I think has been quite a gratifying pick-up in the pace moving the minimum age to purchase to 21. When we first had a dialogue with the FDA in October of last year, we expressed to them that we were committed to raising the minimum age to purchase to 21 at the Federal level. We continue to always believe that Federal activity on something like that makes it easier for retailers to manage that enforce that. But following further communication from the FDA, we concluded that doing at it both the Federal and State level was going to get quicker action. And that was accurate, we've already had a number of bills passed. And then I'm also pleased to see that not only is it moving in a number of States, but it's now moving at the Federal level. So I have to tell you, I'm quite gratified that we could see significantly more action, and significantly more population centers in the U.S. towards raising that age to 21. And we think that's probably the most important thing combined with effective enforcement to drive down youth usage of e-vapor products and really all tobacco products.
Howard Willard: Yes. I might point out that while it's certainly a good first quarter for smokeless, the profit growth is quite similar to the full year performance last year. And so I think that that's a business that they will be able to generate the kind of profit growth on a pretty regular basis. I think with regard to interaction between smokeless and e-vapor, I think the relationship is a little bit complicated and that you will recall five years or six years ago, you had an e-vapor category that was not growing much at all, and you had a smokeless category that was growing in volume terms 5% a year. I think that was really driven by the fact that at that time smokeless was the primary place at that a lot of cigarette smokers were moving when looking to an alternative to cigarettes. I think the step-down in the growth in the smokeless category is not so much driven by smokeless consumers switching to e-vapor, it's driven by the fact that a lot of the cigarette smokers that were switching to smokeless and driving its growth have stopped switching to smokeless. And they're more attracted to e-vapor. And that is resulted in the last two or three years of a category that's more flat to slightly down. And at least until we see some change in cigarette smoker interest in e-vapor, I think we think this is probably a range the smokeless category will be in. Although, it's -- you're right to point out the fact that even with that kind of volume performance, it has high profit growth.
Howard Willard: Sure. You are right to point that out. While the modern oral category is small in the U.S. today, it has certainly generated a lot of interests and I know there is further product expansion that is planned. While we are the leader in the smokeless tobacco category, we do not currently have a product in the market that participates in that modern oral. But the potential there is not lost on us. And that's an area that we've got some work underway. I don't have anything to share with you today, but I do think if you think over the next five or 10 years that could be an interesting sector.
Howard Willard: I think for clarity from FDA on exactly which cigars would be impacted by the action they've propose in the preliminary rule. And I expect that based on the high volume of comments they're going to get they'll provide that greater clarity as they think about moving on to the final rule.
Howard Willard: I would not subscribe to the theory that Juul is a better fit for some markets and that iQOS is a better fit for others. I have to tell you that we believe that both Juul and iQOS can generate quite nice consumer interest here in the U.S. And I also believe that the iQOS product is quite satisfying on both the nicotine and the taste basis for a large number of consumers that smoke traditional U.S. cigarettes. I think that the difference between a consumer picking a Juul or an iQOS is more likely to be related to other factors that differentiate the products whether it's the form factor whether it's the taste. And I think ultimately there's room for both products to be quite successful here in the U.S.
Howard Willard: Sure. You are right that if you go back over the last five years, price realization has typically been between 4% and 6%. And I wouldn't draw any conclusion for the year based on the first quarter, but certainly last year it was on the higher end and above that range. I think that part of the way I might explain that is I don't know that we have not we don't have a specific target in any given year on price realization, but we are guided by the fact that we're trying to maximize profitability in our cigarette business. And beyond list price in a favorable economic environment with much better tools for tuning the effectiveness of our promotions, I think we are getting better and better every year at how to effectively spend our promotional dollars to effectively get into the consumers that need it. And frankly to trim it with consumers that don't. And we're getting more precise at doing that on a per packing basis at below the state level and certainly on a one-to-one basis. So you have not only list prices, but you have promotional efficiency. And then, of course, you're also pointing out that with a program like Marlboro Rewards where we're strengthening the equity and maybe without using price as a tool increasing consumer loyalty, I think that gives us more flexibility on driving profitability across the brand. So, I would say that the tools we have to manage the profitability of that brand have gotten much more sophisticated over the last three or four years.
Howard Willard: Yes, I can certainly do that. What we found was that there was really no disruption in product availability for consumers. And I think it's really driven by the fact that most tobacco consumers already have a number of places that they shop where they can purchase their tobacco products and if they have a primary place that ultimately stops providing those tobacco products, they very easily shift to either another store they're ready going to or to a store down the street or around the corner. And what we found in the last phase was that -- and I know it's the same in this period, it is not like the availability of tobacco products is such that if you have a chain that pulls out, somebody's got to drive a great distance, the availability is quite significant and people just adjust. I will say the benefit is that you may be aware that convenience stores have been going there share of tobacco sales quite nicely up until a couple of years ago when some of that growth in the convenience store trade slowed down a bit I think partially through the advent of dollar stores. And frankly as some trade classes and some retailers have pulled out, it's actually brought a bit of a return to growing share to the retailers that are committed to the category and I know that it's a benefit for them.
Howard Willard: Sure. Based on the data we have available to us today, we're comfortable with our 4% to 5% forecast for this year and over the next five years. But you are right to point out that there are a number of other variables that are influencing the decline rate in the cigarette category today compared to three or four years ago. And frankly that is why we took the step at the end of last year in providing you with both guidance and more detail on how we get to that guidance for the decline rate because it is a -- I believe it's going to be a noisier environment for measuring that. And I think our commitment to our investors is that as we get new information we will apply that to our forecast methodology and to the approaches that we've used to forecast and if there's any adjustments we will make them. I will raise one that I don't think causes us to -- need to make an adjustment over the long-term decline rate forecast we made of 4% to 5%. But that if we get more experience with it and if we continue to make progress, it could be something we'll be discussing probably next year which is the impact of the increased age to purchase to 21. And as I hopefully will we end up with the federal statute that essentially raises it nationwide, there is 2% of cigarette volume today that is in that legal age to 20 segment. I don't think there's evidence yet that we're going to get to a uniform national standard that ought to be factored in. But if we make progress on that, I do imagine we'll be talking about what impact that might have. And we don't have a lot of experience with that. I don't think that it's going to suddenly just happen in one quarter, but it could be an influence over two years or three years. And I think as we learn about that, we would obviously make any adjustments. I have to tell you that 4% to 5% decline over a period of five years gives us a lot of opportunity to absorb that. But it is clearly a time when there are more variables that we're moving around a bit more.
Howard Willard: Yes, I don't think that the results we got in the first quarter were much of a surprise to us. I think that the withdrawal of flavors I think we knew was going to have an impact. And frankly I think that we do think that it's likely to have some help on driving down youth vaping, so I think we thought that impact was worth it. Frankly, I wasn't surprised by the results. And I was quite -- I think I was quite pleased by the fact that the Juul in the first quarter even though the category growth slowed down that it helped share. And I think it's performing quite nicely.
Howard Willard: …first quarter of 2018 to first quarter of 2019. And we've got the volume for the overall e-vapor category we colored in Juul's performance.
Howard Willard: Yeah. The category overall on a year-over-year basis has had quite nice growth. But it has slowed down. You'll notice the slowdown really started in the fourth quarter which is when flavors were first withdrawn. And then, it slowed down even more in the first quarter. And we don't -- we didn't provide a specific number on Juul. But as you can see from the chart Juul continued to perform quite nicely and really represented on a year-over-year basis the growth of the category.
Howard Willard: Yes. We -- So I think the way I would phrase it is that Juul like the other operating companies at Altria can access -- or can provide offers to customers that are on the adult tobacco consumer database. The actual planning of those offers and the sequencing of them across our companies including Juul and the execution of them comes through Altria personnel that are in our marketing services organization. But you are right, that that marketing services organization has added Juul to the roster of companies that can procure those services from them. And it is both direct-mail communication and it's also onserts. You are also right, that there's been relatively light activity in the first quarter and I would expect to see more activity in quarters two, three and four and that will be both direct-mail drops and inserts in the product. And of course we always manage, particularly with regard to the database we always manage the sequencing and the amount of mail that we send to consumers on the database. So Juul will be sequenced and with offers from our other tobacco brands.
Howard Willard: Yeah. I would say, through our Board observer, our Board observer has access to the communications that they share with the Board members. And then, at quarter end, our Investor Relations group as a relationship with Juul where they discuss Juul's performance for the quarter and they discuss what information we will share. So we do not have a kind of a real-time sharing relationship. That is driven by the fact that we haven't got an HSR approval and it probably wouldn't be appropriate.
Billy Gifford: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. I think it's important to remember, over a shorter period things will fluctuate. There was nothing there from a competitive standpoint that would show that we have concern about. Of course, the tobacco category is always competitive. But if I put it in a band, I'd put it kind of at the midpoint of our band, and so nothing of concern.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. I think when you think about wholesale inventory, it's always important to put it over a long period of time. You'll see fluctuations in a short period, and what we refer to is that they tend to balance out over the longer period. I think when you think about wholesale inventory and trade inventories in total, you'll see the number of different reasons why the inventories fluctuate based on how they manage their inventories. Sometimes it's seasonality. Sometimes it's when their year-end occurs. And the other is around price increases. And so when you look at the price increase that took place our price increase this year, it took place earlier in the quarter than last year. And so you'll typically see that wholesale inventory tends to de-load after a price increase. Well, because it happened earlier this year, they were able to -- what we anticipated is that they were able to de-load their inventory all within the quarter where last year it lapped first and second quarter.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. From a standpoint in the first in Marlboro, Smooth Ice and Nat's, they really aren't replacing anything on the back-bar. We have a great sales force that knows what's relevant to the consumers in their area, and so they really work with the retailers in our display space to display those brands that those consumers are interested in. As far as the innovative space, it's really limited to the removal of our brands in the marketplace in e-vapor and the replacement of that by Juul in those stores where they bought that space from us.
Billy Gifford: I think when you think about it Michael, across inventories, they really do look at it through time and think about the various categories individually. I think we have seen a benefit to out of stocks on Juul product with some of our services we provided. So I would say better inventory practices in the e-vapor space related to Juul, but no material impact from the other categories.
Billy Gifford: That is when our shares move from economic or nonvoting to voting. And remember, we talked about with the Juul, we would be a one quarter lag similar to the way we are with AB InBev. So taking that into consideration it'll depend on when HSR approval comes through.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I think you touched on it the two most important especially on the short-term period like a quarter. But certainly as we progress through the year and the cost reductions ramp-up the savings associated with those certainly cost will be a factor as well.
Billy Gifford: I think you are but I wouldn't go to a short-term period Vivien. You remember as were progressing through 2018 e-vapor was ramping-up throughout the year. And so whenever you take off the -- in a trailing 12-month, whenever you take off the first three months of course the all of those months that it's increasing through carry a heavier weight. But I think the logic you're applying to it is correct.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I tried to follow exactly what you were saying there Vivien. I think when you think about it this trailing 12-month is really just designed to kind of say look we did a long period of data to be able to break it down to these specific buckets. Then when you take out those first three months, which would have been the first quarter of the previous year when volume is ramping through the year as we talked about previously the 15% to 20% e-vapor growth across that 5-year period on the CAGR of course it's going to grow faster in the earlier period because the base is strong. So just math would say that it's -- from a CAGR standpoint it'll slow down in the later years just because the base is growing. We feel like with the 4% to 5% it's important to remember you've got to look over in the long period. I think sometimes we tend to get wrapped up in the quarter. So just for instance last year right, first quarter cigarette industry volume is down 5.5% and we ended the year at 4.5%. So sometimes we take a quarter and try to project it out as if that's the exact way that whole year is going to play out versus allowing time to pass.
Billy Gifford: Remember Vivien, when we put out a range, it's going -- each one of these is going to have a magnitude of range around it. And so we are trying to provide and be as transparent as we can in the 4% to 5%. I hate to start now saying, let's take the pieces and give the guidance on the pieces, I'd rather stick to the 4% to 5%. But know that each of these pieces have a range around them that are incorporated in the total 4% to 5% that we're providing.
Billy Gifford: Yes. I can't think of anything that I would call out. I would agree with you it's certainly an exceptional quarter for the -- that segment, and then specifically our business. I think we tried to highlight in the remarks that Copenhagen is the growth engine there. The dippers really like Copenhagen and they want to engage with that brand, and we're doing everything to reinforce that with them.
Billy Gifford: Yeah. I don't have a specific answer for you as far as a percentage. I think if you think about a lot of our products similar to -- the way we treated cigarettes and smokeless a significant amount of our SKU is currently in the marketplace are not grandfathered. Meaning, we had made changes however, they are considered more of the transitional products. So we're evaluating that bases on the proposed rules and you can certainly see all the remarks we made related to the current proposed rule. And so we'll have to see how -- if the FDA moves forward and how they move forward and any changes to the rule. And then we'll have a more specific percentage for you.
