Martin Barrington: Yes. Look, it’s been widely covered and analyzed, and I agree with much of what has been written about it. Chris, I think the best way to see it is it’s an important step forward in the process that’s required to get an MRTP approval, which we continue to believe will be the case. I thought that the teams who presented did an amazingly good job of presenting the science and the evidence and in responding to questions. I thought it was extremely important that the TPSAC was convinced, very thoroughly convinced obviously, that iQOS significantly reduces exposure to constituents of concern, so we’re looking forward to continuing to work with PMI and the FDA on that. Our view is that it had, if anything, a positive effect on the PMTA application.
Martin Barrington: It’s both. We tried to articulate it both in the release and then in our remarks, Chris, but I can try to give you an inflection point of two if it will help, within the bounds of trying to be wise about competition. We have several areas that we’ve called out, so if you look at innovative products, which is obviously a significant step forward for us, we have investments in there for the iQOS launch - that’s our plan, we expect to get that approval, and so we’ve put investment there. We’re going to expand MarkTen Elite, which is a pod-based product, and there’s going to be investment there. You’ll remember from the investment day, for example, that Brian Quigley was talking about an expansion of our Verve product, and all of that of course has to be supported by regulatory science, so those of you who watched the TPSAC I think now understand the importance of having very good science done and good clinical trials, and that all takes investment. In the core, what we’re trying to do is make sure that the long-term equity of our brands is strong. That’s why we have the successful business we have, so whether it’s the national expansion of Marlboro Ice or what I described in the remarks around Benson & Hedges or improving our digital platform, those are all areas that we invest in but we now have some benefits from the tax reform, so it’s a good year to make those further investments because they will pay long-term returns for shareholders.  So I don’t want to get into numbers, as you can appreciate, Chris, but those are the areas we’re thinking about.
Martin Barrington: Sure. I think your description is a good one about the investments, which is that it’s going to be equity and innovation-driven. Our strategy continues to be to maximize income in the smokable segment while maintaining momentum. Momentum is best measured over time, I think, and it’s best measured over multiple metrics. Share is one, and it’s important, but it’s not the only one, so I won’t reprise this in full because I know you know it, but when we look at it, it’s equity, it’s demographics and its profitability. Marlboro is in really good shape, but you heard me call out unique challenges. When California, a market of that size has a $2 per pack SET increase all at once, it disrupted the market there. The good news is that in the fourth quarter, Marlboro’s share stabilized in California, so we’re hopefully now in the section where we can reset from that base.  What we’re trying to do is stabilize Marlboro share, which I believe the team has excellent plans to do, and some of the remarks we’ve already made about that. That’s the objective, but it’s always done within the context of the strategy, which is to maximize income. So it’s about equity, it’s about innovation. Of course you have to compete, but we’re mindful of how the category operates for us.
Martin Barrington: Well, I’m not going to tear its constituent parts apart, as you can appreciate, but I think the best evidence of what we would have done absent the tax reform is what we have done, which is we have grown at about an 8% adjusted EPS growth rate through thick and thin. We obviously have the benefit of the tax reform, but what we’ve tried to do is to be thoughtful about it so that we can make the investments that are appropriate for the long term, reward shareholders--my goodness, 15 to 19% guidance at the adjusted EPS line, and remember Judy, it’s off a higher base of 339, so we think that’s the right thing to do. There will be some variability at the operating company income line because we make investments, and as you know, depending upon when they hit and the timing of each quarter, what I would suggest to investors is they just look past that because we continue to have strong operating companies that are consistent in their strategies, and we’re guiding to 15 to 19% EPS growth. Then even though we don’t guide past ’18, we knew there would be interest in understanding what might happen in ’19 and ’20, and that’s why we made the comment we did about we would expect to moderate the investments after that, so investors should expect that as well. I hope that’s helpful to you, but I don’t want to tear apart the adjusted guidance.
Martin Barrington: Okay, let me take the first one then, Adam. I think when you are declining throughout 2017, the first order of business is to get it stabilized, so I think that’s the sensible thing to do. The way that we’re going to do that is through equity investments and other means that I’ve already described, so I won’t repeat that. I also think that it is helpful for people to remember that share is one of four measures that we use to measure the brand health, and so that’s another way to answer Judy’s question, which is how is Marlboro’s equity, how are its demographics, what is the profitability that it generates? So those are good metrics, along with share, I think, to gauge the brand health. I won’t repeat again to you what you already know, which is those metrics are all very quite strong. We had a unique year with the share and we’re addressing it.
Martin Barrington: Well let me take the second part first. It’s early, as you know, and I think you had a discussion with us at investor day about that. We continue to work through the effects of California, is the honest answer on the share question, and remember we’ve got a quarter to go to lap it in 2018. But again, I’d encourage people to think about this over the long term. Again, I looked back over the last six years - on average, we gained about a tenth. In some years it went up a lot, and then the questions were about are you overheating Marlboro, and now it’s going down because of California and people get concerned about it. The brand health is strong, we have excellent new innovation that we’re bringing to the brand. I think the team has very good plans for 2018, and that’s how we’re thinking about it, and I think we’re going to have a strong year in 2018.
Martin Barrington: Yes, so on the timing, I wish I could give you more but it’s kind of a process that’s within FDA, so I really don’t have an insight to share with you on that other than the nominal timeline that’s in the statute, and of course the activity that FDA has undertaken on it. I mentioned to another caller that we came away from the TPSAC believing that the team did an excellent job of presenting the case for the MRTP, and we remain very optimistic about that. I don’t think any damage was done at all to the PMTA - if anything, I mean, the TPSAC panel, which is after all an advisory panel, concluded that it reduced exposure relative to conventional cigarettes, and I would think that’s an important thing that FDA will take into account in looking at the PMTA application.
Martin Barrington: Sure. I’ll give you the headline, then I’ll give you ledger. The headline is I think we’re net positive, okay? There are a number of continuing positive factors for our consumer. You know what they are, of course - low unemployment, high consumer confidence including for our consumer. We do see some wage gains starting to flow through, including with some minimum wage increases. Housing starts remain pretty stable, indeed maybe up a tick, and it could be that tax reform will help our consumer - we certainly are hoping so. So I think those are all strong drivers. There are a few things that we watch. Naturally, we watch the excise tax environment. We’re watching c-store trends and we’re watching gas prices, so we do this every month and we look at all of those, but where we are right now, I think it’s net positive. We’re a long way into an economic uptick, but net-net I think we’re pretty positive on the consumer.
Martin Barrington: I think I’ll stick to what I said so I don’t trip a wire here about guiding beyond the year in which we’re guiding. I really have given you about as much as we can say about that without going astray there. What we’re trying to communicate is because of the significant effect of tax reform, how we are thinking about it, not just for ’18 but for ’19 and ’20, but I don’t want to guide for ’19 or ’20. You just have to indulge me, Vivien, I’m sorry.
Martin Barrington: Sure. We have some internal models on that, but I do think it’s a fair conclusion that you do have movement between--you know, when an adult tobacco consumer is poly-using products. I think the--you know, we estimate the category growth in smokeless on a six-month trailing basis, it’s kind of flattish. It’s probably due to two principal things. The first is price effects - there has been some pricing, including from excise taxes, and interplay between the categories, and I would call out in particular vapor. We’ve seen this once before and it looks to us like there may be some interplay between cigarette smokers, for example, who may be going to vapor instead of to smokeless.  That said, when I look at how UST did in a year with flattish volumes for the industry, it’s ability to grow more than 11% and to keep Copenhagen growing despite a recall on top, that was really a testament to the job they did, and I commend the UST team.
Martin Barrington: I don’t know. You know, we can only look at the data that we have, and we try to do it over a six-month basis, Vivien, because there’s a lot movement up and down that distorts the numbers. But for the last six-month period it was flattish. I can’t recall what it was on the last call, but it was in that range, I believe, so I can’t predict what it’s going to be but we’re watching it carefully, because there is a lot of movement, I think, with the consumer within the categories.
Martin Barrington: Sure. Well, ’17 was lively, I would say, on the competitive front. We had a lot of product expansions by competitors, including on multiple SKUs. Some of them were regional. I think that’s actually good insight into how the category is working increasingly, which is we tend to talk about all the national numbers but we do see regional activity, and we see some activity, for example, in chains. A few chains have gotten behind some discount products and that puts pressure on everybody’s brand, including ours, but you don’t really see it affecting us - the discount, that is - at the national level. Certainly in the southeast we have some areas where there are products that are very significantly priced below our products, and that puts pressure on everybody’s product.  So I would say that it’s always competitive in our industry, and ’17 was no different. It may have been on the high end of what we’ve observed over the last couple of years. 
Martin Barrington: Yes, it’s been very good. I mentioned I think in the remarks, Russ, that we’re now in 25,000 stores, and I think the consumer has reacted very well to the product and we like what we see with MarkTen Bold. 
Martin Barrington: I think that’s a good question. I think we learn every time we go there, and I think you and I may even have discussed our presence during the Swedish match hearings and what we learned from that. Look, I think one takeaway is that the preparation really matters, and I thought that the teams were outstanding in that regard. I thought that they had complete mastery of the subject matter, they answered every question, I thought, very fully, but you can see the rigor that’s going to be applied. That’s probably the second insight, which is it is in the statute that these products should be approved. I continue to believe they are going to be approved, but there’s no question that the applicant has to carry that burden, and that’s how we’re preparing our applications because we want to get the products approved. I think it’s also useful to observe that there are TPSAC members and then the FDA itself, which will ultimately make the decision about whether it should be approved. I think that’s another insight about the meeting dynamic that one can learn from, because after all it is FDA that’s going to decide. But I think those are the insights, which is you need to have the science work done, you need to have a really good team that’s going to present it, you need to anticipate the questions that will come, and then you really have to make the case for your product. I continue to believe that’s going to happen, and that’s certainly what we’re working towards.
Martin Barrington: Well, it’s really the reallocation, I would say, rather than pulling back. Matt, it really is true that these things flow in and out of quarters and it’s really hard to extrapolate from that, but I’ll try to help you by referring to the full year numbers. So when I look at the smokable business, which again had the share challenge, we’ve got income growing at about 7%, above $8.5 billion. We’ve got good margin expansion of 3 percentage points to 51%. The volume hit us because obviously with a 4% industry decline and the share challenge, we took more of a volume decline than we would have liked, and we’ve already talked about Marlboro. So I’ve got net pricing for the year at about 5.9%. I would say that’s within the range, but it’s probably at the higher end of the range. The other thing I’d say about ’18, which may help, is PM USA has one more shipping day in ’18 than we had in ’17, so that’s how we look at it. I think they had a terrific year - not without its challenges, but in a segment that you run for income, I thought that they really did a good job.
Martin Barrington: No, it’s going to have a mainline price, although we obviously will have offers to try to incent trial from competitive smokers.
Martin Barrington: Well, I think there will be puts and takes. We have scenarios that we’ve built depending upon what happens in the lead market. Obviously if iQOS is a big hit, as we believe and hope it will be, we will expand it and scale it up and there will be costs associated with doing that. Most of the science work, I guess, would have been done on the PMTA under that scenario, but to the extent that further work needs to be done on the MRTP, we’ll just have to see how that goes. This is the dilemma for us - we try to help you all with your modeling, but for us to tell you all the puts and takes would be to tell you something that we don’t know until we see the year, so I’m trying to be careful about that. 
Martin Barrington: Correct. We’re always investing in the equity of those brands, that’s right. I think the way to think about it--
Martin Barrington: That’s all right. I think I have the thrust of your question, but if I don’t, ask me again. I think what you’re really asking is what’s the portfolio strategy there, and we’ve spoken about this in the past and it hasn’t changed. What we’re trying to do is to unleash Copenhagen because it wants to grow, it’s a terrific brand, and it’s the aspirational brand in the category. We do have a brand that has large share in Skoal, and it has a role to play in the portfolio particularly with respect to appealing to adult smokers who may want to come into dipping, and that’s why it has snus, for example, and blends. But what we’re trying to do is to increase the profitability of the overall portfolio, and we are doing that by changing the promotional mix on Skoal. So when you put those two constituent parts together, that’s why you produce a year, for example, where you have income growth of greater than 11%. It’s because Copenhagen is growing and because Skoal is more profitable.
Martin Barrington: It did - it grew half a share point for the year, so that’s why we try not to get too bound up in the quarter. 
Adam Spielman: Just very quick to you, there was a question that Judy asked that didn’t get answered, which is an interesting one. It’s how we should judge the success or not of the investments. I suppose one way of thinking about that is in terms of Marlboro market share. You’ve used the term stabilize, and I guess the question is if at the end of 2018 you had the same market share as you had in 4Q17, that to my mind would be stabilized, but I would have thought you want to see it sort of pull up towards the high 43s as opposed to just staying at around 43%. I guess that’s one question, and I do have a completely separate follow-up question on the tax.
Adam Spielman: That’s fair enough. Then turning to the tax, obviously the national tax rate has gone to 21%. You’re suggesting you’re going to have a tax rate of 23 to 24. I was just wondering if you could highlight why--you know, what the difference is between that 21% national rate and the 23, 24 that you expect to have.
Adam Spielman: Well, thank you! Thinking more about Marlboro, but I’d just like to return to the smokeless. If you think about Skoal and Cope sort of together, obviously your market share was down for the full year 90 basis points, partly due to the recall. It was down a bit more than that in 4Q, and you said--for Marlboro, you said the first order was to stabilize market share, but if we think of these two brands together, Cope and Skoal, how in broad terms do you think we should think about it playing out, because I guess there will also be some equity investments in those if I’m not wrong.
Adam Spielman: But when I look at the 4Q market share for Cope, I mean, I understand the point about Skoal, but it was flat, and presumably you’d like it to grow, not be flat. 
