George Kurtz: Yes, great, Saket. Thanks for the question. It’s not displacing anything because nothing else exists. And that was one of the things that we really got ahead of with our Preempt acquisition well before anyone else in the market. And when we think about the sort of attacks that are out there, 80% of the attacks leverage compromised identities and lateral movement, which is a big part of how breaches occur. So when we think about our identity module, which is baked into our agent, single agent, it’s much differentiated from everything else that’s out there. It works with Active Directory and Azure AD. It’s been a real game changer for customers. And I continue to see customer feedback even during the proof of value stage that they have never seen this level of visibility in their identity and Active Directory infrastructure and they continue to find many, many weaknesses. So to me, it’s a real game changer and I think it can be as big as XDR and it’s going to be a core module going forward.
George Kurtz: Well, I think it goes to the durability of security and the business model that we’ve built and certainly the platform play. And I think if you’re a point product, your comments will resonate. I think when you look at a true platform like CrowdStrike, the conversations that we are having, and I’ve had many of them with CIOs, Board members, CEOs over the last quarter – couple of quarters, and it really was about how do we do more with CrowdStrike, we want to consolidate. So we didn’t necessarily see them freezing. We saw them thinking about how they could spend more with CrowdStrike and reduce their overall spend in security. And as we’ve talked about before, we spend a lot of time in value selling and something we call our business value assessment where we actually compute an ROI, which typically is 150% within the first year. So that’s the kind of strategic conversations that we’re having up and down the stack. And then when you think about the macro environment, people don’t want to add heads. Falcon Complete is a game changer for them. They couldn’t do what we do for the price that we charge. I mean they need an army of internal people to try to do what we do, and it’s just not possible with the level of expertise. So we look at the macros and opportunity at CrowdStrike to further consolidate in our customer base.
George Kurtz: Sure. I think now is the time given the current macro. And when we think about platform plays, we’re both probably showing our age, but there aren’t a whole bunch of platform plays out there in security, and I think that’s one of the things that we’ve really focused on from a CrowdStrike perspective, to be that foundational cloud platform that you think about in other spaces. So now that a true platform company is out there covering 22 modules, it really is the perfect opportunity with the current macro backdrop. And it certainly has stimulated the conversations in our ability to reduce costs and complexity for large and small companies. And then when you combine that with a very unique offering again with Falcon Complete, customers are – they are not interested in adding a bunch of heads, right? So they want to take advantage of the offerings that we have in that area where we can do it much more cost effectively and efficient than they ever can with a better outcome. So I think it’s really a combination of a robust platform with many, many modules in multiple categories as well as some of the very unique offerings like Falcon Complete that has really driven the conversation home with customers. Again, better outcome, but we’re having that financial discussion at the right levels with many large and small customers. Thank you, Rob.
George Kurtz: Sure. And I think I’ll start with the latter comments you made. If you look at our gross retention, at a record, if you look at net retention, just how well we’ve done, and obviously, we will put that out at the end of the year, what it means is customers like our technology, they stay with us and they buy more from us. In a market like ours, there is always going to be companies like to compete on price because they are AV only. And I think you’ve got to look at our platform and say, well, you’ve got AV, which is differentiated, but it’s one module. And if companies are trying to compete on price there, at the end of the day, what we’re selling is prevention of breaches, right? It’s not just malware prevention, which we’ve seen a lot of companies, legacy and non-legacy, just try to focus on that. And if that’s where they started as an AV company or next-gen AV, and then it pulls other things on, it really isn’t a true platform. And I think the genius and the beauty of what we built here is probably the most scale way, using cloud architecture on the planet in terms of our ability to ingest, no reboots, you deploy it immediate time to value, and it just works. So even if there was pricing pressure in one module, which we don’t always see, I mean, obviously, there is competition out there, when we put together all of the modules, our ability to consolidate, our TCO play with a real ROI, this is very compelling for customers large and small. So again, there is always been lots of companies in our space. And I think to your point, we’ve proven that while our form factor is agent cloud, we’re doing many more things in a different way that go beyond just traditional endpoint protection.
George Kurtz: Sure. That’s a good question. And I think there is a lot of fud from our competitors out there because they don’t have anything like Falcon Complete, as an example, which is absolutely top of the industry. And when you look at what we’ve done, we try to make it a win-win. You look at a partnership like what we have with Mandiant. Obviously, we’ve got these capabilities in certain areas, but they are leveraging our technology. And that’s the key area. Can they leverage our technology as they bring us into account? Fantastic. We’re happy with that. Or in some managed service providers, they’ll take our offering and then – and kind of rebundle it into a broader offering that might cover network or other areas, and we’re happy with that, too. And as a manufacturer, we are experts in what we do. So we try to make it a win-win, and that’s the reason why our MSSP business has grown so dramatically, a, it’s the best technology, and the rules of engagement have been really important. There are deal edges. We protect the account. And then we also focus on leveraging our services as part of a broader service that an MSSP have – has. And at the end of the day, the numbers don’t lie in terms of our success there. So that’s what we’re focused on, the facts, not the fiction.
George Kurtz: Sure. We’re absolutely excited about Horizon as well as the combination of Cloud Workload Protection, and we think it stacks up very well. And more importantly, where is the differentiation? The differentiation is in things like the ability to actually protect the workload and the infrastructure, right? So you’ve got agentless in Horizon, and you’ve got our Cloud Workload Protection, which we have tremendous capabilities there. This is what customers want. If you look at the pure plays out there, they are just covering agentless. And candidly, that’s the easiest thing to do because you just plug into APIs. We’ve got to build some workflows around it, and there is certainly some good competitors in the market. At the end of the day, it’s really the combination of an agentless on a platform that’s going to give you visibility in the cloud as well as in your hybrid data centers. And that’s what we’re seeing. We continue to add many, many capabilities. We’ve added OverWatch threat hunting for cloud. We’ve got dynamic container analysis and image assessment. So we continue to build in those areas, and we’re seeing a great reception. And I think when you look at our heritage of threat intelligence and things like indicators of attack, a lot of our competitors are just doing sort of policy misconfigurations and not really – they are not really able to understand if they are under attack or where an attack might be possible. And we’ve applied that indicator of attack knowledge from our endpoints into the cloud. So we feel really good about that. Obviously, everyone is in the early innings in the cloud journey, which is exciting because it’s a greenfield opportunity. And we feel like we have got the right products and the right go-to-market motion around it.
George Kurtz: Yes. I think if you look across either geographies or segments, I mean there is nothing that really stands out. It’s really company-dependent and industry-dependent. And again, you would expect an additional level of scrutiny. The beauty is as I called out in the report and the script is the fact the deals that we forecast post close, right? And I think that’s really important when we think about the current macro backdrop. And what we are doing is really, from a sales perspective, make sure we are getting ahead of it, right, through our DVA process, making sure that we have got all of who we need and understand the accounts and who has to sign off because there is additional sign-off that has to happen. So, that’s sort of my commentary on that. I don’t know, Burt, if you want to add to it.
George Kurtz: Yes. Perfect. I will start. When we think about XDR, it’s going very well. And in fact, we have got some, I think great announcements at Falcon. So, we talked about that in our script of making sure that people attend that or even our investor event virtually. So, we continue to build out our alliance. We have actually also partnered with AWS in some of the efforts that they have to standardize on open formats, which I think is good for the industry. We continue to add integrations. And again, when you look at our XDR approach, it starts with the best EDR and our ability to add third-party information into our decision-making. So, so far, so good. I think us included as well as the rest of the industry, it’s still an emerging category and there is a lot of marketing hype around it. And we are focused on delivering the best technology outcome for customers and it really extending that experience that we have with our Insight product, which is, in our opinion, the best EDR in the market and extending that to third-party. So, the workflows are similar and we are looking for additional detections that are outside of just the endpoint domain. So, that’s a little bit about XDR.
George Kurtz: Well, a good question, and I will reiterate again as I do I think on every call that we partnered with Ping and Okta and others, right. And our identity product is really specific to the endpoints and active directory in terms of identity threat protection and detection. So, we continue to work with them. And I think when you look at the environment today, there is just a continued demand for having a handle on identity. And we are one piece of it on the endpoints of servers and the direct restructures. And there is other players in the market that handle identity access brokering, etcetera. So, from our standpoint, we, as I reiterated, continue to see very, very strong demand with a very differentiated technology. As you pointed out, 100% quarter-over-quarter growth. New logo attach rate tripled quarter-over-quarter. And the answer is why it gets back to the architecture, the single lightweight agent, very easy for us to activate it, very easy for us to activate it at scale and trials. And a lot of times, what we will see is when there is high threat environments, customers will activate and get immediate value, and then we can convert them over into paying customers. So, again, this is, I think going to be a standout for us, a, in terms of the acquisition we did and also in terms of the integration and our ability to go to market with it.
George Kurtz: Great. Thank you. Well, I certainly want to thank all of you for your time today. We appreciate your interest and look forward to seeing you in person at our upcoming Falcon conference and our Investor Day via webcast. Thank you so much. And that concludes the call.
Burt Podbere: Hi, Andy, it’s Burt. Thanks for the question. So first and foremost, we’re very pleased with the net new logo count of 1,741, a new record for us. And we’re pleased with what we’ve seen in the makeup of the 1,741 new logos. I think that when we go through the various details with respect to the new logos, we found that, hey, we got new logos coming in from large companies. We have new logos coming in from smaller companies. And as typical, the velocity is driven more by mid-market and SMB. It’s also worthy to note that we do have a very strong MSSP business. We talked about the fact that it’s grown 150% year-over-year, and that is not reflected in the 1,741 in terms of net new logos. So overall, we are very pleased with the Q2 performance. We think that we have great opportunities to go after new logos and to continue to gain new business, especially when you think of the backdrop in terms of what’s available to us, sure, just under 20,000 logos to date. That’s great, and we’re very pleased about that, but when you think about the overall market that’s available to us that’s a very small number. And so we think that we’re still in the very early innings in terms of net new logos that we can go after.
Burt Podbere: Hi, this is Burt. So great question. So when we think about the module, that has been doing really well. We go back to the April 7 webinar when we talked about the hyper growth modules, and these are modules that have year-over-year growth rates that are significantly higher than the overall customer growth. And we zoom in on a few of them. There are things that we’ve been talking about for a long time like Spotlight. That’s our vulnerability management product module, and that’s gone really well. We think about some of our cloud modules, whether they are our Cloud Workload Protection or Horizon, these are getting traction. But also the Identity Threat Detection. George just talked about it. We’re really excited about how that’s been taken up by not only the existing customer base, but by new customers that are coming in and enjoying all the benefits of attaching themselves to a true cloud-native platform. And so I think that there are a lot of opportunities to go in terms of more module adoption with customers. As you said, we’ve had an uptick on both the 7 plus and 6 plus. And I think that we’re going to continue to see customers come in enjoying all benefits of attaching themselves through the cloud-native platform. And so I think that there are a lot of opportunities to go in terms of more module adoption with customers, as you said we have had enough take on both the 7 plus and 6 plus and I think that we are going to continue see customers come in and land with more modules in the future and certainly as we continue to come out with new modules. So we’re excited about those module adoption rates, and I think they are best in class, and we’re glad to see that we saw the uptick of the – in the 6 and 7. And remember, we got rid of the four category, which is amazing. That was over and above that 70% benchmark. So that was exciting and encouraging just in and of itself. Good question, though. Thank you.
Burt Podbere: Instrument things like Kubernetes clusters when you look at the ability to flow data into something like an Elastic, they are certainly looking for alternatives. And Humio’s flexibility is the fact that it can take data from anywhere, and it can do that ingestion-free. It doesn’t need an index, and it’s very, very efficient from a cost perspective. So we continue to get pulled into security and non-security deals. We had a record Humio quarter with some great wins. We see frustration with incumbent vendors across the SIEM space as well as the observability space. And a lot of times, companies will – they’ll try to roll their own. They’ll go to open source and try to pull in different stacks. And it’s really complex. And they just love the ease of use and the flexibility that Humio provides. So we continue to be extremely bullish on Humio and its various use cases, which are security, non-security-related. And we had some great wins in both SIEM replacement, in log management as well as observability.
Burt Podbere: Yes. Just on the guide, I mean I think we have stuck to our guns. We guide to what we see, not to what we don’t see. And we took an appropriately pragmatic view on the macro. And that’s how we looked at the guide for this year.
Burt Podbere: Yes. I will jump in, George, leaning on the FX question. I think there was nothing material or we would have talked about it. We primarily invoice in U.S. dollars, but we do have expenses incurred in currencies out of the U.S. But on the deal side, it goes back to what George has been talking about. It’s the platform play. It’s lowering TCO. It’s all those things that we are able to bring to bear that nobody else can.
Burt Podbere: Sure. Take a step back and just look at the current quarter. We have outperformed our expectations for, really, the full first half of the year. I am really pleased with our strong start to the year with record pipe. We just posted $218 million in net new ARR, and of course, really pleased about that. And we expect to see a seasonal build throughout the year, albeit less pronounced quarter-to-quarter seasonality in comparison to what we have seen in the prior years. So, that’s how I would frame it.
Burt Podbere: Hey Gregg. Thanks for the question. So, really I think the focus really is on net new. That really – net new ARR, that’s really the one that tells the health of the business as opposed to RPO or as opposed to billings or what have you. And we are excited about the fact that we are going in with a record pipeline. We have just posted the strongest net new ARR quarter in company history. So, I think that when you think about reaching a record $218 million in net new with any outsized deals, you are really showing strong health in the business. And so overall, we are just really pleased with the results. And that’s the metric that we zoom in on. That’s the metric that our whole company is rallying around, and that’s the focus for us.
