George Kurtz: It does, yeah. It's a great question. So, when I look at the market today and I compare that to when I started CrowdStrike in 2011 and really talking to customers in 2012 and 2013 about replacing their legacy AV, it feels like it's the same conversation, just with a different context of replacing their legacy SIEM. What I found, and I tend to like businesses and markets where this is in play, is where the incumbents are entrenched, but have a high degree of dissatisfaction, where the technology is legacy and where the complexity is just high of patching all this stuff together. And in talking to customers, they want better, faster, cheaper, and they want something that works at cloud scale. If you look at what we've done with LogScale, it's a much more modern version of a SIEM, a next-gen SIEM. We got ahead of the curve a couple of years ago when we bought Humio, which is now LogScale, we've now integrated into our platform, and it's extended out our XDR technology and it allows us to do log and SIEM in the same platform. So, from our perspective, the feedback that we've gotten not only from customers but partners like EY, who are building practices around this, this is a massive opportunity for CrowdStrike, and now is the right time for us, given the level of dissatisfaction M&A in the environment and the customer's willingness to look for a much better solution, which also gives us data gravity in the platform.
George Kurtz: Sure. Well, we actually showed our data protection technology at Fal.Con a couple of months ago. We're actively working with some of the largest enterprises in the world to make sure that we account for all their requirements and their ability to actually move off their legacy DLP product. There's not one customer that I've talked to that says they like their DLP product, period. And in today's environment, with data in motion, particularly through cloud services, the ability to actually be able to track from endpoint through cloud where data moves, what type of data is out there, leveraging our AI to understand, is it something that should be moving in certain places is going to be incredibly important. And the way we look at it is the same way we looked at legacy AV. There's a better way to reimagine DLP into Falcon Data Protection, and we're very, very close to being able to release that as we continue to put the fine touches on what customers are looking for and what they're willing to write a check for. So stay tuned, but another massive market opportunity for us.
George Kurtz: Well, coming out of Falcon, I would say that was the number one requested feedback item across all the great announcements that we had. I think it's so overdue in the technology space to be able to unify IT and security. Sometimes the technology isn't the harder part, it's the org structure. So, having a single agent that both security and IT can use, a home for IT, I think is very important. We're actually working with large customers right now, gathering their feedback, and then we'll look to have a product out probably in Q1. But so far the feedback has been amazing in terms of what we've already delivered, and now we're capturing additional capabilities for our first release. So, I think that one has a lot of legs to it, and certainly opens up a massive TAM opportunity for us in IT, well beyond anything in security, given the agent cloud architecture that we built. We've got the real estate and we plan to monetize it.
George Kurtz: Yeah, we certainly had a strong October. I think, as I said in my prepared remarks, the macro environment is still challenging. I mean, make no mistake about that. Deals take longer, a lot more scrutiny, a lot of sign offs, and there's a lot more work that goes into these larger enterprise deals. Getting deals done even like Falcon Flex, which are more enterprise-like in their nature, takes time. So, we had a great October, but in general, buyers are still cautious. And I think the fact that we're able to provide a real platform play that allows them to consolidate in other technologies and ultimately save money accrues values to us, but it certainly takes a lot of time and effort to get the deal over the goal line. But the team did a great job and October was strong for us.
George Kurtz: Yeah, it's really a bright star for us when you look at our CNAPP capabilities of cloud workload protection, CSPM, CIEM, ASPM now with Bionic. We really have, I think one of the most complete cloud security offerings in the industry, and we're winning deals with it. We're leading, in many cases, particularly forward-leaning cloud companies that we're selling to. If you look at the latest threat environment and what's happening and how identities are being abused and two-factor authentication systems being bypassed, those sort of things, it's important to have a full suite of cloud protection. And I think this is sort of the awakening time for that industry and that companies can't just say, hey, we've got something from a cloud provider or we're going to go at it alone. I remember many, many, many years ago, companies didn't run antivirus, right? And you would say that's silly. Today, everybody runs an antivirus-type technology. It wasn't so silly 30, 35-plus years ago. And I think this is kind of the inflection point in the cloud world, where you're going to have multiple levels of protection, both agent and agentless. And the fact that we've been able to harmonize those two together and deliver a very robust agentless technology combined with the best cloud workload protection in the industry gives us a real advantage.
George Kurtz: Well, we saw a very strong SMB segment. We've done a lot of work, A, starting with our partners like Pax8 and others, Dell, in that market. So meeting the customers, where they like to buy is really, really important. And then, coming up with a very innovative and easy-to-use technology designed for the SMB, our latest release of Falcon Go is literally one-click install. And the feedback that we've gotten from customers are like, "Wow, this is the easiest thing I've seen. It just works." And I think you're going to see even more broad adoption because we've made it so easy to install. You don't have to be an IT professional. And then, we've got our partner network that are building services around it. So they're able to generate dollars. We're able to sell our product through their channels where they meet the customers. And I think we've taken a very innovative and effective approach in our partnering strategy. This is something that we've really worked on over the last year, 18 months, and we're bearing the fruit of it right now.
George Kurtz: I think we're looking at it saying, it may not happen, right. So, we're not necessarily counting on that. And if it does happen, fantastic. And you have to again keep in mind that our fiscal year end is the beginning of a new budget cycle as well. So, we have year-end budget if it comes in December and then new budgets in January. But we -- the macro environment, I would say has remained steady. As I said earlier, it's still challenging and we'll see if a budget flush comes, but that's not something that we're counting on.
George Kurtz: Well, we announced our pricing at Fal.Con. That was actually well received with customers. And in terms of the overall used cases, as I've talked about in the past, really it's helping a Tier 1 SOC analyst up level themselves to be a Tier 3, right? It's really driving SOC automation, which is a big focus for us with things like Charlotte and things like Falcon Foundry, how do you drive automation into organizations to give them better outcomes. At the end of the day, they would be willing to pay for something if it's going to save them time or money or make their job easier. And what we've seen in the customers who are using Charlotte right now in its preview mode is, they're able to do things way faster than they ever could and they're able to explore and ask questions that they haven't been able to do in the past, right? It just makes it so easy to have Charlotte gather up all the information and then take an action on their behalf. So, A, the pricing has resonated well with customers. We'll see how it shakes out as we get into full swing of things. But overall, what we've put together and the fact that it isn't an independent chatbot, it's really a foundational platform service that's wired into everything that we do and allows automation through all the modules, I think is a home run for us.
George Kurtz: Well, it's exactly what we're hearing from customers. I was with a customer last night and they were saying, we're so excited for Falcon for IT, because we've got to work. We find the problems, we document them, and then we've got to work with the IT teams to get them fixed, and a lot of times their tooling is well behind what we can do with Falcon, and they sort of end up fixing it themselves with IT because we just have the capabilities to do that. So, to be able to carve out a home for IT and seamlessly help them understand their exposures on their assets that matter and then drive the automation to actually remediate those is incredible. And it goes beyond just kind of simple remediation. If you think about all the internal use cases in HR, an employee might have an issue, they might have to investigate it, they might have to do forensics on systems. Systems are remote all over the world. We've got many, many airlines that use our technology. They don't want to send out an IT person to go fix a kiosk that has a Microsoft blue screen. So what can they do? They can use Falcon for IT to bring it back to health. Tremendous savings in terms of cost and travel and complexity. So this one, I'm really, really excited about. And again, we're working to get all the components of what customers need, at least for this first release. And then, I think sort of the sky is the limit of what we can build out there.
George Kurtz: Great. Well, when we look at the current macro environment, it is stable. But as I talked about in the Q&A and in the prepared remarks, it's still a challenging environment, it takes a lot of effort to get deals done. And again, it depends on the segments. Some segments are going to be a little bit longer in the enterprise and SMB a little bit shorter. But that being said, when we look out and we look at things like our pipeline, we have a record pipeline and we have that because I think we've got the best product suite in the industry. We've got customers that are truly understanding the platform capabilities of what we've built. They're coming to us and saying, "Hey, let's sit down and go through your roadmap and our roadmap and let's figure out what we can consolidate." So, they're coming to us with the openness of wanting to buy more and leveraging things like Falcon Flex to be able to have bigger commits at CrowdStrike, which is important. And overall, it's, as I said, still a tough environment. But I think we've got some key metrics like the pipeline that is encouraging to us. And when you look at LogScale and our cloud business and our identity business, I mean, these are absolutely bright stars across the entire platform. And again, keep in mind, we're not selling individual piece parts. People are buying the platform and that's what's driving the growth.
George Kurtz: Well, when you look at just kind of the data gravity and what customers care about, from a security perspective, I would say 85% of really the value of the data and the data that's generated comes from the endpoint. That really is the richest source of data because that's where it's generated from. As it goes across the network, it gets down-selected and you lose a lot of the fidelity. So, we already have a lot of that data. So let's start there. Then, when you look at LogScale, LogScale is very robust. It has the capabilities to ingest just about any type of third-party data into the product and very effectively without creating an index, which is its unique capabilities, index-free ingestion, which means you get immediate results. So, from a platform perspective, we sort of have the data gravity already. We've got that 85% of the data. So customers would rather give us 15% that we don't have and leverage LogScale to replace their SIEM. And beyond replacing their SIEM, that's the security use case, we have customers -- many, many customers that use it for all kinds of performance management, logging their infrastructure, logging their Kubernetes clusters. So, when you combine the fact that we're coming out with Falcon for IT, now with LogScale, which can log any data above and beyond security, we think that's a much broader opportunity than just SIEM itself. It opens up the entire data architecture of an organization to CrowdStrike.
George Kurtz: Well, thank you. And I first want to close by acknowledging the heroic dedication of our team in Israel, who continue to remain focused on CrowdStrike's mission. Our thoughts are with each and every one of you in these trying times of war. Thanks all of you for your time today. We appreciate your interest and look forward to seeing you at our upcoming investor event and happy holidays.
Burt Podbere: Hey, Matt. Great question. So for us, we are always looking to maximize our growth while at the same time paying attention to the bottom-line. So that's never changed. We are absolutely going to continue to invest in innovation. We got -- we announced so much at our last Fal.Con. We've got a lot of momentum. We're going to continue to invest to continue that momentum. But also at the same time, we recognize that we want to make sure that we're a very well-run company and people are seeing the output of that certainly on this quarter and we don't plan on changing that at all for next year.
Burt Podbere: Thanks, Tal. Good question. I'm going to start with billings. Yeah, you're correct. For us specifically, we don't manage the business to billings and we feel that ARR gives you the absolute best proxy to revenue and we felt that that's the right metric, as you know, since we went public, to give you more transparency into the health of our business. And that's the metric that really guides you on health. With respect to billings ourselves, I mean, we think about billings similar to probably most of you out there, is that billings, typically for hardware companies, use that when they don't disclose any sort of bookings metric, and that's not us, right. We think that billings has certain things that just are not as relevant as a metric like ARR. You're comparing a balance sheet item to a P&L item. For us, the P&L is going to dictate the health of the business. So for us, you know, billings obviously is going to be impacted by duration and there are many things that go into that. And remember also that when you think about on a year-on-year basis, we're still up on billings. And I think that's the one thing that you want to take away. For us, when we think about how we want to continue to be transparent, ARR really gives you that notion of where we're going and how we're doing. And I think that that's the focus. And it has been, by the way, since we went public, even as a private company, that's the one that we manage the business to, that's how we look at how to give out quotas to our reps, et cetera, et cetera. So for us, that's not going to change. And I hope that answers that question.
Burt Podbere: Thanks, George. So, in terms of how we think about the macro next year, we're not going to predict the change in the macro until we actually see it, right? I think that's going to be the wait-and-see game for most companies and that's certainly the one that we're going to take, but that's how I see it.
