George Kurtz: Hey, Matt. Thanks for your question. So with respect to modules and the number of modules that we provide, we believe our adoption rates for this quarter are milestones. We thought it would be informative to discuss on this call and we periodically share adoption milestones as they come in. It can vary quarter-to-quarter. As we bring out more and more modules, clearly there is more opportunity for customers to come in and purchase more modules upfront. And that's kind of the thinking that we have and that's what we're seeing it now.
George Kurtz: You're welcome. So when we think about new modules and new modules adoption, on any given quarter, it could vary. Clearly, we've got Discover, which is our IT hygiene module. We've got Device Control. We've got Falcon X and of course, we have vulnerability management. And again, on any given -- on any given quarter, any one of those could be the fourth module or beyond.
George Kurtz: Well, as we mentioned in the call, earlier parts of the call, obviously, we've had some great displacements and we continue to be very aggressive in large and small markets. From our standpoint, obviously, the competitive environment has changed dramatically and we've seen an acceleration in our pipeline, given some of the acquisitions that have taken place and just the sheer uncertainty of these other companies that have been acquired, their level of R&D investment, their level of sales coverage, etcetera. So, what we've seen so far is that customers who maybe were ready for a renewal of their existing incumbent provider next year are coming to us even earlier now to get into the testing cycle and talk about the various modules and capabilities we have to solve some of the problem. So that's what we've seen is drilling acceleration of pipeline and just a general dissatisfaction with some of the acquisition, the incumbents they had in the acquisitions that have taken place.
George Kurtz: And remember, George -- I'll also -- I'll also say, we do have a strong relationship still with SecureWorks. And obviously, we feel that and customers, I would say feel the same way. They're looking for really best-of-breed in this area. So that channel is obviously still wide open to us. And so far it's been a good relationship.
George Kurtz: Yes, sure. This is George. Still early days. We've got a lot of interest. We continue to add new capabilities to that. We've seen, I think some nice wins in that area, but it's still early days. And as with many of the modules, when we come to market, we get something. We understand how it works. We collect data. We begin to add detection and we begin to add prevention. And that's just been our model from the beginning. And we're going to continue along that path, so very encouraging at this point.
George Kurtz: Sure, thanks. Good question. One of the things that we found in talking to our customers and again, the module and the roadmap, a lot of it is driven from customer demand, is that they were looking for an easier way to manage their firewalls. And that is one of the last kind of vestiges of legacy suites that are out there in terms of helping customers manage those firewalls. So, we look at that as a way to, again, continue the acceleration in fully replacing legacy vendors. Obviously, we're already doing that in many areas, particularly around the anti-malware component EDR. That was another module that was just kind of hanging out there. So, we continue to push down that path. Fantastic feedback from customers, a lot of comments that was sort of the lasting, holding them to at least a small part of their suite, even if they were still using us on the anti-malware piece. And again, really encouraging for us and excited to have that come out early next year.
George Kurtz: Absolutely. So yes, I think some of those earlier numbers were just, again, earlier in the year. So, we continue to grow the data that we collect. We continue to grow our customer base. And again, we view that as a real strategic weapon to have a bespoke graph data technologies that we've built, that has a time element that's important element to it. We think is very unique in the industry and it's really been one of the drivers that continue to help us identify these very advanced breaches and start them in real time. It's also used to getting [ph] from our machine learning. So from our perspective, we'll continue to grow that. And really what that becomes is a data moat. The more data it consumes, the smarter it gets and becomes harder and harder for competitors to capture that level of data and keep up with it. So, it is certainly crown jewel of our technology stack.
George Kurtz: Well, in general, we've seen resumes from many of the acquisitions. So, I'll start there, not just specific to Symantec. Number two is, obviously, there is a massive installed base that's out there. And I think it continues and accelerates the trend of customers looking for better outcomes, looking to stop breaches, looking to move to the cloud. And it's a great customer base for us to take advantage of. So, we're excited about the opportunity. We've been doing it for some time now, and I think it just accelerates to move there in two areas. One is the customers' uncertainty and concern for the R&D investment, number one. And number two, account coverage is going to be really limited. And if the enterprise customers that we're dealing with are looking for not only great technology, but also after sales, service support and a partner to help them prevent breaches.
George Kurtz: Yes, Matt. So, one of the things we look at is Magic Number. We like where we are with respect to our Magic Number. And every time we put together the capacity plan, as I mentioned, we dovetail and look into where we are with the Magic Number on the forecast. And so long as we're comfortable with what we see, we feel very comfortable in terms of our capacity to be able to hit our targets.
George Kurtz: Well, I think so -- I mean, again, I would look at bellwethers like Salesforce, Workday and ServiceNow, right? These are cloud leaders and we view ourselves as a cloud leader as well, not just an endpoint security provider. Because we've been pulled in other areas like IT hygiene and we're solving many different use cases and we're operating at the CIO level, being very strategic. Many of our opportunities are big part of the overall Board strategy to reduce risk. So when we come into an organization, we spend a lot of time on selling value. And I think you've heard that in the earlier comments that I went through in terms of taking multiple products and basically harmonizing those agents, restoring performance endpoints, reducing headcount. It's just a great story. And the beauty is we're actually delivering on it as opposed to many of our competitors. So, I do think it's a bit of a different game. And I would, again, kind of go back to the Salesforce Siebel analogy. I think that's where we're at versus some of the other competitors that you've seen and some of them that obviously have already gotten acquired.
George Kurtz: Sure. So, we've seen tremendous growth. Obviously, we've got our FedRAMP certification this year really for the first time because we missed it last buying season. So, we see triple-digit growth in that area. Some fantastic traction in the civilian agencies. And I think, overall, when we think about state, local and Fed, that has just been an amazing bright spot for us. We have a great team there and we've got some massive wins. We run our 100/100 number of weeks back and visiting customers and visited states and governments counties that were not customers that got hit by ransomware and it was really impactful. And other parts of the government that were protected by CrowdStrike, it appears we're home with their family on the weekend. So everybody was wondering what happened over there and we've seen an acceleration in that business across state, Fed and local governments.
George Kurtz: Yes, this is George. I'll start with just the modules. I think from, kind of SMB, as well as mid-market, smaller to the larger mids, what we've seen is that they are extremely interested in our complete offering. Again, that's end-to-end kind of turnkey technology, really focused on, again, helping organizations deal with some of the challenge they have in hiring great people across the board. And as you know, it's very expensive to do that and it's hard to provide what I would call sort of government grade or financial services level protection and we can do that with our complete offering we back it with $1 million breach warranty and for companies that just want the problem the go away and have the outcome, you're looking for. It's a great opportunity. So we see them adopting all those modules associated with complete and our turnkey service to help them.
George Kurtz: Yes. So you've touched on a topic near and dear to my heart. I really feel that the company has executed extremely well. We're already in the long-term model where we projected, we were going to be with respect to the non-GAAP gross margins. With respect to the where we're going to where we're going to go from here. We still have quite a few initiatives in place to be able to think about a continued enhanced margin but that's going to take place overtime.
George Kurtz: Well, we've got customers that use the technology in ways. -- we haven't even plan, the ability to actually gather data at scale whether it's security relevant data or IT asset data many of their systems are sort of out a date, just understanding what assets are out there. So, we're seeing customers leverage our APIs in our infrastructure to collect data at scale and where they put into their, assuming their own data lake and enrich it with other information that's out there. It's kind of -- the sky is the limit. But overall, what we've been able to build and even with our real-time response APIs to take actions on the endpoint has tremendously reduce the overall time to value for customers and the flexibility is there to kind of do what they want, which again as part of the power of the platform we built.
George Kurtz: Yes, great. So what we've seen in terms of multi-cloud we've been protecting cloud workloads for some time, obviously you saw we came out with some enhancements metered billing etc. For AWS it has been a great and fantastic partner for us, tremendous momentum with them, but in terms of our technology and cloud workloads it doesn't really matter where the cloud is. We can protect any of those workloads again whether it's on-prem or off-prem, hybrid cloud, just deploy it and work and I think that's been one of the core fact of our success which is easy and it works. When we think about the VMworld, we just came out, I am really excited with the new update to our VM Spotlight module, which adds application vulnerabilities and customers are really excited about that. We've taken a crawl walk run as we normally do gotten customer feedback. And what we hear is they are not looking for necessarily another agent if they can leverage our agent for VM tight technologies combined with something that we've released called CrowdScore, which helps them, think about the overall threat environment, risks and prioritize it, that's a winning combination. So that is probably our most trialed module that we have out there and we've gotten some. I would say pretty big wins out of it and we continue to make progress and add capabilities in that area.
George Kurtz: While the APAC Asia region is first of all, it is a fantastic team that we have worked with many those people for many, many years. I was recently out in Australia and Singapore and the level of customer interest that we have is really off the charts and we've gotten some really big wins in those areas that we've been able to leverage. So, our name is out there, we've got a great team, and now we're continuing to build a partnership relationship. So we're excited about that Wipro opportunity. Obviously, they got massive scale and reach in that area and even beyond. So early days, but excited about that partnership and overall excited about our APJ business.
George Kurtz: And just to follow on to that, that's really the power of the architecture we built with the Threat Graph. We collect once and reuse many. So once that data is in the Threat Graph, it can be analyzed, used for AI and then obviously it powers all the other modules. So once we've already collected it, as Burt said it's virtually pure margin after the fact [ph].
George Kurtz: So thanks for the question. So again, I think we don't really comment on ARR, in terms of guidance or anything like that, but again it goes back to, we continue to see this great momentum in the business and as we entered Q4. I mean the pipe has been more substantial than anything else, we've seen before. And so that gives us the confidence to be able to talk about some of the things we've talked about in next year.
George Kurtz: Sure, thank you. I want to thank all of you for your time today. We really appreciate your interest and look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Have a great holiday. Thanks.
Burt Podbere: Thanks for the question, Saket. So, we have certainly seen strong acceleration in new customer adds in the SMB space, which is clearly aligned with our growth strategy that we outlined during the IPO. The great news about us is our -- because of our cloud-based model, we are able to address both enterprise and SMB verticals in a very efficient manner. In the SMB space, obviously, there is a massive number of customers, deals are smaller, but we discount less. And so for us, as we think about both markets, we're equally as efficient in going after both of them and we're investing in both. And because we're in greenfield in both, any particular quarter could vary in terms of, which has a bigger acceleration or not. So right now, we're really, really happy with the acceleration in both of those markets.
Burt Podbere: Yes. Thanks, George. Just the one point I'll add is the following. When we go through our capacity planning, we worked very closely. Finance worked very closely with sales. They produce a plan, we go through it and as George said, we look at the unit economics behind it. And so we make sure, as a company, we can absorb the amount of folks that can come in and make sure from a territory standpoint, we've allocated the resources appropriately.
Burt Podbere: Hey, it's Burt. Thanks for the question. From the Dell standpoint, it's de minimis in terms of our business today. Approximately, 1% of our revenue. So it's not been an impactful piece of the business. And when we think about how we're building the models, that's how we modeled it out even to begin with.
Burt Podbere: Yes. So, I think from a firmware perspective that's just one of many features that we have that others don't. And I think that's really reflective of the deep technical capabilities we have to be able to figure this stuff out and make it work even below the operating system, number one. But when we look at supply chain attacks, which, I think, as many have seen, that is an increasingly important element in preventing these breaches and it becomes even more important in the government space. So again, one great feature we have, thanks to the CrowdStrike, we were able to p ut that together. But from a threat perspective, obviously, it is becoming more and more important for larger organizations to protect their supply chain.
Burt Podbere: Yes. Thanks, Gur. So few things in there. So one, when we put -- when we put together the outlook for next year on the operating margin, we think about the continued momentum we've seen in the business as we enter Q4. We've got the biggest pipeline that we've ever seen, giving us the confidence, indicate the positive free cash flow and non-GAAP operating income breakeven in Q4 of next year. And when you think about -- with a frictionless system, I think, George has talked about it many times that the tech is as important as the go-to-market and we're as focused and we invest in equally both of those aspects of the business, to be able to ensure that we are able to continue with a frictionless motion, whether it's in-app trials or whether it's trial-pay. Both have been accelerating in our business. We don't necessarily give out percentages on the uptake, but both have been driving up into the right.
Burt Podbere: Thanks, Greg. So let me start with the fact that we continue to see good pricing dynamics in the market. Combine that with our disciplined discounting, we're very comfortable with where we are in terms of going to market. We have seen others out there that try to compete with us and we continuously win on value.
Burt Podbere: Sure, Eric. Thanks for the question. Again, a lot of it has to come with the continued momentum we've seen out of Q3. Across the board, strong execution. We've seen the strongest pipe we've ever seen in company history. We've seen operating leverage across the board, specifically in the S&M and the unit economics. We've just seen an incredible amount of opportunity with respect to top line, gross margin and of course, OpEx. All those things combined have enabled us to outline what we think is going to happen next year.
Burt Podbere: Yes. And with respect to initial deals with our customers, so I think that when you look at the milestones that we put forward in terms of the number of our customers that have four more modules and also the number of our percentage of our customers that have five or more modules, the uptake in both of those things can give you an indication of where we're trending with respect to the initial purchases. So, we're happy with what we're seeing today.
Burt Podbere: Yes, I'll add. And with respect to the unit economics on the SMB space. Clearly, when we think about discounting, which we were able to benefit from the fact that we are able to do less discounting with the smaller SMB space, obviously there. I think your customer you get on something on as a volume discount and so we're really pleased with where we are, where we're trending with respect to the SMB space. Clearly, we are able to achieve a little healthier margins and the velocity. So both of those things add up to strong unit economics.
Burt Podbere: Yes, thanks for the question. So here's the great news about our platform. So once you buy that first module it absorbs the COGS every module after that is, virtually, our gross margin. So every module bring on top and every module that a customer would buy on top of the first one. We're going to see full incremental margin enhancements, now each module that we can come out with could be a different price, so it would vary on modules.
