George Kurtz: Sure, sure. Good to hear from you. So as you indicated and as I talked about in the prepared remarks, the threat environment, again, continues to get worse. We've seen a lot of the ransomware attacks and what it's done. And in particular, it has impacted business resiliency. It's no longer the case of encrypt a computer and reimage and carry on. It's impacting massive amounts of business and costing hundreds of millions of dollars. And I can tell you, I have done more Board briefings in the last two months than I've ever had. It seems like one a week to audit committees on this topic, particularly ransomware. When you look at big deals, how does this kind of translate? When you look at these big deals, we're talking about the media company, that was 11 modules that we landed with, so big lands and some real big commitments from customers saying, "We want all in on your platform. We want all in on Humio." And we spent a lot of time consolidating other technologies and removing agents and driving value to customers. So the big deals, the big enterprises, the big lands continue to be there. And I think we continue to get stronger and stronger every quarter in these areas.
George Kurtz: Sure. Good to hear from you, Sterling. We've actually seen an increase in our win rates across the board, legacy and next-gen. Obviously, we spend a lot of time in the enterprise but we have a very robust mid- and SMB business and we've seen strong results across the board. There's a lot of noise but I think you have to look at the numbers that we put up on the board. And one-fourth of our net new ARR is probably 94% of the total ARR. So when we think about this, it's a big market. Customers have a lot of choice. And they're focused on for breach prevention, not just detecting malware. And I think our platform, our ability to scale, our ability to get immediate value on rollout and manageability, these are all things that are really important to not only large enterprises but also to the smallest SMB customers out there; so that's what we've seen so far.
George Kurtz: I think it's across the board. We're still in the early innings. If you look at the number of customers we have, 13,000-and-change versus some of our legacy competitors that have over 100,000, I mean, still lots of customers that are out there. When you look at things like XDR and you look at Humio, amazing growth drivers for us. When you look at cloud, we've done a lot of work on that. Last year, we did a little analysis on the opportunity. We think it's really undersized from a MarketScape perspective, if you will, from the analyst. And then when you look at things like identity, we're the only folks that have a Zero Trust identity module that came from Preempt. That's it. We're the only endpoint folks that have that. So that's been extremely successful for us. And when you look at the attacks, a lot of them are identity-based. And you switch that to identity being abused in the cloud and our Falcon Horizon module which has done an amazing job and we've seen amazing traction with that. So I think there's pockets of opportunity, broad-based across all the modules, across all the geographies. And with the momentum begets momentum. We really have become the go-to company in this space and that gold standard brand reputation has served us well.
George Kurtz: Yes. I think they are becoming more strategic and that's a lot of what we focus on. How do we consolidate? How do we become the platform of record like we have in many other companies for them? And how do we eliminate cost and complexity what they have? When we think about XDR, it's really advanced threat detection. We've been doing that for a long time. And now you're combining that with other people's data as well. So that's fantastic. That's a great growth driver. But we still have the Humio log management product as it is, right? And obviously, there'll be more integration with that in our platform. But that is an amazing product that allows you to log everything all of the time and answer any question in real time. So there are kind of two different products, if you will and between the two of them, as I mentioned, we have a seven-figure land in Q3, I think really we're just in the early innings. I'm so excited about that technology and I can't wait to see how everything unfolds over the next couple of quarters.
George Kurtz: Sure. Well, we kind of lump state, local and federal altogether. Obviously, fed is a big focus for us. And when we think about what's happening in the current environment and some of the moves that are being made in Washington, we think our technology is uniquely suited for solving some really big problems in those areas. We've seen success in the civilian agencies. And we're all processed for IL4 certification. We're just waiting on the government to approve that. And that allows us into other higher classified areas, if you will. So that is a segment that takes a lot of time and effort and government doesn't move so fast. But we've made great strides there and really across the board, state and local as well. I mean we've got some amazing states that are customers, many of them in local government. So as we look at those in it's totality, we've done tremendously well there and we still think we're in the early innings.
George Kurtz: Sure. I think if you buy into the marketing hype, that's one thing. But if you look under the covers, we have more automation by far than any other competitor, including SentinelOne. I mean that's how we get the scale. That's why the product is easily deployed. That's why we can drive cost out of the customer base because it does it automatically. When you look at the totality of all the services, again, we're focused on stopping breaches, not just -- we didn't come from a malware product that we tried to bolt on other pieces, we built this from the ground up. So on the pricing standpoint, we sell on value and we routinely win with a higher price point because the product works. It doesn't blow up machines, it's scalable. And people are talking to other customers saying, what are you using? And how is it working? And again, we're focused on stopping breaches, not just dealing with malware. And I think that serves us well. So low-cost options, I think you get what you pay for. There's a difference between a Fiero and Ferrari. And we happen to be the Ferrari model and that's what a lot of customers want.
George Kurtz: I mean there's always going to be competitive deals that are out there, whether it's next-gen competitors or legacy players and you have to play each deal by ear, if you will. But at the end of the day, we're going to compete on value which we have. And I can tell you there's a lot of deals we win where we're higher priced than our competitors. And I think the product is differentiated enough in a true platform. When you look at the technology, only one with the forensic modules, only one with the identity module. We've got an amazing growth in Spotlight, vulnerability -- predictive vulnerability management. So when you strip out all the PowerPoint and noise, you got to look at what really works and what are big customers focused on rolling out and it's CrowdStrike.
George Kurtz: Yes. So when we look at international growth, I think you've got to look at how strong the U.S. has been. So when you look at the U.S. growth, it's been on fire for sure. And internationally, I think that's -- you always continue to build out your capacity there, your partner network and that's a key piece. We're just more mature in the U.S. We have more mature partners. So we continue to focus on that. I think we've had some really great international win, some big players that are out there. And we continue to focus on the key areas in the key geographies. I don't know, Burt, if you have any other comments on that piece.
George Kurtz: Sure. So obviously, Microsoft, you have to take seriously as a competitor which we do for all competitors. And it's a big market. I think when customers are looking for that salesforce of security, they're coming to CrowdStrike fully integrated, covering multiple operating systems and again, focusing on stopping breaches. And there has been a lot of talk again at the Audit Committee around risk in a monoculture. And customers are becoming more and more uncomfortable with putting their eggs in one basket. So, I think we have a great opportunity there. We highlighted some of the big wins. And at the end of the day, Microsoft's Microsoft, they're going to get customers. But I think with the best platform, the best technology, our results speak for themselves and what we've been able to do. And customers, again, want that ease of use, ease of deployment and just have it work.
George Kurtz: Sure, it's a great question. You know, when we originally built Complete, we thought it would be built for sort of that mid-market customer that maybe had one security person or none or half. And the reality is it's -- we're selling it to the smallest SMBs all the way up to the largest enterprises. One of our largest enterprise customers is a Falcon Complete customer because the economics are so good for them. When you look at -- again, getting back to automation. The automation we've built in is second to none in how we operate this service. When you look at that, we can really drive the cost out for our customers and provide a very high-touch engagement with them which is what they're looking for, again, stopping breaches, being able to identify threats very quickly and remediate them very quickly outside of any of the other automation that we have. So that level of engagement is something that truly differentiates us. And when you even think about this sort of market, it's a little bit more than MDR but we were doing this before MDR was even coined a term. So we have a lot of experience here that pales in comparison to our competitors.
George Kurtz: Sure. So from a partner store perspective, it's, I think, been very well received by customers. They love the integration. And again, part of the strategy that we have with a single agent, single data store with Threat Graph and what I would call beachfront real estate is customers don't want more agents. They want less and they trust their agent, it's there. They know it's performance and it works. So the whole idea, again, is how do we leverage that architecture almost agent-as-a-service, if you will, for other partners. So that includes data integration, being able to interact with our agents, things of that nature. And we've done that for many of the partners that are out there. And it's really based on customer demand. So they have the technology that they're using. They want to integrate and some of the names you mentioned fall into that area. When we think about Spotlight and it's capabilities, we are replacing a lot of other agent-based VM technology that's out. And again, remember, we don't do the network scanning piece. We think that's a bit commoditized. And what customers are looking for, we highlighted this with the PrintNightmare vulnerability that Microsoft had, is they want push-button results instantly which we give them. And now using AI, we can actually prioritize what vulnerabilities are most likely to be exploited which really helps the IT ops team. So we've got tremendous capabilities in those areas. And Humio is, again, has just been a shining star for us. There hasn't been a customer or a prospect I talked to that haven't been extremely impressed with the capabilities there. So we'll be leveraging that as part of the integrations for the store. And I think we're still in the early innings there and that can be -- out year is a big driver of revenue for us; but right now it's very strategic and make sure our customers are happy.
George Kurtz: Sure. I still think we're in the early innings. Again, if you look at our customer count versus a McAfee or Symantec or a Trend, it's, again, impressive for a younger company but still pales in comparison to all the customers that they have. So it's an ongoing effort. It's a multiyear effort, lots of tailwinds there for us. And that's in the enterprise. And when you get down into the SMB and the mid-market, you got a ton of other players that are out there, too many to mention here. So that's always going to be an ongoing opportunity for us and in my opinion, still very early innings. And I know that from the big deals that we're doing and the McAfee and the Symantec replacements, I mean, it just happens every quarter kind of like clockwork.
George Kurtz: Firstly, I think it's far out because you have to look at the renewal cycles for many of these customers, right? It could be one year or two years or three years and it's always ongoing. And I would look at the customer count, compare that to other players that are out there and that will give you a good idea of where we are versus what's available to us.
George Kurtz: Great. I want to thank all of you for your time today. We certainly appreciate your interest and look forward to seeing you virtually at our upcoming investor events. Thank you. Be safe and have a great day.
Burt Podbere: When you -- I think the first thing you got to look at is the new logos, right? So we saw acceleration in new logos and a lot of that is coming from down market. And so what you see in down market is you see folks that can come in quickly. We've taken out friction from the system to be able to allow onboarding to be really smooth, efficient. And then they're getting a tremendous amount of value in the down market. And certainly, when folks in the SMB space, if they choose our Falcon Complete offering which we monitor -- we remediate directly for them, they see the value in terms of filling that skills gap as well. And so that talks to the retention rates that we're seeing with respect to down market. So very optimistic about our opportunities in down market. We've done really well overall and we continue to win our unfair share in that segment.
Burt Podbere: Thanks, Alex. So first, let me comment that, again, as I said in the prepared remarks, we've seen record momentum in the business heading into the second half. So we're excited about that. And that's an accumulation across the board in all the segments. For us, we don't give out specifics into each of those different segments. But what we can tell you is that we're landing with more modules in the SMB all the way up to enterprise. You can refer to George's comments about that one deal that had 11 modules. And so we're seeing more and more of that and that's also evidenced in -- as you look at the adoption rates of our modules. Every quarter that we talk about adoption rates, they keep going up. And I think that, that's a testament to the strength of the platform. It talks to the fact that more and more customers want to buy a platform as opposed to point solutions. And soon, we're going to be giving out data on no longer four, five, six but five, six, seven modules because the fourth module is going to be virtually the same as the third as in terms of adoption rate. So we're continuing to see momentum across the board and we're seeing those adoption rates continue to tick up because of folks trying to -- customers trying to buy the platform which is all integrated and flighted for them; so that's what we're seeing, Alex.
Burt Podbere: Yes. I'll just comment that we generally don't talk about that. But we've talked about in the past where we've had large enterprise deals that closed over a weekend. And we still see some of those. That's not obviously every case. But we're seeing customers come to us, obviously more frequently by the number of logos. And some are closing really, really rapidly, even seven-figure deal type of customers.
Burt Podbere: Yes. So I mean this goes back to the fact that we're looking to continue to invest aggressively and international markets is one of those areas. I think we've got opportunity out there to take more share. When you're comparing it to the U.S., we have a high-grade problem where the U.S. is still really super strong. And as George already mentioned, we're still in early innings in a number of logos and customers that we have, 13,000. It's great, we're really proud of that. But it's a drop in the ocean when you compare it to some of the legacy players that have over -- that have had over 100,000 customers. So we think about that opportunity internationally to be out there and we're going to aggressively go after it.
Burt Podbere: Thanks, Mike. Good question. So we don't give out the specific numbers, how many modules each customer gets. What we do give out the percentage of customers with 4, 5 and 6-plus in modules which are, respectively, 66%, 53% and 29%. And that's been increasing quarter-over-quarter. And so that just talks to the testament of our ability to continue to sell the platform. And we are focused on continuing to build out the platform and to give customers more and more choice in terms of what they have available to them. And at the end of the day, George has talked many times about, hey, we're going to make this thing seamless for you to deploy and at the end of the day, easy to manage. And when you combine those things, it just makes it easier for customers to adopt. And so, going back to our earlier comments about the ability to scale and the ability to drive customer adoption; it all comes back to making it easy for the customer. And we're very focused in that area. And that's part of our core and part of our DNA and we'll never take our eye off that. Just that similar that we're never going to take our eye off efficiency, right? Unit economics matters. However, we do know that we've got this opportunity in front of us to be able to go after more market share and we're going to invest in that area to be able to go after more and more new logos as we continue our journey.
