George Kurtz: Sure. Thanks, Saket. When you look at our Identity Zero Trust module, which came from the Preempt acquisition has now been integrated into the platform, which makes it seamless. It's obviously been a standout for us, because when we think about the threat environment, we've seen many of these breaches abuse identity, abuse directory services, and there's a massive compliance issue in just understanding all of these accounts where they live and who has access to privileged accounts. So, this is a highly differentiated module. Our competitors really don't have anything that's close to this. The way it works, the AI algorithms that we have built around it that we got from the Preempt team, and the expertise that we have in this area. So, it certainly is a big way for us to help differentiate the platform among many others. And it has been an absolute standout for us. And I think we've taken the time and effort to do the integration right, which is an important part of the way CrowdStrike looks at its platform.
George Kurtz: Sure. Thanks Sterling. When we look at the cloud business and I think we put some good disclosures around our penetration there. To us, it's still a greenfield opportunity. And the beauty of our platform is that we cover two very important areas; one is runtime protection; and the second one is cloud security posture management. And there are companies that have one or the other. We actually have both, and they're integrated across our Falcon control plane, which makes it very effective. We also have the ability to identify indicators of attack, which is much different than just misconfigurations. So, when you combine those together and you think about containers and Kubernetes clusters, the configuration, whether they have vulnerabilities, whether it's traditional virtualization and everything in between, we're covering a big part of the overall security stack of what people are looking for in that runtime protection visibility. So, we still feel it's in the early innings. We've got great technology in both the agent side, if you will, and some of it is agentless with cloud security posture management. But we make it very easy and effective for the DevOps teams to -- that's who we're selling to in these areas and we've gotten pretty good at it, to be able to implement this as part of the CICD pipeline.
George Kurtz: Sure. So, thanks. When you think about our partner opportunities and CrowdStrike, first, we're a partner-first company. That's the way I built it. We haven't wavered from that. And there's many areas of partnering, everything from traditional resellers to managed service providers to cloud providers and hyperscalers like AWS that I talked about earlier. So, why have we been successful there? Well, we've taken the right approach to not compete with partners, to augment what they're trying to do. And what we've seen in the managed service world is that the managed service providers are looking for the best endpoint platform that they can plug in and offer other services. I think we've figured out a way to complement the services that they have in those areas, and it's been very effective. And of course, customers want our technology. So they're clamoring to these partners to work with us. So we will continue to do that. And I think we've put some great proof points out on our success in managed service, in the cloud providers as well as traditional resellers. And when we think about CISA, it's a fantastic validation for us in the Federal government. I've spent time in Washington, I was just there recently. And there's a lot of excitement about our technology finally being able to be deployed there. As you know, you have to go through a lot of different compliance and accreditations to get to sell in the Federal government and we worked through those. We continue to work through those at different levels. And it opens up a massive opportunity for us that we've seen a big pull from customers' interest in that particular vertical because of the aging technologies that they've been saddled with in the past. So more to come on that, but very excited about the opportunity today and in the future.
George Kurtz: Sure. When we think about XDR, it's more than just the marketing acronym. And what we've seen in the past is that organizations of all shapes and sizes, security companies have tried to just slap XDR on what they have that's legacy. And we don't think that's the right approach. We think you have to start with the best EDR in the market, and then you extend that. We believe our EDR is the best and we've been validated many times over in different places. And what we've been able to do is to leverage the very powerful, fast and efficient streaming engine of Humio. We just talked about the petabyte benchmarks to be able to combine that with our Threat Graph, apply AI on top of it to get the best threat detection outcome and response leveraging our fusion technology. So we're still in the early days. Obviously, we just launched it. We're working with a lot of customers. We're adding more integrations around that. But we're really excited about that and we believe that's really a technology that will subsume the SIM market, and we think we're in a perfect pole position to be able to capture it.
George Kurtz: Yes. Thanks, so George here. When we look at the competition, I think, this quarter, we put a punctuation mark on a competitive point. When you see the growth, you see the cross-sell, you see some of the modules outside of just the core. We've never seen a better competitive environment for us. We're entering the quarter with the largest pipeline. We've got lots of replacements in the legacy world, lots of replacements in the next-gen world. And truly differentiated platform with our modules, we have 22, just to be clear. And when you look at what we put together in the endpoint and workload protection visibility space, combined with identity, which is very unique to us that others don't have, combine that with data now, with SecureCircle. It's a true platform that customers are looking to buy and understand that they can consolidate agents, reduce costs and get much better outcomes. And then you combine our world-class offerings like SaaS and Complete and OverWatch on top of it, and it certainly is a winning combination. So full steam ahead from us on the competitive side, and we continue to out-innovate and build what we believe is the best platform in the industry. Burt, I'll let you take the module take rates.
George Kurtz: Yes. So, thank you, Burt. And first, I want to congratulate Kevin and the entire team. I've known and worked with Kevin many years at Calstone [ph] and they're a fantastic organization, one of the best in the business, and we have a lot of respect for them. So -- we continue to work with them on partnering opportunities. We think it's a great opportunity being part of Google, who is also another big partner of CrowdStrike. So I think both organizations make a lot of sense. You got world-class capabilities across the board. And we think our technology can be additive to the overall Mandiant solution, and we look forward to seeing how that progresses and continuing to partner with them. So, overall, I think it's a positive net-net for all parties.
George Kurtz: When you look at the endpoint security modules and identity, there they go together. So we see broad-based demand on all revenue, people are buying the endpoint security modules primarily for two reasons: one, protection to visibility, which we get both; in order to enhance the protection, they've add the identity module, which makes sense given that many of the breaches don't necessarily even use malware in today's environment. So we see them going together, and we see a great opportunity for many customers who have been with us for a long time, who don't have identity, because they -- that's a newer module, to be able to add identity to their existing platform. And again, there's not much -- there's not much that they have to do other than activated given the architecture that we've built. So -- and then when you look at some of the other modules just in general, vulnerability management has done exceptionally well. We've seen lots of vulnerabilities in the environment. Understanding the assets and their configurations and the hygiene is very important to protecting them. And then in a distributed world, which we have today, right, there is no perimeter. It's all systems wherever they may reside. They're going to need this level of protection visibility and ability to even understand their vulnerability. So overall, we're pleased with the module growth outside of what we call just core endpoint protection, and we look forward to continued growth in those areas.
George Kurtz: Yes. Sure. Rob, we thought it was appropriate with some of our parts in the industry to see where we can help. And when you look at critical infrastructure and what the government is really concerned about hospitals, pipelines, things of that nature. It's super important that, they're protected. And there aren't whole bunch of enforce standards in some of these areas. And a lot of times, they're under protected for a variety of reasons. So we thought, it was the right thing to do in terms of offering our technology out there for some period of time. And we think, we're going to be able to hopefully move the needle at protection in places where it may have not has been as good. And then obviously, we'll look to see how that pans out from a business perspective. But first and foremost, we're just trying to do the right thing.
George Kurtz: Well, yes. So let's talk about Falcon Fusion for a bit, which is our store capabilities. The beauty is, it's built into the platform. There's -- if you just get it, if you're a Falcon customer, which has been extremely well loved by our customers. And the amount of automation that we've been able to achieve, we think, far outstrips what our competitors can do, and it ties into our XDR response strategy. And it's seamlessly built in. It wasn't an acquisition that we had to bolt on. So we're really happy with that. But other than making sure everybody knows we have it, there's not a lot of motion that we have to go into there, and it has been a differentiator for us. When we think about the Humio community addition, I think, it goes to the heart of where we've been able to make some really good inroads in the DevOps world, both in cloud protection but as well as observability. We talked about some of the big wins with Humio. Some of them are not even security related. They're simply observability. The beauty of that technology is the ability to get data from just about any source and answer any question at scale. The community addition, very well received. We have people that are using it and then obviously saying it's a great technology. we want to learn more. We want to think about licensing it. So, we're still in the early innings on that, but it goes to the heart of our e-commerce efforts and our platform that we built out, which I think is candidly underappreciated in what we're able to do from a business perspective and the sales efficiency that it actually brings to CrowdStrike.
George Kurtz: Great. Well, we still see a big runway of customers, potential customers in the Fortune 500 that aren't on Crown tracking, we've seen obviously a lot of interest there. And I think enterprise customers understand if they're looking for the best protection at scale with the manageability, CrowdStrike is the technology of choice, and we've built our gold standard reputation in that arena. So that's what I would say there. Burt, anything else to add? I know we're short on time.
George Kurtz: Okay. Well, thank you so much. We appreciate everyone's time and attention, and we wish the best everyone to stay healthy, and we look forward to seeing you next quarter. Thanks so much.
Burt Podbere: Hey, Joe, thanks for that. So in terms of our methodology, nothing has really changed. We guide to what we see. We do not guide to running the tables. So absolutely no change there. I think that the question about going and capturing some of the additional markets outside of core endpoint, I think we've given some good disclosures about some of our momentum. We don't see any of that momentum fading and we are excited about both core and some of our mortgage emerging products. And so when we think about it and when we look at our pipeline and we look at the opportunities in front of us, we get really excited about both opportunities. And then you drill down even a little further, and we get excited about being able to sell both those opportunities to both the largest enterprise companies in the world all the way down to some of the smallest. So that's how we think about it.
Burt Podbere: Hey, Matt, so we really don't look at it that way, to be fair with you, because when you think about net new ARR, it could come from anywhere. It could come from new logos. It could come from our existing base. Our focus, as you know, has been and always will be net new ARR, wherever it comes from. So when we think about looking out into this year, we're doing the same thing from a compensation perspective with our sales team as we have done last year, meaning we're going to pay our sales team the same whether they bring in a net new logo or whether they bring it from an existing customer. So we pay on net new ARR. We don't care where it comes from. The great news is, of course, is that we have tremendous amount of headroom in both, right? Our expanding base really helps in terms of cross-sell for sure. But we still have a tremendous amount of headroom in terms of being able to go after new logos. And that's kind of a great position to be in. And it really talks to the fact that we think about CrowdStrike in the early innings of our journey with a lot of headroom to go. So hopefully, that makes sense to you.
Burt Podbere: Sure. I'll give them out again because they're -- we're very proud of them. So the percentage of customers with four more modules is 69%, five or more modules is 57%, six or more modules is 34%, all of which are increases over last quarter.
Burt Podbere: Hey, Alex, it's Burt. Thanks for your questions. I'll take the first clarification point, and then I'll pass it to George to talk about the Mandiant acquisition. So what we came out and said is that, obviously, that our pipe going into the year is the greatest pipe we've ever seen in company history. I think I'll leave it to everybody else and you on the call to kind of figure out what that means in terms of net new ARR. But generally, I think that, combine that with the momentum that we've talked about in the business, we feel really good about starting the year. And then I'll turn it over to George to -- for your second part of the question.
Burt Podbere: Sure, Fatima. Thank you for your question. So first, let me just start off by saying when we take a look at the guide, we take a look at, of course, what we see, not necessarily what we don't see similar on the revenue side. And then we think about the power of our model. We've got a lot of leverage in our model. Unit economics is really strong, and it's pointing to one thing, which is continue to invest aggressively, which we plan to do, and it's reflected in the guide. I think there are a few things that really shape that guide, right? One is I think that we've seen a lot of tailwinds for us. We see momentum in the business, so scale and how we think about the revenue guide really plays a big role in terms of how we think about our margin guide. But we do take into consideration things like inflation; we take into consideration what we're seeing out there in terms of talent, it is talent war that we’re seeing on a day to day basis, not only for us but for others in the space, and we've got to differentiate ourselves from others to attract folks to come and join us. And we've done a really good job so far, but pedal to the metal in terms of hiring. And then your last piece of the question with respect to travel, I think that it's going to be more than it was last year, knock wood. Obviously, it's a result on how the pandemic plays out this year. But the idea is that we do plan on more travel. We want people to get together. We want people to collaborate. We want to go and visit customers on the one hand. On the other hand, I think every CFO out there is taking a look at what was done in the past and then how they think about the future and is looking for highest and best use of travel, and I'm no exception. So I'm going to take the opportunity to make sure that we've got all the controls in place to make sure that we are doing just that, making sure that we are looking at the highest and best use dollars for travel. And I think everybody will be appreciative of that. And I think that, as a company, it just goes to continue our story about being a really, really, really well-plated company in all aspects of the business, from tech to go-to market to finance. I hope that answers your question.
Burt Podbere: Thanks George. Thanks, Ittai, for the question. So, number one, really happy with our performance on the top and the bottom. I think that the guide really reflects what we really want to do this year, which is aggressively invest in the business. We've got this opportunity in front of us. We think there's a tremendous amount of demand. There's a tremendous big opportunity for us, and we're going for it. So, I think that when we guided, we took all of that into consideration. And so I feel really good about where we are. And of course, our unit economics, the metrics that we look at are all driving that decision in terms of how we guide it, right? And that's a great thing about our business, right? It's well-flighted, the model itself is open to leverage, and right now, we're going to use some of that leverage to go invest aggressively into the business.
Burt Podbere: Yes. It's a great question. I think right now, Gregg, look, we're really happy that we have over 50% of those Fortune 500. We've got a whole bunch more to go and when George thinks about -- and George and I think about the rest of our potential business were looking forward, again, tremendous success in enterprise. That's where George flighted the business, and that's where we started, and we're going to continue to, I think, see lots of opportunities come our way and then going down market, right? I think we've had a lot of success in being able to build the technology, the same agent for both a company that's has 1 million endpoints versus 1 that has 5. That's really hard to do. And so we've got -- the beauty of where we are right now is we have over 16,000 subscription customers. Those are all open to cross-sell and upsell. And then we've got this tremendous amount of new logos to be able to go after, whether it's an enterprise, mid-market or SMB. And that's the beauty of where we are. And that's why we're -- you're hearing the excitement in our voices. And now I'll turn it back over to the moderator.
