George Kurtz: Hey, Sterling. This is George. So, thanks for the question and we are all safe. Thank you. Yes, I think what we have seen here obviously there is the work from home, and I think ultimately a more into the work from anywhere and there will be a hybrid model of people going back to work, but I think we all know that we are not going to continue in the same way that we had pre-COVID. So, we see that as a long-term opportunity. And really, I think if you take work from home and you – and capitalize it, it’s really part of digital transformation. And what we have seen directly just over the last couple of months is just digital transformation being accelerated, which means more people working outside of their corporate environment. It also means more cloud workloads, right. And this digital transformation, which encompasses work-from-home is really a longer-term trend that we are seeing. In fact, on our 100-by-100, I was speaking with a CIO, and I said, tell me a little bit about your digital transformation program. And he said, well, we had a 2-year roadmap. And in one day, at the end of March, we executed on that. That just gives you an idea of how fast things have been accelerated. So we see that as a long-term secular trend and tailwind that we’re able to benefit from.
George Kurtz: I think that’s always been our view is to have bigger, deeper partners where we can spend more time and invest more dollars and effort as well as the partner. And we think that is a much better program than having many partners that aren’t necessarily moving the needle for us. So yes, a big part of it is deal registrations are up, big part of it is people wanting to move off incumbents. And for us, we’d rather double down on the big partners, and AWS has been really a fantastic partner for us. You can see the results. And they really remove a lot of the friction in the sales process. So, we’re excited about that, and we look forward to continuing that in the future.
George Kurtz: Sure. Great to connect, Saket. I will start with the latter part. There is not a lot to displace out there, because it’s really a Greenfield opportunity when we think about container protection, and the beauty of our model has always been the simplicity. So, the same lightweight agent can be used to protect many containers, and there is a big difference between what we do and what others do, where they have to run inside of every container. We can actually run outside the container at the operating system level and get visibility into every container. Now what’s the benefit of that? The benefit is, it does not get in the way of the development cycle. Developers and IT teams don’t want – and DevOps, they don’t want any friction in the model, and we have a model that introduces like zero friction. So, it’s been very well received. In addition to that, we have added a ton of capabilities into that offering, including all kinds of additional prevention capabilities as well as understanding the container configurations and helping manage the containers, the security of those containers in multi-cloud as well as on-premise very easily. So, it’s been very well received, and even as an extension to what we’ve done in containers, particularly in the cloud area, we’ve added much broader Discover capabilities. As you know, the IT teams are really struggling to figure out where their shadow IT is. We can help in those areas as well.
George Kurtz: Hey, Gur. Thank you for the question. Absolutely. I think this quarter was really a tipping point into use cases outside of just security, and we’ve been building our Discover module for several years. And a big part of that is focused on IT ops and security – I should say hygiene as well when we think about asset discovery and configuration. We talked about emergency patches and configuration management and password reset. So this functionality drives a lot of automation into the IT stack. And just given COVID in the remote work environment, we had so many customers that were struggling and really in a panic mode trying to figure out how are they going to understand these systems. How are they going to touch these systems remotely when they are sitting behind everyone’s local firewall and cable modem and they actually turned to the security team because they had solved that problem and they basically – it was sort of an eye opening experience for the IT folks in terms of our capabilities in what we can do. So I see it really as a tipping point. And we think about our capabilities, that goes well beyond just security. And I think this particular environment with remote work from home is a perfect use case for how we can drive automation and save a lot of money for the IT teams.
George Kurtz: Well, I think in general, we think work from home and work from anywhere is a meaningful opportunity. Obviously, we were flexible with our licensing, which we thought was the right thing to do from our customers, and that’s still running out. We’ve had a lot of customers take advantage of that. And so a lot of over-deployment, which helped them and ultimately, our goal is to be able to go back and drew them up and move them into a paying program. So we continue to evaluate that opportunity. I think it’s one opportunity that we have and it continues to move forward and the feedback that we have gotten so far has been fantastic. In fact, we have customers asking for a permanent work-from-home program for their home users. And if you think about in today’s environment, lots of people use their own computer at home, they try to connect with a VPN. Customers need it to be a little bit more flexible depending on their industry. So having the home users protected, which are often exposed to something that they could bring into the corporate network, which again is disappearing is important for many of these large institutions. So I do think there is some good opportunities going forward as we look to close out those programs.
George Kurtz: Well, yes, that’s certainly an ongoing journey for us. And I think we have made substantial progress in all the above. Obviously, we are very strong in run-time security and we have customers using the visibility element of what we are doing to really help them understand what should be deployed, what is deployed, what should be approved if it’s deployed, is it vulnerable, things of that nature. So, I do think there is lot of future opportunities to continue to streamline in that pipeline. And it’s kind of – it gets back to what I said earlier in the call, it’s so easy to deploy, it’s so easy to use. It doesn’t add a lot of friction. So now it’s about adding more value back into the developer pipeline as well as being able to solve some of the security use cases in the outcomes of the security teams are looking for. So, we continue to focus on. We had a huge release just a couple of weeks ago. We have one of the most mature Linux versions with coverage for many different operating systems and that’s been a differentiator for us, particularly in winning cloud workload protection business.
George Kurtz: Sure. Well, we can start with the first one. We continue to displace Symantec customers. Again, for a lot of the reasons that we have talked about in the past, people are looking for platforms and they are looking for technologies that actually work and stop breaches. Ransomware has been a huge driver and signature-based AV is really not capable of dealing with sophisticated ransomware, right. So, people are looking to get off that. Not as a matter of security, I mean that’s certainly an element, but as a matter of business resiliency. And in today’s environment, if we think about the healthcare community, the last thing anyone would want would be a ransomware attack in the middle of the pandemic. So, that’s one. Two is on the next-gen players. Again, we spent the time and effort to build the platform out from the ground up, right. It’s the same Salesforce, Workday, ServiceNow, CrowdStrike. We don’t have an on-premise version, because that’s not our model. So, lot of our competitors built on-premise versions. They try to move it to the cloud and call it a cloud offering. Their data is still on each endpoint. The value is being able to aggregate this data at scale, which we figured out with our threat graph. And effectively that creates a data mode plus the module expansion allows customers to add more modules not agents, right. And even our next-gen competitors, they still have three and four different agents because of their acquisitions. So people want something that’s simple, want something that works and want something that’s future proof and ultimately stops the breach.
George Kurtz: Yes, we are. We opened up the platform a number of years back and we continue to add partners. I think we are up to 11 now. And again, our goal is higher quality. It is in an Apple App Store, right. It’s really about having high-quality vetted partners in there. And again it gets to the pain point of customers don’t want more agents, they want less of them. And I do think that is an underappreciated fact in the industry is how painful more agents are. So when we look at the opportunity we have in the store we continue to add apps around patch management. We continue to add apps around white listing. We continue to add apps in the OT space. So, those are all being built out or built out and we keep adding more partners and we keep announcing new partners. And it’s been a real strategic I think weapon for us, because none of our competitors have a store quite like that and people love the flexibility that we are offering them. Collect once, reuse many and allowing that flexibility to our customers really saves them a lot of time and money in their operational overhead of their endpoint.
George Kurtz: Sure. Thanks, Joel. If we look at the modules today, we have got 11. We do have firewall management. We do have firmware protection, which is already in the product. As you might imagine, we don’t talk about the future modules that we are going to come out with, but we are always working on new modules and getting feedback from customers. We are spending a lot of time again looking at various use cases and how it can help customers with insider threats and use cases that again go beyond just core security. A big focus this quarter for us was our Discover module and the ability to help IT teams and there are a lot of use cases that have come back in terms of what people are looking for above and beyond just security. So, we continue to look to enhance the modules we have because we are never done with them. We are always updating them. That’s the beauty of the platform. I have had customers tell us we like in one day and the next day there is just tons of new stuff that shows up and we don’t have to do anything. It is nothing they need to do which is there and that’s the beauty of the platform. So, we are rapidly working on new technologies and new modules and obviously we are bringing on new store partners. So as we have new modules, we will be sure to bring everybody current with them.
George Kurtz: Yes, thanks. The module adoption was up this quarter for Spotlight. I mean, it shouldn’t be a surprise given the fact that everybody is working remotely from home. And guess what, compliance mandates don’t really care if you are at home or in the office, right. So customers have a compliance mandate which is they have to understand what their vulnerabilities are on their systems and to have real time visibility into your vulnerabilities irrespective of where that endpoint of workload is, is huge for customers. So, we saw that being rolled out pretty rapidly and with the click of a button people have visibility. I think again it goes back to the consolidation play. People don’t want yet another agent. Some of the VM players have pushed their cloud agents. And at the end of the day, these are just kind of scanning technologies that add a lot of overhead for the endpoint. And the beauty of our model again is the fact that we have already collected the data and we are not putting extra burden on the endpoint from a performance perspective and we are not waiting for a scan to happen, it’s always real time.
George Kurtz: Well, thanks, Sarah. Good to hear from you. And it’s a hard question to answer, because each customer is a bit different. Certain customers that have too much complexity and again they just want to simplify. Others have suffered breaches on their different technologies and they are looking for something that’s more effective. Others are looking for force multipliers like Falcon Complete where they just don’t have the headcount that was been a huge opportunity for us this past quarter. So, when you put all that together, I mean, there is a lot of tailwinds as you talked about. You have got the incumbents losing market share and abandoning the market. You have got work from home. You have got cloud adoption, digital transformation. There is a lot of opportunity for us and some of it is white space and the cloud workload is total Greenfield opportunity. There is just nobody there in this cloud workload. In fact, that we have tied in with metered billing makes it easy for people to adopt. So, it gets to down to – it just works, it’s simple, it’s easy to use and people can consume it the way they want to consume it and that has really benefited us. So, one of the things that we talked about in the call as well is the mobile piece, I think that gets underrepresented at sometimes. And we saw some really nice wins because of work from home. And we are one of the leaders really in EDR endpoint for mobile. We kind of developed that from scratch, that category and we have seen some really great traction in that area as well.
George Kurtz: Well, it’s a great question and I will try to be brief. But we haven’t been more productive. Mike Carpenter and I are having meeting after meeting after meeting, customers are available, they are not traveling and it’s been very productive. It’s a little bit like Groundhog Day sometimes as you might imagine, I am sure everybody feels that. But we have been able to get to the customers. We have been able to get to the CIOs. And more importantly, we have been able to close the deals and that’s what matters. And it’s just a new normal. So certainly, there will be a hybrid. We will travel where customers will accept us and where it’s safe. But I think it’s a different way of doing business and enterprise selling in the SaaS world.
George Kurtz: Well, thanks everyone for the call and their time and attention. We hope to see you next quarter. And of course in today’s environment, we hope everyone stays safe and we hope you have a great day. Thank you so much.
Burt Podbere: Thanks, Saket, and thanks for the question. So, as you know, we don’t manage the net retention number. We still think that 120% is a good benchmark in a normalized environment. And you are right, it did remain over 120% for this quarter. I mean, as you know, dollar-based net retention can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, and it is a noisy metric. Just because it goes down, it does not necessarily mean bad thing and vice versa. We did see a trend up through Q4 where we were seeing the larger wins, and that was certainly impacting our dollar-based net retention rate, and that was fine. And we think that going forward we will likely see some more larger lands given the fact that more and more customers are buying four or five of our modules. Having said all that, as you think about the SaaS companies in the traditional land and expand, over time both the expand might take over at some point and as clearly as we bring more and more value to our customers in terms of more modules, we could possibly see an uptick. But my final comment on that is, today we’re still going after both. We’re still going after the large new lands and we’re still going after the expansion opportunities and we’re paying our sales force the same whether or not they bring in a new logo or a new land or an expansion.
Burt Podbere: Yes. So hey, Gur, great question and one near and dear to my heart. So, gross margin expansion has been a focus of mine and my colleagues in the DevOps center. And to-date, we have had great success in being able to expand our margins through obviously new modules coming to bear, new modules need more gross margin for us as well as opportunities within the data centers in terms of efficiency. But as we think about the future we see opportunities to even – to increase even more our gross margins with respect to lowering our long-term costs with respect to data centers, moving them to lower cost environments. But in the initial stages, it takes more to get those up and running. And so on a quarter-to-quarter basis, it might fluctuate, but not materially. We are already still smack dab in the middle of our long-term, our long-term range and we anticipate to stay there. So the movements will be small in the next few quarters.
Burt Podbere: Hey, Brad. Yes, great question. So the other thing that goes along with that transformation at the same time from a long-term perspective is also the increased modules, right? So as you add more modules, it gives the opportunity to the sales team to introduce new things to customers and be able to increase their overall footprint with us from a security perspective. So just by given that we know that that’s part of one of the growth drivers that we’re looking at looking into the future. It’s obviously accelerated by what George was talking about, digital transformation. But the opportunity as well in front of us in terms of all the different types of workloads that customers are looking to have protection on whether it’s work from home type of units or whether it’s in the network or in the cloud. All of them are accelerating for us and we think that that’s a huge opportunity for the growth that we will see in the future.
Burt Podbere: Yes, good question. So obviously we are very focused on cash. For us, coming off such a strong Q4 and even Q1 that obviously propelled the opportunity to collect, so strong collections was a result of the strong performance. So that’s part of it. CapEx, part two of your question, CapEx, we’re trying to be managed throughout the year. If you look at our CapEx overall, you’re going to find that we’re going to spend roughly around 8% of CapEx as a percentage of revenue, with the majority coming in the back end. And that’s just a function of how we see the capacity in our data centers and how much more we need to add and build into them to be able to keep up with our growth. That’s how I think about it.
Burt Podbere: Hey, great to hear your voice as well, Sarah. So, we are assuming more churn and contraction in our guidance. While we have – the thing is that we have not yet seen a meaningful impact to contraction in churn as a result of COVID-19 given the impact of the broader macro economy. So taking that consideration, we have prudently increased our assumptions for contraction and churn in the quarter. This is one way, as you pointed out, we de-risked our guidance in the year and as we disclosed it in the prepared remarks. So that’s how we are thinking about contraction and churn.
