George Kurtz: Yeah, hey, Sterling. Well, we talked about 20% of our customers and workloads in terms of being in the cloud and from our perspective; we believe that’s going to continue to grow. When we think about digital transformation and it’s, you know, 20% of the servers in the cloud. When we think about digital transformation, it’s one of those areas that continues to accelerate. We’ve seen a massive movement to cloud servers, we’ve seen people skinning down some of their on-prem, but explosion in the cloud itself. So, it’s still early days obviously in the cloud journey for many companies, but we see it as a long-term sustainable trend.
George Kurtz: Well, it’s been a fantastic reception from our customers. This is something that they’ve been looking for, for some time. They see this as a very unique property that we’ve acquired and integrated into our solution. They don’t see others being able to do that and combined with our platform single agent architecture, it’s been a home run. So, we’re in the process now of field enablement and getting all the sales teams up and running, but early wins with Preempt and we’re really excited about the integration that’s forthcoming.
George Kurtz: Thanks, Saket. Well, whenever you have an agent that’s being removed or deprecating, traditionally, there is a lift and shift where you have install another agent and require all kinds of reboots. I think as we’ve articulated in some of our success stories, our ability to install and get up and running is unparalleled in the industry. So, it’s a forced function for companies as they think about what they need to do and I think that’s just another accelerator to why people are coming to CrowdStrike. Their unhappiness with some of their support. They’re looking for a more modern architecture and a solution that has multiple legs to it, not just anti-malware is why they’re coming in, I think this is just an accelerant in terms of why they would talk to CrowdStrike and choose CrowdStrike.
George Kurtz: Sure, I think just in general when you look at our cloud offerings and you look at the new modules that we’re delivering at a rapid pace, I think things like forensics certainly Horizon are all winners for us. We continue to expand the capabilities across all the modules we have. We’ll have more modules at some point next year. So, it’s broad-based demand from lots of modules and we continue to see strong demand across the board and we’re excited about that. So thank you.
George Kurtz: So, for us, we think about COVID as more of a catalyst to the acceleration to the digital security transformation. I think a lot of folks and a lot of companies have purchased their laptops to work from home in prior quarters and we’re through that and so now we’re seeing this kind of steady state of acceleration continuing into the future with respect to demand for cloud products and digital transformation. That’s how we see it overall as the broad-based strength continues and so that’s how we think about the future.
George Kurtz: Yeah, hey, Brian, good question. So, big picture, the good news is, we still see a lot of headroom with respect to both new logos and expansion and we’ve been able to see larger deals come in and obviously that is part and parcel with more modules that we have today and the value sell. So, as we continue to value sell, and as we continue to increase our offerings, the deal sizes end up being bigger. The great news is, I think we have tremendous amount of headroom in both going after new logos and we have a tremendous opportunity for expansion opportunities.
George Kurtz: Hey, Brian, it’s George. I think when you look at our module expansion and you look at our ability to cross-sell with a frictionless process, in-app trials, things of that nature, I think it’s across the board and there isn’t one particular area that just stands out. It’s really broad based strength across all the modules and all the customers and even from the segment perspective, I mean, enterprise all the way down to SMB, we certainly talk a lot about our enterprise deals, but our SMB business has been doing fantastic because of our cloud delivery modules – our cloud delivery I should say, it’s very easy for smaller companies to adopt this in constrained cost times, they’re looking for ways to drive efficiency. So, across the board, I think broad based modules, segments and even geographies.
George Kurtz: Hey, Alex, we don’t specifically disclose that and my comment on that really is, it’s still early days for cloud. I think we have a huge, huge runway ahead of us and we think we’re ahead of the curve and we think we’re ahead of everybody else in what we can offer, but I still think it’s still early days and it’s one of those areas where we just see a tremendous amount of opportunity.
George Kurtz: Two or three years is a long time in this space, Alex. We’ll see, there is a lot of things that can happen between now and then, but on that one, we’ll just wait and see how it turns out.
George Kurtz: Hey, Rob. Yeah, George here. So, you hit the nail on the head. To be clear, when we think about laptop purchases that’s well behind us, right? We’re talking about real transformation, real adoption of our technology, consolidation of agents, and winning in the market because we’ve got the best technology solving really big problems that are even beyond security and that’s why you’ve seen an acceleration in customer adoption. As I mentioned earlier, it’s across the board, it’s not just enterprise, it’s not just mid-market, it’s not just SMB, it is across all of those particular areas because the technology works and we’re saving companies lots of money and delivering lots of value. So when you think about sort of the COVID piece of it, as I mentioned that’s well behind us and this is a much more sustainable trend that we see for the foreseeable future as people move to the cloud and transform digitally. They have to have their security transformation as part of that.
George Kurtz: Well, when we think about containers, whether it’s cloud or on-premise and there’s certainly a lot of companies that have hybrid environments as you know depending on their industry, whether they’re rolling it their own or whether we’re in a infrastructure provider, we have an architecture that can provide security across all of those and again it’s with a single agent, which is again fairly unique I would say to us in the marketplace. People have to have different agents and different architectures. So there isn’t one in particular, there’s a lot of small players that are out there, but I think when you look at what we’ve built and how seamless it is to work on-prem or an hybrid environment, public private cloud it’s the reason why people are choosing us and the fact that we’ve added cloud security posture management to our runtime protection is just another reason to choose CrowdStrike.
George Kurtz: Sure, well, we’re really excited about the EY relationships and we’ve already seeing the fruit of that relationship with some big deals. As you know, they’ve got a tremendous amount of penetration in large enterprises. They’ve got the ear of the Board of Directors and executives and to have CrowdStrike partner with EY to help secure that digital transformation I think is a win for everyone included. The other area too is looking throughout how we go-to-market with them, driving alignment in the comp models between EY and CrowdStrike is important, right? We always want to drive performance in the field and I think we’ve got good set up between the two organizations to make sure that people are really focused on delivering value to customers and creating these larger deals for both EY, as well as CrowdStrike.
George Kurtz: Yeah, thanks. Good to hear your voice. It has, you know, when you look at – we’re certainly early days of it, but when you look at what customers are looking for, they are looking for choice and they are looking for best of breed platforms. In the past, we’ve talked about best of breed products. Customers want best of breed platforms and they want to assemble them together. They are tired of building things on their own. They want these platforms to connect and interoperate and they are looking for the best of breed against the Microsoft and this is a great opportunity for us to put the pieces all together to provide an integrated solution that can add tremendous value to any organization and have it all work and we’ve seen CIO after CIO come to us and say, hey, we love this combination, because we want another alternative, we want the best of breed rather than having something that we’re locked into. So, so far so good, but still in the early days.
George Kurtz: Yeah, well, they’ve certainly spent a lot of time and effort moving past that situation they had and we certainly look forward to be part of a broader solution for them going forward, which we are. The deal came together actually very quickly, it was deployed very quickly and there was a lot of dissatisfaction with their current vendor, how they were being treated and again, they were looking for a more contemporary solution. They’ve looked, you know, they were very thorough in who they looked at across the market, they knew that we could deliver and we can deliver immediately with our value. To get an organization like that up and running in such a short period of time is unheard of. So, we’re excited to be partnering with them. They’ve got a fantastic team and we’re looking forward to the future to continue to become a great partner with them going forward.
George Kurtz: Well, I think it’s a good question and the reality is it goes across the board for both legacy and next-gen vendors. I’ve never seen a PowerPoint that was actually wrong, but when you put things into practice, things don’t work, right? So slideware I think is a big part of the industry unfortunately and when customers actually go through the testing process and we called out a few of them in this earnings call, the stuff doesn’t work in the lab, it’s hard to get rolled out it, incompatibility issues and you can’t just add marketing dollars to a legacy technology and hope it works, right, which is the reason why we started from scratch, born in the cloud, delivering from the cloud when we built CrowdStrike. So, there’s a lot of noise, but we continue to get through it as you’ve seen from the results today.
George Kurtz: Yeah, the majority of the deals are all partner-led. As a channel first company, just about all the deals go through the channel in some fashion. Some of them are sourced by us, some of them are sourced by the channel and in general, what we’ve seen and we’re really excited about is the fact that we’ve seen more deal registration from our partners, so deals being brought by the channel. Because there is a strong demand for our technology, our partners are winning, they’re making money with CrowdStrike and that will continue to grow, but then you have other areas like the AWS marketplace, right and these kind of unique marketplaces where we continue to see strong demand and success. So when we think about EY, we’re really excited because they’re just so embedded in large enterprises, they are so trusted and to have our technology as part of the solution worldwide is really a great win for us and them and the customer.
George Kurtz: Sure, when we started down – it’s a good question, we started down this journey some time ago, but when we think about what we do and the visibility we have, we know the state of that endpoint, right? We know the state of that workload and we know the identity of the users that are involved in it. That is a very unique set of data and we’ve got a tremendous amount of visibility there. So, our role in this is to provide identity information and trust information on what’s happening on that system and score and be able to provide that to an identity broker like Okta or [indiscernible] or others, right? So, they’re brokering the identities, they can provide additional challenges, things of that nature. So it works well together in tandem because we’re providing so much information to make better decisions for both our joint customers.
George Kurtz: Great. Well, I’d like to thank everyone for attending today. We appreciate everyone’s time. We wish everyone well and stay safe and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Thank you so much.
Burt Podbere: Hey, Saket. Thanks for your question and you’re right, services is a smaller piece of our business, but we are seeing strong momentum for our services business. As our brand continues to build, we’re getting more momentum, more inbound calls and so that’s a really good thing for us because as we talked about or as I talked about earlier, it results in platform deals and as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had a record number of seven-figure subscription ARR deals resulting from our service engagement. In terms of gross margins, yeah, we were very pleased with our gross margins that we achieved in Q3. In terms of outlook, we don’t really explicitly to gross margin – we don’t guide specifically to gross margin, but you can make inferences based on the guidance we did provide and generally speaking, you can see some seasonality in our services business, if there is a quarter with a lot of holidays, obviously, both revenue and gross margin dollars would go down. So that’s how we think about services in general.
Burt Podbere: Sure, Tal. Thanks for the question. I’ll take the first part and turn it over to George for the second part. So, of course, we don’t specifically guide until next year. We’re really excited about being able to go a little deeper in terms of what next year looks like next quarter and so for us, we’re extremely pleased with this quarter and we’re extremely pleased with the momentum that we’ve seen going into Q4. We enter Q4 with a record pipeline and I think that for us that’s a good signal in terms of what we’re seeing out there in terms of demand for our products. I’ll turn it over to George with respect to – your second part of your question.
Burt Podbere: Yeah, great question. So first, for Q3 and the overperformance, you got to have the nice backdrop of the heightened threat environment, the strong positive secular tailwinds, and a favorable competitive environment. Those were the things that were in the backdrop and I think the other – I think the biggest reason that we had overperformance in Q3 is that we executed extremely well on the record pipeline going in and so we saw customers continue to look for a security platform solution, which allowed them for easy adoption of modules and it’s clear that security remains mission critical to customers wherever they are regardless of size or the industry. I think what’s changed for us is that we’ve lowered our assumption on churn and contraction looking forward. I think we haven’t seen any movements with respect to that particular piece of the business. It’s been really stable for a really long time and we’re seeing customers adopt more, we’re seeing customers, as mentioned by George on the adoption rates of our customer base, we’re seeing them adopt more, we are seeing them move to the cloud more and they’re looking for value, which is what we’re able to provide.  So you combine all those things together and you’ve got a tremendous Q3 overperformance and then you’ve got the lowered assumption of churn and contraction looking forward, those things add up to what you’re seeing today. The good news for us when we think about value selling, when we think about even impacted industries is we’ve got solutions like Falcon Complete, which are good for constrained budgets with limited resources and we come in and we’re able to provide a solution that’s both highly effective and affordable. So that’s how we look at it.
Burt Podbere: So, great to hear from you and thanks for your comments. I think that it’s – when we think about professional services obviously as I mentioned earlier on the call, it really is strategic for us and it’s strategic in many ways, one of which you just described, the cross-sell. That’s a metric we follow closely. That’s a metric we actually compensate our teams with and that’s a metric we’re going to continue to monitor and try and accelerate and boost. Where it could go? Time will tell, but it’s something we are going to continue to invest in, it’s something we’re going to continue to pay on as that continues to be opportunistic for us.
