George Kurtz: Hey Saket, it’s a great question. When we talk to customers, particularly legacy SIEM customers, there’s absolutely an appetite to explore something that’s different, modern, more scalable and more cost effective. And again, we’ve been big fans of Humio. We continue to get the technology integrated and expand its capabilities. And when you think about Humio, you also have to think about Falcon XDR, right, in terms of its ability to ultimately subsume SIEM. And I think XDR, in general, will do that from a category perspective. So, it’s still in the early days, but we’re excited about the customer interest, what they want, the expansions that we’ve done in the quarter, the ability to actually consume, not only security data but observability data. And we’ll continue to iterate the product and get it out through the sales force. So, overall, very excited about it.
George Kurtz: Yes. Hey Brian, it’s George. When we look at our capabilities outside North America, again, we spend a lot of time building out the sales channels, building out the partner network. And you see that multiplier effect through our partners now, which are really excited. And we continue to expand our sales capabilities there. So, when you look at where we’d like to be in terms of increasing that revenue and the split between North America and rest of world, it was a great quarter for us. So I think Burt will probably add some other comments to it, but I think it’s reflective of the fact that we’ve got a great offering and the strong demand in all geographies.
George Kurtz: Yes. It’s been going well. A key part of our strategy is because there’s many agencies that can procure the product through the CISA contract, if you will. And the key area of focus is making sure that everyone is successful. It’s a great rollout. And like any category, you want to have your reference accounts, and that’s what we’ve been focused on. So, it’s tremendous interest. Folks understand our capabilities where we can help protect them, particularly in areas like identity. And they know it’s a leading product in the industry. So, we expect great things from Fed. And we also believe that, as I said before, 10 years in the making, we finally have these big contracts after we got the certifications that we needed. We think it’s going to be a long runway in federal, and not only federal, but state, local, and then you have federal type organizations that are around the world. So, we think we’re in a great spot there.
George Kurtz: Yes. So, when you think about our cloud offerings, a couple of points that I highlighted in the call is that we have both, agent and agentless. And that is the ability to actually gather cloud information at scale without an agent, understand the posture of what’s happening, understand misconfigurations and go beyond what our competitors do is we actually look for active attacks with our Indicator of Attack technology applied to it. And then you combine that with our agent and our Cloud Workload Protection. And that really is like the ultimate package. CNAPP, we talked about that in the call as well, and that has been well received. And as we pointed out in the April investor call, we’ve had many lands in just cloud organizations, particularly in big financial services companies, land in the cloud and then actually be able to cross-sell it into the internal network. So overall, we continue to iterate very rapidly, got great capabilities there, and it’s been really well received by our customers.
George Kurtz: I think when customers look at the impact of ransomware and now you’ve got lock and leak where they actually are disseminating this information and extorting customers. It’s just too critical to rely on an operating system vendor or the cheapest technology that’s out there. They’re looking at the viability of their business being impacted. They’re looking at wire transfers that are going out fraudulently. I mean, you go down the list of e-crime activities, and it continues to mushroom. So customers leveraging our trial, converting them into our e-commerce platform, upselling our modules, even upselling them into Falcon Complete customers, we can take a few thousand dollar deal and turn it into a $50,000 deal, leveraging the full suite of e-commerce technology as well as our inside sales team. And that has really driven efficiency in our organization as well as it’s reflected in things like our magic number that I talked about earlier.
George Kurtz: Yes, I’ll try the first part. No, we haven’t seen any slowdown in terms of the willingness to buy security. It continues to be the number one risk factor for any Board of Directors. Again, when you look at some of the e-crime impact and taking out business, it is not a discretionary spend. It’s -- in the hierarchy of corporate needs, it’s probably shelter. So, we see that continuing. And in fact, when you look at the current environment, we have a customer saying we want to consolidate more. We want to go in with -- all in with CrowdStrike. We want to get rid of this extra spend that we have in other areas, too many agents. And we can upsize our deals while decreasing the overall security spend by consolidating things like vulnerability management, by consolidating log management capabilities, et cetera. We can put it together and give them a much more effective technology with better outcome, lower cost and lower management concerns.
George Kurtz: And when we look at things like identity, which is part of the emerging module category, identity for me is the new EDR. A few -- it wasn’t that long ago that EDR was something new for folks. And now, organizations routinely adopt it. And we see the same sort of buying pattern with identity. If you have advanced endpoint protection using AI, if you add EDR and now you add identity, that’s a winning formula. So, we see a great opportunity to continue to sell into the installed base identity, and we talked about 30% quarter-over-quarter increase in identity. And we see a long runway. So, when we think about EDR, the next iteration of that will be adding identity to it.
George Kurtz: Sure. As we talked about over the course of the pandemic and prior earnings calls, we, certainly, in the beginning, saw some buying for people that were working at home. But that was short-lived. And I think on the back side, two years plus in the pandemic and coming out of it, I think if you look across the growth quarter-over-quarter, again, it’s reflective in a strong demand environment and not related to anything that’s pandemic. So, as we talked about before, digital transformation is happening, security transformation is moving to cloud. Those are all long-term sustainable trends. And after pretty much the first quarter or so of the pandemic, there’s not much to talk about in terms of corporate endpoints.
George Kurtz: Sure. And that’s certainly true. We’ve seen a lot of high-multiple companies go through some layoffs and some challenges in trying to conserve cash. I think from an M&A perspective, we are always looking at companies, and we will buy good companies with good people irrespective of the current environment. Obviously, as we think about what’s coming up, multiples compressing in various areas, including the private markets, we certainly will be disciplined as we look at those. And then, when we think about headcount, we are in a great position to be getting talent as some of these organizations are just forced to cut good people. So, we will be opportunistic in both, hiring great people as well as looking at potential M&A opportunities now and in the future.
George Kurtz: Yes. We haven’t seen any change. We continue to win at a very high rate. We’ve talked about that in the past. It’s a great competitive environment for us. We continue to convert. We talked about some of the Microsoft wins. Again, what customers are looking for are solutions that solve problems, stopping breaches, deals with some of the headcount problems that they have. They just can’t find enough good people, and ultimately saves them a lot of time and money by harmonizing their security stack in one platform, which is CrowdStrike. So, it’s still a big market. Burt talked about our market share on the last response. We’re looking to aggressively grow that, and there’s opportunities for others out there. But we believe we have the best technology, the best platform, the best AI. Testing results prove it as well and more importantly, customer success, the testimonials. And the proof is in the financial results, so. And we feel confident going into the future that we’ve got the right platform.
George Kurtz: Great. Well, I’d like to thank everyone for their time today. We feel it was a great quarter. And we look forward to chatting with everyone next quarter. Be safe, and thank you so much.
Burt Podbere: Hey Andy, great to hear your voice. So, as we talked about on our April 7th webinar, we went through the module growth dynamics. And we highlighted some of our products like Complete, which has been very, very successful for us. Then we talked about spotlight, and we talked about Identity Threat Detection, Horizon, Cloud Workload Protection. These are just some of the hyper-growth modules that we highlighted in the webinar. And that really means year-over-year growth rates are significantly higher than the overall customer growth. And so, we’re excited about those.
Burt Podbere: Yes. It’s a great question, and we’re continually focused on investing in territories outside of the U.S. When we talk about aggressive investing or investing aggressively, we think about not only product lines, when we think about geos. And that’s one area certainly that is a focus for us. We also think about, ultimately, we’d love to see 50-50 in terms of the split at some point. And in order to do that, we need to continue to invest. The great thing about what we saw in the results is that for rest of world is that it’s keeping pace to an incredible opportunity here in North America. And so, when you can keep pace with America, you’re doing really well. And in this quarter, we saw a slight uptick in terms of rest of world sales. So, we’re excited about where we’re headed.
Burt Podbere: Yes. So, our bigger customers, those over $1 million, as we talked about on the webinar in April, each of those customers has about 7 on average, just over 7 modules. In terms of landing new, we talked about in FY22, it’s 4.7. And that’s up from 4.3 from the year before.
Burt Podbere: Yes. Very good question. And we were quite excited by the acquisition. And I think, again, when you look at the shared donor that Symantec has imparted on us, we were happy to see Carbon Black and VMware to be acquired. So we’ve continued to replace Carbon Black over the last few years. And after the acquisition, we certainly had a lot of customer interest in what that means for Carbon Black customers, in particular, how CrowdStrike can help them in a long-term relationship. So, we’ll see how it all plays out. But given what we’ve seen in the past with Symantec, we’re pretty positive.
Burt Podbere: Yes. No, it’s definitely part of the equation when we think about our long-term operating margin target model. So, as I think about hitting the 20% to 22% long-term model, that’s a piece of it, right? I think, we spend as much time on go-to-market execution and flighting how that is all going to work just as much as we do on the tech. And for us, that’s a bet that I think where we think is very, very derisked. And I think that we’ve got lots of examples where we’ve seen success of companies that are able to fight it well, not in security. And so, we believe that we’ve got a great opportunity.
Burt Podbere: Yes. And to add, I really don’t see any additional discounting coming my way. And when there is an opportunity on the table and there is discounting involved that is -- at a high level, it comes to me, and I really haven’t seen any change from the past.
Burt Podbere: Hey Shaul, great to hear your voice. It’s a question I often get and I love, because at this point, we’re still seeing net new ARR coming from both, new logo and cross-sell and upsell. And we feel we have a lot of runway in both. We’ve got a -- we have a tremendous amount of headway in terms of new logos. We’ve had just number -- we have just under 18,000. You look at one of our competitors like Symantec that had over 300,000 at one point, and we’ve got a long way to go. And then, the machine of being able to cross-sell into our existing base is there as well. And so, as we continue to add new logos, we have -- we continue to have opportunities to cross-sell. So, we’re getting it from both sides. And today, I see it both -- equal opportunity.
Burt Podbere: Yes. So it goes back to -- I think it starts with security right now is, let’s call it, recession-resilient. We think we’re in a great spot to continue to maintain our number one market share in endpoint. And I think that we are going to continue to invest. And really, what does that mean? It means to enhance and gain in market share, in 2019, we had a market share of around 6.3% in endpoint. And today, we’re in that 12.6% range from -- this is all IDC. We think there’s a real opportunity to increase that. We think by investing in the channel, in people, in go-to-market, we think we have an advantage over everybody else because we’re such a well-run company and we’ve got a lot of opportunity to invest. Our balance sheet and our P&L are allowing us to do that. And we’re going to press that advantage. And we’re going to go after some great people that have been let go by some of our competitors.
