Burt Podbere: Yeah. So I would agree, George. I think at the end of the day, for us, when we're thinking about the different products that are in our portfolio, it's really about the platform. We sell the platform. Regardless of what are the products that are in the platform, they all kind of work off of each other, and we're just out there solving as many outcomes as we possibly can.
Burt Podbere: Yeah, I think, George, look, at the end of the day, we sell on value. And we've never been a company that's done deep discounting. We've never been a company that has increased our prices to get more ARRs. That's not us. And at the end of the day, for us, we're here to help customers get the greatest amount of outcomes at the lowest TCO period. And to George's point, free is not free, and good is not good enough.
Burt Podbere: Yeah. So I think that we're very excited about both the partnerships, both Dell and Pax8. They represent additional routes to market, but it's still early days on both of them, as George had mentioned. But they're one of many routes to market. We do believe that they're going to bring deals to us. And we're excited to have them on board as partners.
Burt Podbere: Hi, Matt. Thanks. So with respect to ARR, obviously, we don't guide to it. But we have talked about in the past where we've started the year in Q1 and build and that's kind of really all I can really comment on ARR. You can kind of infer where we're going with our guide. And -- but at the end of the day, our guide, the methodology has remained consistent, and that's how we think about it.
George Kurtz: Hey, Rob. So I think it's a couple of things. One is, for sure it's about the platform. But second, Q4 is historically we've seen a lot more of the multi-year deals. We also see more renewals in Q4 as well. But billings in general, remember it's a noisy metric right? It's heavily influenced by duration and timing of deals within the given quarter. But having said that, at the end of the day, we do manage the business to ARR. And that's the one that we focus in on. Billings for us is just an aftermath. You're right. It was a strong billing quarter, but that's not really how we run the business.
George Kurtz: Sure. Well, we're excited about this because not only do we get the classification of data, but we also get the runtime protection in the cloud. So it's a perfect fit for our data protection module. And again, what I talked about in prepared remarks was that, there's a lot of similarities to what I saw when I started the company in legacy AV to legacy DLP. I don't even like the term DLP we call data protection, because it's really about how data flows and data in motion not only in a company's organization but through all of their cloud and all of the applications. So I think it's a perfect fit. We're excited about the team. We're excited about the technology that will be integrated, of course, as part of our platform. We spent a lot of time on that, making sure the customer has got the right user experience. And we'll get this acquisition closed out in the next couple of weeks, and then we'll be heads down with the integration. But so far, so good on our data protection module. We've got some wins there and a tremendous amount of interest in replacing the legacy DLP technologies.
George Kurtz: Well, again, I mean I can -- I try to focus on what we've been able to do. And as the leader in the space, we've been solving problems for a long time. And when we look about -- we look at the impact that ransomware and some of these very prominent breaches have had, you're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars for companies. So to buy a platform that has the capabilities to stop breaches is really what customers are looking at. And when we think about sort of one-off modules or things of that nature, for us, we're looking at the total package and the solution of what we put together. And of course, it's a competitive environment, but you have to have a competitive product, you have to have the right level of innovation, and you have to have the right go-to-market motion, which we talked about in some of the prepared remarks. So it has been competitive. It has -- will be competitive. But at the end of the day, what we're finding is that customers want the right outcome. And we've seen the free is not free, and we see that good enough is not good enough. And I think customers are smart enough to realize the difference between price and total cost. And that's what we've been able to show with every dollar spent on CrowdStrike is a $6 return on their investment. And we're going to continue to deliver value and outcomes for customers.
George Kurtz: Yes. Sure, I can. Thanks, Alex. It's a great . And I do remember our early conversations finally, and you're absolutely right about being the platform for cybersecurity when I started the company. So when we think about architecture, architecture does matter and really what we've created is a very data-centric architecture that allows us to get data at scale into our platform leverage our AI and then create the outcomes. It's that collect once we use many. We have a single platform. Our competitors have many other platforms as they call them. We have a single agent. Our competitors have five, six, seven, eight, depending on the competitors. So when we look at our architecture, it was really designed from the beginning to solve the problems of today and the future problems. And the result of that is ease of use, the outcome that a customer is looking for, stopping breaches and lowering the cost and future bringing what they want. I've -- in a prior life, I've been involved in companies that acquired a lot of products. And I can tell you, it is near impossible to stitch all this stuff together, particularly at the agent level unless you're very diligent about it. And I can tell you from a CrowdStrike perspective, we've been very diligent about our acquisitions, as you've seen, and thoughtful on the pricing. But also what's important to realize is that we bought products and we really haven't sold some of them for the better part of 18 months because we wanted to focus on the integration, things like identity. And now we see the fruits of our labor. So it's this focused, long-term diligent approach to our acquisitions, I think, that have helped us because we started with a very innovative cloud-native platform from the beginning.
George Kurtz: Well, yes, that is the goal. We already have paying customers in Charlotte. We just released it. So the good news for us, and I think the good news for our customers is they see the value and they're willing to pay for it. Obviously, we're in the early innings of this, but the way we've architected as a foundational component of our platform, it allows us to create expertise around different areas of the platform as well as automation. Leveraging the native automation capabilities that we have. So our overall goal, again, is how do you drive automation in the stock, how do you modernize the stock? And how do you take the collective wisdom of CrowdStrike and its years of knowledge in fast categories and bring that to bear for customers big and small. And so far, we've gotten the response from customers where they understand the time savings and the value that it can bring. So more to come on this. Obviously, we just GA-ed it over the last week or so. But overall, I'm very encouraged by what we're hearing and seeing from customers.
George Kurtz: Well, I've got to tell you that the customer excitement around Falcon for IT is off the charts. When we talked about at Falcon and now that's generally available, customers are looking for a better solution in this area. And one of the things that we found is that the security team has been solving a lot of IT problems and challenges for IT for a long time, and we really needed to carve out a home for IT. So when you look at some of our competitors in that market, it's -- obviously, it's a pretty big market, but having a single agent and the ability to actually solve IT problems, which many of our customers were doing already is fantastic. So again, early days, but the feedback and the interest is off the charts for Falcon for IT, and it goes to the heart of how we built the platform. To collect data doesn't have to be security data. It can be almost any data related to either our agent first-party data or now third-party data we can ingest. And that solves many use cases beyond what we originally came to market with. So I think the sky is the limit there.
George Kurtz: So I want to thank all of you for your time today. We appreciate your interest and certainly look forward to seeing you at our upcoming investor events. Thank you so much.
