Burt Podbere: It's a good question. But in regards to pricing and it's been the same way for quite some time, discounting has remained consistent with prior quarters. And I think it highlights the differentiation of our platform and the value we bring to customers. We talk about value selling for quite some time. So it's allowing customers to center on us and take off other vendors, and that allows us to offer our customers lower total cost of ownership. And that really matters. In terms of the platform, I'll turn it over to George to talk a little bit about that.
Burt Podbere: I'll start. Sterling, so when we think about our Cloud Workload Protection, so right now, what we can tell you is that it's growing, it's continuing to grow, and we've seen growth in the amount of opportunities that are available to us in the cloud. Right now, we -- what we do talk about is the fact that 25% of our servers that we protect are in the cloud. So that's just giving you an indication of where we're going. Maybe George has a couple of other comments on that.
Burt Podbere: Yes. So first, let me start with operating margin in total. So we're really proud of where we came in this quarter, over 13%. And a lot of that is attributable, obviously, to the unit economics that we were able to garner certainly on the sales side. So whether you pick magic number or you pick Rule of 40 that we talked about in the prepared remarks, that's driving a lot of that operating margin. When we think about the future, I think about a few things. One is that we have opportunity starting at the gross margin level. I think that we -- not long ago, I raised the long-term range of our gross margin expansion capabilities and opportunities, and I think that we have an opportunity to do that, and we're investing to do that. And then as you go down the rest of the P&L, I think that as we continue to grow in scale, we're looking for opportunities to continue to leverage our strong model. But at the same time, we want to invest aggressively. We're not going to move away from that strategy. And then in R&D, I think in investing in innovation is key and core to who we are. So I think that we're going to continue to keep our eye on that and invest in exactly what I talked about to be able to go after that massive opportunity that we see ahead of us. So that's how we think about it.
Burt Podbere: Brian, it's Burt. I'll take that one. So first, we're really pleased with the Yes, no problem. We are very pleased with the net new logo adds in the quarter. It's also, I think, the fact that we were able to show acceleration in net new ARR was a big deal for us. Over 1,600 new logos, that's the second time we hit that high watermark, again, really excited about the performance on the net logos. In terms of where they came in on, I think that we had exceptional performance across the board. If I was to kind of highlight anything in particular, we saw some strength in the enterprise and the mid-market as well as MSSP. And so when you put that all together, along with some of the prepared remarks on the increase in the $1 million deals, you were able to see the performance that we were able to put on the board. And remember, I talked about the fact that we had no outside or no oversized or outside deals that contributed to this quarter. And that's the -- that, again, talks to the strength of the platform and the broad-based success that we had this quarter.
Burt Podbere: Sure. So first, let me start with that Q4 is off to a great start. We've got the record pipeline, record momentum, and we already landed a notable financial large financial -- global financial institution, so off to a great start in Q4. But again, we're coming off of a record Q3 at $170 million net new ARR super proud of that record and obviously really strong throughout this year. So when you -- when we look at comps, obviously, my comments are more to the fact that when we guide and we're guiding to revenue, we don't guide to running the tables. We guide to what we know, not to what we don't know. And so that comment just wanted to put everything into perspective for us. The numbers are getting bigger and bigger, and that's great for us. But as you know, when you think about the law of large numbers, then you're going to have -- and you don't guide to running the tables, that's why I put that comment in there.
Burt Podbere: It's Burt. Can you just repeat the main bulk of your question because it got garbled a little bit? Your line is open.
George Kurtz: As Burt said, a big part of what we're doing is being able to consolidate other vendors. Agent consolidation, agent fatigue is a big issue that's out there. And obviously, we have a broad platform that's differentiated and works, and that's the key aspect of the platform that it actually works. And you've seen in the transcript that there was a large nonprofit hospital that went with a next-gen vendor on price and two months later was back with us and deploying because it didn't work. And I think that's a big part of it. You also have to look at things like identity, look at things like Falcon Complete. These are truly differentiated services. And when you look at the breadth of what we're doing, obviously, we're way more than just an endpoint company when you look at what we're focused on and the value we're delivering, and that's how we continue to win and drive the right pricing for us and obviously, good value for our customers.
George Kurtz: Sure. Well, we're really proud of that win. And I think it really is a signature win given the directives that came out of the U.S. government. We're certainly proud to protect the U.S. government. When you look at Falcon as a whole in the platform, it was tailor-made to help protect the government an adversary focused approach using next-gen technologies, AI powered, very broad in what we're doing. And again, at the end of the day, our goal is to stop breaches. Again, a truly differentiated offering that we have is our intelligence. Most vendors don't have what we have, certainly not the next-gen vendors, and that's a key aspect of what we do and part of the whole data element to CrowdStrike. So we're excited about this win. We believe it is a big opportunity for us. Obviously, we've got this win, but there's more expansion capabilities and can protect the U.S. government as well as many governments around the world.
George Kurtz: Yes. And the 25% is up as we've talked about in prior calls. So when we think about Cloud Workload Protection or cloud security has two pieces to it, and we have both. One is workload protection, and that is really runtime protection visibility across virtual environments, containers, et cetera. The second one is Cloud Security Posture Management, if you will, Falcon Horizon, which we continue to really drive innovation through, and that's an agentless technology that ties into many of the APIs as a cloud provider. So now we cover all three cloud providers. It drives a lot of value very quickly. And again, we have a unique offering because it combines the visibility from an API perspective with runtime protection with a lot -- which is differentiated from a lot of the other competitors, including the private companies that are out there. So we feel really good about it, and we continue to drive and sell into the DevOps space. And I think we've really honed our skills in being able to sell value into that space and get people up to speed without a lot of friction.
George Kurtz: Well, thanks, Alex. It's a great question. And I think if folks are looking at us as just an endpoint company, pigeonholed endpoint company, they're really missing the big picture. I mean that's as simple as I could say it. We've proven that we are a platform company, as I said before, the sales force of Security 21 modules. You can look at the attach rates. And when you talk to customers and if folks really do their homework, and they talk to customers, they will see the value, and they see how we're consolidating there. So when we think about XDR, you have to start with the best EDR in the market, which is ours. It's been validated by Gartner and others and IDC, I mean, down the list. And the extension of EDR is XDR, right? And as a company who pretty much pioneered cloud-delivered endpoint security with Threat Graph and the massive data moat that we have by combining that with some of the technology we acquired from Humio and our Threat Graph. I think we're in a unique position to be able to drive additional threat detection outcomes as well as the declaration of the threat narrative, right, the attack narrative. And that's independent of Humio as a stand-alone log management observability platform. So we're really driving a lot of innovation in this area. And to your point, if you are just kind of a SIEM vendor now trying to glom on to XDR as an acronym, it's not going to work. You have to start with the best EDR in the world. And in my opinion, that's CrowdStrike.
George Kurtz: Yes. Thanks, Matt. It's a good question, and we're excited about this technology. And again, it goes to our strategy of consolidating agents and getting rid of other technologies that are costly and complex and weigh the system down. When you think about FIM, it's pure and simple compliance requirement. When you think about things like PCI and in the financial services industry, you have to understand what files change and who changed them and implement controls around that. So we've been able to do a lot of that for a long time. We've enhanced some features, put it into a module. And it's been extremely well received because it is literally a check box for just about any company that's out there, given the current regulatory frameworks and the various standards that exist.
George Kurtz: Yes. Anything in the federal government is competitive, as you know. Just -- that's by design, that's the way to do it and certainly believe in great partnership with them, and we believe it's a great technology choice and a proven technology choice and something that I've been saying for a long time that the government needs. So we're excited about the early partnership here. And when you think about threat intelligence, again, having a very unique group, there's maybe one other company that has an intelligence capability as robust as ours. And they're not in the endpoint security space anymore. So from my perspective, it drives value, not only for the U.S. government, but it really is a differentiator across all of our customers, right? We understand what the adversary is doing. We understand how to identify these sort of attacks. We program that into our AI technologies. And again, taking an adversary-focused approach is important to stopping breaches. And then you combine that with other services that we have and some of the managed services, again, very differentiated and I think going to be a great outcome for the government.
George Kurtz: I think it's a largely greenfield opportunity. Obviously, you have a lot of early-stage companies out there, but this is so early in the life cycle, and it's a massive opportunity for all the players that are out there. We think we're in a great position because a lot of the players actually don't have the run time protection, which is important. You have to tie those two together. It just -- it isn't just about connecting, getting information from APIs, right? And although we do that in a differentiated way because we've basically ported some of our indicator of attack technology across that agentless technology, tying them together, I think, is really important for customers. A lot of these big wins involve cloud wins. Burt talked about the number of servers that we have. So tying together CSPM with Cloud Workload Protection and things even like vulnerability management, we have that technology. Yes, it works against desktops, but we can be inserted in the CICD pipeline. We can look for vulnerabilities that are in images, we can prevent them from being deployed. So these are all key elements of creating a technology that's widely adopted by DevOps.
George Kurtz: Well, we've had some big wins this past quarter with Humio, even outside security. Certainly, security is a use case, but observability and telemetry, it really is a telemetry platform. And if you think about today's environment, all the various technologies out there, all the information they're gathering, you have to have a telemetry platform like Humio to make sense of it all at scale. So, it's been an amazing opportunity for us since acquiring the Company. I think we underappreciated what a huge opportunity is out there, particularly a lot of dissatisfaction with current vendors, and how open people are to wanting to switch into a technology like Humio. We've got a lot of customers that we're working with right now. And I see that, as I said before, really as a shining star, as a massive business opportunity and revenue driver for us in the future.
George Kurtz: Well, it's a good question. Falcon XDR is going to give you essentially a threat detection outcome and some visibility into an attack scenario that starts beyond the endpoint. When you think about a Humio, you can log everything. You can store it pretty much forever. You can connect it to whatever you want to connect it to, and you can drive observability information from things that are outside just core security, things like connecting it to your HR system, to your performance management systems, to all the various workflows in your environment. That's not the use case of XDR. Security use cases XDR and Humio goes way beyond that.
George Kurtz: Sure. Sure. Let me just clarify to be very specific. It was 30% quarter-over-quarter on MSSP growth and triple digits year-over-year. So we're extremely partner-friendly. I think there's a lot of noise in the system, and people probably should talk to some of the larger partners that are out there because that's where we are sourcing our business from. Our partner opportunities are up. Our partners are making a lot of money jointly with us. And our goal is to be a partner-first company. So -- and that's what we've done. We've been very consistent with that. And as you said, it's -- and you rightly point out a lot of FUD that's in the environment.
George Kurtz: Demand is broad-based across the board, and it really hit an inflection point. We've seen massive growth in it, as we said, more than all Preempt that they had as a stand-alone company. And the thing is we took the time and effort to do the integration right. Customers see the value of a single integrated agent. They understand that identity is critical to security. And we're the Company that's putting together runtime protection visibility with identity. And now with data protection, it's that triumvirate, that three-legged stool, and customers love it. So we've seen some massive wins in retail, in financial services, in manufacturing. It is a massive problem across the board for any company. And as we pointed out, over 60% of the breaches don't even use malware. They're using things like identity, which when you look at the Sunburst attack from last year, obviously, that was a key contributor. So people are looking to shore that up. And it's actually a key element to stopping ransomware, above and beyond any malware prevention that's out there. So customers understand the value of it, and they understand that we have another stone, and it's been a big driver for us.
George Kurtz: Well, it has. And when you look at some of the companies that we've talked about in the past, I mean, there's a lot. I'm sure I can't single everyone out, but I think Zscaler is a good example. You look at that partnership, you look at what we're doing, what they're doing on the network side, the integrations that we're able to share data, what we're doing with -- from an XDR perspective, and it makes sense. We're pulling them into deals. They're pulling us into deals, and we're meeting in the field and adding value to the customers and obviously gaining a lot of traction with those customers. And that's just one example. We're doing that across the board in our technology alliance partnerships.
George Kurtz: I see it extremely strong. And when you look at the market in its totality, right, you have things like cloud adoption, cloud expansion, massive opportunity, and we've proven that with servers and what we're doing there. When you look at the legacy players that are out there, the replacements, the Symantecs, the McAfees, Microsofts, et cetera, massive opportunity for us, that's a long tail. You don't do that in one year. So we see that as a big driver for next year. And as I pointed out, even -- I mean, it's a smaller base, but even the next-gen players, we see those as opportunities as customers get dissatisfied as I pointed out with some of the players that are out there. So -- and you got to bifurcate a bit into pure endpoint and cloud, and I see both as massive opportunities because, again, if you look at our overall customer count, it's fantastic, but it's still small in the grand scheme of customers that are out there. And there's still a lot of legacy technologies that are out there that are and will be displaced.
George Kurtz: I want to thank all of you for your time today, and we certainly appreciate your interest and look forward to seeing you virtually at our upcoming investor events. Thanks again. Be safe, and we'll see you soon.
