George Kurtz: Well, I feel good about that opportunity. And if you look at our current market leadership and -- market-leading leadership at 17.8% for modern endpoint security. It's still a very fragmented market and we continue to take share from the legacy players that are in the market. Again, when you look at different geographies, obviously, we've got heavier penetration in North America, but there's many geographies in the rest of the world that still have to be penetrated deeper, particularly in converting those legacy players. So I feel really good about it. It's a fragmented market. If you just look at the numbers and the ongoing conversion of legacy technologies into next-gen players like CrowdStrike will continue for the foreseeable future.
George Kurtz: Hey, Sterling. How are you? So number one, let's talk about the impacts -- number one, let's talk about the impacts of the banking crisis. So for us, there was not a material impact on ARR from the banks. I think the impact of churn from the banking industry was really de-minimis. And we continue to close deals with regional banks in the quarter. Banks in particular need robust cyber defenses. Overall gross retention remained high and best-in-class. So we felt pretty good in terms of that particular piece of the segment. In terms of overall billings, billings is, of course, for us quite cyclical and it is driven primarily through seasonality. So Q4 has our largest deals and the renewals that came up have an impact and then the impact falls into Q1, which we would see overall decrease. So that's how we think about it. And as you know, the business is focused on ARR, as opposed to billings, which can be -- which can have whipsaw effects and the focus on ARR, just gives you an idea about the overall health of the business.
George Kurtz: Well, we continue to see and we have seen for some period of time adversarial AI. So the use of AI, specifically by the adversary to try to deceive security systems. So that's been going on for some time. I think what we're seeing now with generative AI and LLMs is the fact that it becomes very easy for even a novice adversary to be able to have the same capabilities as a nation-state to create new exploits, new vulnerabilities to be able to deliver phished emails, et cetera. So that will be an ongoing effort. And again, we're really excited about Charlotte AI, which we announced this week. I think it's an absolute game changer for us and the company and what we're able to do to really compress the workloads for analysts and provide a lot of the intelligence that we have and our analysts have right through the Falcon platform. So we'll continue to monitor that, but that's been an ongoing activity that we've seen for some time.
George Kurtz: Well, there is a lot of noise and when you look at XDR and what we've talked about with our use of AI in terms of really driving additional leverage in the business, it does help to automate a lot of what we do and we can now provide that level of automation in a complete offering, because XDR is still -- as an industry it is still an immature technology. I think wrapping it with a complete service really allows customers to have peace of mind, they can allow us to take in that third-party data, leverage the models that we've already built to get better outcomes, faster response, and drive down their overall operational costs.
George Kurtz: Well, it's something that's really foundationally built into the platform and we believe it's going to drive a lot of additional adoption of modules and platform usage throughout the customer base. So we'll start there. As it evolves over time, we'll look to see if we will monetize it with specific SKUs, but I think first and foremost let's get into the customer base, let's iterate it, let's leverage the data advantage that we have because as I've talked about in the earnings call, we've got 10 years of being able to train these algorithms and I think as most know, it really is the human interaction that allows those LLMs to shine and we've got I think a real advantage because we've got 10 years of attack paring, if you will, with data and how the attacks work that can be used for training. So we're going to get it out in the customer base, continue to iterate it. And then I believe it will drive more adoption of the platform modules and then we'll see how we'll monetize it after that from a separate SKU perspective.
George Kurtz: Sure, I'll start out and then Burt can add anything if he needs to. So Falcon Go has been a success for us. We continued to target the SMB market. I think I called out in one of the prior earnings calls, how we organized ourselves internally. We've got a specific focus and a leader on that. We've seen a lot of success there and we'll also -- I need to call out the pairing to our success in the MSP market and partnership like Pax8 which really allows us to get those lower-cost offerings out to customers through managed service providers. So, it's a big market for us in SMB, it's a very highly fragmented market. You have some players there, but we've been successful because customers are looking for outcomes. You talked about Microsoft. Customers routinely come to us after they get hit with ransomware, after they have an issue and looking for next gen solution, it doesn't depend on signatures. So we see success there, we've got to ramp our channels up. We're working with Dell and others and managed service providers. But I feel really good about that opportunity and that will continue to grow over time.
George Kurtz: Sure. I think I'll start with consolidation and I'll reference back to what I spoke about in the prepared remarks. Every customer that we spoke to and I spoke to many, many customers at RSA. And even throughout the quarter, it was really about consolidation. I think we've done a good job of showing a very cost-compelling model for them where they're actually paying less than [indiscernible] for the security pieces particularly CrowdStrike and they are getting better outcomes. So there are many customers that have said, we want to consolidate on CrowdStrike. We want to buy more. Obviously, these take -- these sort of bigger deals take time. They have more deal scrutiny those sort of things, but that's what we're seeing and that's I think reflected in what we saw this quarter and certainly what we've seen growing in the pipeline as customers want to do more with CrowdStrike.
George Kurtz: No, we actually saw strong demand and results in SMB. I think we've got a great model, we've got the right technology for it and we're solving outcomes, right? When you look at not only the technology itself, obviously, you can buy Falcon Go as a customer, but you can also buy Falcon Complete, we have many SMB customers, many, many that are Falcon Complete customers. Why? Because it's a very compelling proposition from a price perspective, they couldn't even fill one head for the cost of what we're charging them and they're getting the best in the world in terms of security. So, we have not seen a slowdown in SMB. We've got, I think really good traction there. And at the end of the day, as you pointed out, it's still a fragmented market and it's a smaller part of our overall revenue. So we see great future opportunity with it and didn't see any impact of last quarter.
George Kurtz: Thanks, Brian. Great question. So one, overall, we've had a very methodical approach in how we look at the various aspects of the model. So first, we focused on gross margin. And you can see the progress that we've made there. Second piece was focusing on non-GAAP profitability and free cash flow, free cash flow, as you know, which is 30%. And that is something that's ongoing. Third evolution is GAAP profit which we will continue to focus on and drive towards achieving sustainability. Of course, SBC is the biggest piece of that. We continued to manage SBC and we are going to be mindful balanced with retaining the best and the brightest talent that's paramount for us. We also look to dilution. Our dilution, we feel is in a good place, less than 2% this year, strive to keep it under 3% in the year that are coming. So overall, we are very pleased with hitting the GAAP profitability and believe it demonstrates the power of model and that we are disciplined in our growth and we are disciplined in how we see the market today. Everything we do is by the time, it's not a fluke. We think about it. In terms of where we can extend and how we can extend, but for us with the SBC, we really focus on making sure we are able to get the best talent and retain the best talent and attract the best talent. That's how we really think about it. And for us, we're going to look forward to when we reach sustainability, but we have other things we're going after right now including that retention and attraction.
George Kurtz: Sure. While we've seen strength in many different areas, we had some incredible wins with LogScale. I'm really seeing the momentum on that, there's a real need in the industry for faster, better, cheaper logging and customers are looking for a solution, so that was great to see. I think when you look at identity, this is one of those areas where just like EDR in the early days, it wasn't necessarily budgeted and what we're starting to see now is that companies are actually budgeting in current and future budgets for identity, just like XDR -- sorry, EDR as an emerging product. And the third area is cloud. We had some incredible cloud wins. We've packaged up our offering to include both agent and agentless on the cloud as basically one SKU, customers can use it, they love the fact that they're getting results from both agent and agentless technologies. And that is a true differentiator in the environment -- the competitive environment. So overall, when you look at a lot of these areas that I have called out in the past, it's full-speed ahead on them and we continue to add more capabilities and I'm really excited about the product lineup that we have for this fiscal year.
George Kurtz: Yes, Greg, on the question regarding LLMs, obviously there is some great technology that's already out there. And I think our view is to leverage LLMs. It's a very similar concept to be able to leverage different cloud providers, leverage the LLMs that to you for a particular purpose. It doesn't mean we couldn't build our own, but I think what's important and I called this out in the prepared remarks is the fact that the training is one of the areas that really makes an LLM shine and I think many people have seen that just with their understanding of ChatGPT, these things have to be trained or you get hallucinations in terms of the results -- spurious results if you will. So from our standpoint, we believe the pairing of the Threat Graph with annotated threat data over the last 10 years is and will continue to be a sustainable advantage of barrier entry because we've already done a lot of that kind of human training and we can take advantage and interchange LLMs within our own dataset to provide the best outcome depending on what we're looking for. So we'll leverage what's out there, we may build some of our own, but I think more importantly, we've got the right dataset to get the training, the way we need it.
George Kurtz: Sure, as I mentioned in prior comments, we're excited about IL5, it does open up, I think a much bigger federal opportunity. We had some really nice wins in the quarter. And that's one, again it's slow and steady, you've just got to get in. It may take a while to get deals done, but they last a long time and they are big and medium, so we continued to drive forward on that and I think this IL5 certification opens up more doors for us.
George Kurtz: Well, I just wanted to thank everyone for their time and attention, and we appreciate the questions and we look forward to seeing you next quarter. Thank you so much.
Burt Podbere: Yes. Hey, great question. So first, let's talk a little bit about the second half, obviously, the easier comps in the back half, right? So that's number one. And then, what really gives us confidence going into the second half is three things. One is pipeline. We see momentum and deal activity rapidly building for the second half. It really started in the middle of Q1 and we saw that momentum to be able to build the pipe from the second half. So that is number one. Number two, products, we were excited about LogScale, George talked about it a lot, we've given some examples. So we think that there is a great opportunity with LogScale, we're also seeing momentum in cloud. I think that's something that we're really excited about and AR power XDR now with Charlotte and George has already talked about that. And then third, our partnerships. Whether it's Dell or Pax8 or others that are coming online, we think that can be something that will move the needle for us in the second half. So the key here is cyber security remains mission critical. And I think customers want to consolidate and drive down TCO, more than ever and Falcon is designed to do exactly that. So I think that when you look at the overall module adoption and we talk about -- we closed over 50% more deals involving eight or more modules this quarter compared to a year ago, that gives -- that speaks to the power of our platform. And so all those things give us confidence about what we talked about in -- for the second half and stated assumptions remain same.
Burt Podbere: Yes. Good question. So one, we're tracking plan, we're still early days obviously with Dell. We called out a one-seven-figure deal with a regional healthcare company that was brought to through our partnership with Dell in the quarter. And obviously, with any new alliance, it does take time to gain traction. So the numbers that are coming from that Dell partnership, we anticipate to grow over time. But in terms of a big piece of the quarter, not yet, right, we have great expectations. But like anything else, those things do take time and -- but we are still affected about it.
Burt Podbere: I'll take the second part of the question, Tal. So we really haven't seen a material difference in terms of the mix between [indiscernible] install base and net-new logos versus last quarter. We do think that we will see over time as our installed base gets larger, they have more opportunities to sell to our installed base. Having said that, we still think we have a lot of headroom in terms of net-new logos. We have a long way to go and we talked about that on earlier calls. So overall, we're really pleased with our opportunity in both net-new logos from a new logo standpoint and from a cross-sell upsell opportunity.
Burt Podbere: Hi, Greg. I'll take the first part of that question. So as you know, we called out that we expect to see in the long-term, the shift from multi-year deals to one-year deals. I think that's traditional in software. But we do not see a material shift in the trend this quarter when compared to the last quarter. So just be very, very clear on that point. Deal durations are getting shorter, but are expected and it remains within the parameters of how we've modeled out our overall business.
Burt Podbere: Thanks, Alex. Few things to unpack there, so let's start with in terms of larger deals, again we closed over 50% more deals involving more modules this quarter, compared to a year ago. I think this really speaks to the fact that customers really want to do the consolidation play, they want to continue to leverage Falcon platform as a means to get the right outcomes at the right price. In terms of the overall environment, so first big picture in the macro, we don't see the macro improving now and for the rest of the year. So with that as a backdrop, when we think about deal durations, yeah, sure we think deal durations are going to be shorter. I think people are going to -- in terms of their size, they are going to be longer to be able to consummate. And that goes to the additional scrutiny that we're continuing to see from companies looking to do bigger deals takes more time. And so, when we think about that all perspective, we know that there's going to be deals that are going to be more difficult to close within a particular quarter. And so, we've modeled that in. I think that overall with respect to some of the other metrics that you had mentioned, I think that for one, I think that for our net-new ARR, we are going to maintain the assumptions that we stated previously. I think that's the right thing to do. With that, I'll pass it over to George to talk about that.
Burt Podbere: Well. For us, we're really pleased with where we're going with our margins, across the gross margin, you saw the progress that we've made there. We've talked about the continued developments for optimization, in our -- certainly in our data centers, as well as our cloud workloads. And then the progress that we're making in AI, we built into everything we do and we've been doing it for 10 years. We do anticipate to continue to see those improvements. And just out of memory -- just as to remind you Ittai, we've been doing AI from the beginning, just as we did cloud from beginning, it was -- those two were hand-in-hand and the good news there is we've got, as George had mentioned, over 10 years, all of that AI and the training on the AI and that's a massive head-start over any one of our other competitors.
Burt Podbere: Sure, so the comment was meant to be throughout the quarter. As we go into deals, we're seeing customers want to consolidate more and that takes more time because they're adding more modules with us. So they're looking to spend more with us, but then reduce other spends from other competitors, and in a sense, they're actually thinking about better outcomes overall in the security space and beyond, and how to get it at a cheaper price. And that's again, things that we've talked about from day one. And we're seeing that happen today. So, throughout the quarter that we're seeing both additional deal scrutiny what I just mentioned, but also they do take longer and that's throughout the entire quarter.
Burt Podbere: Well, specifically around LogScale, you see a massive increase in terms of our compression algorithms and our ability to store data and I think one of the areas where you look at LogScale and just a simple view of it is better, faster, cheaper and that's what we've seen, we've had some big customers that are using that really as their, call it, their data like if you will. They can store lots of data on-prem or many of them in the cloud for a very cost-efficient -- in a very cost efficient manner and they still get the performance. So I think the architecture, which is a modern architecture around LogScale really does give us an advantage there. And that's been borne out by customers in their own testing.
Burt Podbere: Yes. I think Cyber insurance for a lot of customers is very difficult to get and it's actually gone up in cost. So we have many customers that as part of CrowdStrike acquisition are baking in their ability; A, get cyber insurance; and B, in many cases, being able to reduce the overall cost because many of the cyber insurance providers recognize with CrowdStrike in place overall risk is dramatically going to be reduced. So that's what we've seen. I don't know that there is any anomalies one way or another, but it's continued problem in the industry to actually get cyber insurance and it is part of our overall value proposition to a customer to be able to; A, help them get it; and B, reduce their overall cyber insurance costs.
