George Kurtz: Sure. Thanks, Heather. So let's talk about where we're seeing some of this activity. There's a couple of areas that I focused on in my prepared remarks. Number one is AWS, we're seeing a tremendous amount of momentum as customers are looking to protect those cloud workloads. And again, when we think about our opportunity, it's not just endpoints, right? We think about workloads. And that could be an endpoint, it could be a server, it could be a mobile device, a cloud instance, what have you. So we're seeing strong demand and a great partnership from AWS. We're seeing also strong conversions from our free trial, as I mentioned as well. And I think what we've seen is just a recognition of a clear separation between our technology and others in the marketplace, and that's reflected in very strong customer poll from many of our partner companies that we work with. Specifically, I think the second point of your question was around FedRAMP certification. As you know, last year, we got our FedRAMP certification after the buying season. So, we are very active in the FedRAMP buying season which as you know, wraps up at the end of September. And given the technology that we have and the ability to stop breaches, it has been very well received not only in the Fed market but also in state and local governments. And I think you've seen a lot of those stories specifically around ransomware. Given our AI and our machine learning, we've been able to prevent those ransomware attacks for our customers without any signature updates or any changes. So, we think both Fed and state and local government are great opportunities for us, and we're really excited about those as we get into the buying season, particularly in the Fed space.
George Kurtz: Yes, thanks Sterling. Let me just start with there's been a lot of consolidation in this space. And ultimately, I think it's validation in what we've built and how hard it is to actually transition from a legacy solution or three agents or mixed model into a cloud architecture, and that's across the board for many of the companies that have been acquired. Specific to Dell and SecureWorks, we have a great relationship there, business as usual. And many people probably know that Carbon Black was the first partner with SecureWorks many, many years ago. So, we look at this as a choice model, which is something that SecureWorks has always had, and again we're seeing strong demand as evidenced by what we've talked about with the Gartner Magic Quadrant and the leadership position. So, ultimately, we think that the best technology is going to win out and some of these relationships actually even pre-date us. However, we've been chosen by SecureWorks as one of their partners, and we're excited to be there and for us, it's business as usual and we'll let the customers decide which technology is best.
George Kurtz: Well, I think we've talked probably at length on sort of the core modules that we go to market with. But if you look at things like Spotlight, I can tell you, Windows OS vulnerabilities as an example, is a huge pain point for customers that are out there. There's compliance issues, there is Hygiene issues, and we've seen a tremendous increase in Spotlight. I highlighted one of those, those wins in my prepared remarks. And why are we seeing that? Well, it just works. It’s a scanless technology, companies don't want other agents on their system. If they have a scalable agent, which is going to deliver real-time vulnerability information, that’s what they're looking for. And the ability to actually have a customer try it with their own data, with our frictionless in-app trial, I think has been a big boon to us. So, we're seeing a lot of activity there. If you look at our threat intelligence modules, our Falcon X, the ability to automate a triage process and take something that would normally take eight hours and reduce that time to five minutes with our Sandbox technology and our malware search capabilities and our integrated intelligence, these have been very, very well received. And again, a tremendous - we've seen tremendous adoption in those areas.
George Kurtz: Well, we're not going to comment on any potential relationships there other than saying, there is a tremendous amount of interest across all partner channels whether it's OEM, whether it’s traditional partners, whether it's cloud partners because we're leading technologies. So, we spend a lot of time and we try to be very thoughtful in how we go to market and how we partner, and we're going to continue to do that. And what we're seeing is the customer demand. If you go out into the marketplace, the customers are asking their partners whether it's a hardware vendor, whether it's a traditional reseller, whether it's a cloud service provider, whether it's managed service provider, the partners are being asked about CrowdStrike. I've had a lot of meetings with the Sis, and there's just tremendous pull for us. So again, we're going to be thoughtful in how we go to market, but suffice to say, there's a lot of demand. And when the customers are asking for it, that's really when these partners take shape, and you see the traction in the field together.
George Kurtz: Sure, so John you’ve been around a long time, you've seen a lot of acquisitions. I've been part of two of them. They can be messy and disruptive. And at the end of the day lots of companies that don't have necessarily security DNA are acquiring these companies. I think when you look at CrowdStrike, you look at our DNA, every day we wake up and we think about how do we protect customers from being breached and do we build the best endpoint technology? And that's what we’re going to continue to focus on. Whether a company is standalone or part of another company it doesn't – that’s the way change the fact that there is a lot of hard work and transition that has to take place in moving from multiple agents into a cloud architecture and we've been doing this since 2011 from day one and enjoy a first move advantage. So, I can only control what we can control, but I can tell you in the field what's most important as opposed with any other vendor saying is what customers are saying. And I think you probably know I've been on my 100 – my 100 journey which is meeting 100 customers and prospects in 100 days and I am just about at my goal, at my quota, which is a good thing. So the feedback has universally been customers actually accelerating moving to CrowdStrike from our competitors as they try to transition from an on-premise solution which has been slow and cumbersome. We met with one customer that had almost 40 different controllers and one person just to manage their on-premise implementation. And as other competitors try to accelerate their move to the cloud it actually just creates another buying opportunity for CrowdStrike. If they are going to look at a cloud vendor they might as well look at the best out there. So we like that dynamic. We view all these acquisitions as a net positive for us and we're excited. So that's a little bit about your first part of the question. The second part is with respect to the Palo Alto. Again, what we see in the field is – our technology being adopted much more rapidly than our competitors. We appreciate all competitors that are out there. We take everybody seriously. I would again probably refer you back to the Magic Quadrant which is really a combination of what Gartner and customers are saying to them. And you can look at where we’re positioned, you can look at where others are positioned, but again people are looking for the single agent architecture born in the cloud not an amalgamation of three or four different acquisitions put together. So that hopefully answers that question for you, so thank you.
George Kurtz: Well, great thanks. This is George. Nothing really happens by accident. We spent a lot of time building a scalable sales architecture as we do, a scalable technology architecture. And from my perspective, what we've been able to do is really consumerize the enterprise experience. The ability to try our product, the ability to have in-app trials and user data to combine a very robust inside sales team and sliding within our products we understand what customers are doing. So, the rapid adoption I think is reflective of what we've built, but it also is reflective and what we built from a go to market perspective not just a technology perspective. So from that standpoint we spent a lot of time making sure that the customer journey is what it should be to land at CrowdStrike and have a great opportunity to sell them at least one module. From there begins the cross-sell process and there is multiple ways to do that. A lot of it is driven by the application itself, but inside sales or our field sales team are really as important. And I think what we have been able to do and the check-ins and making sure that customers are using all the capabilities of the products and educating them has allowed us to keep as you know as we’ve discussed in the S-1 a very high gross and net retention rate. So from my perspective it is part of being a SaaS company and having the DNA. We didn’t start out as a perpetual license company. We didn’t start out with a bunch of different products that we had to stitch together. We started out as a cloud-based endpoint security platform and making sure that you keep your customers happy and keep them from being breached is of paramount and importance to us and that's our focus everyday when get up and get out of bed.
George Kurtz: Well, I think first and foremost, it's investing in companies that are investing in us. We believe in the CrowdStrike store. We believe that we've built, really the only platform that allows this level of what I would call platform-as-a-service for agent, for an agent infrastructure and we know the trend is consolidate agents. We know customers have come to us and said, we don’t want yet another agent, we would rather use your agent and open up that architecture. So we believe in investing in companies who are going to embrace that – the platform that we built as well as build on top of it, so that's first and foremost. We were delighted to team up with Accel. As many know, they started as our B investor. We've got a lot of respect for them. And I think just increasing our visibility and deal flow into small innovative companies it does give us a look at other companies that are out there, certainly potential acquisition candidates, but more importantly, creating the ecosystem and we’re putting where our mouth is to make sure that our partners are successful.
George Kurtz: Sure thanks, let me just – let me try to start with the first part of the question. When we look at the telemetry we collect, we probably have the richest data sets of telemetry out there. We've been able to really perfect how we collect it and do that in a very performing and cost effective manner with our smart filtering which we've talked about a lot in the road show. And when we look at actually what we do, we’re able to collect that data and store it in our cloud. A lot of our competitors actually keep most of the data resident on the endpoint, because they haven't quite figured out how to get data up to scale without breaking a lot of things or causing a financial impact to the gross margin. So, when they are looking at simple data from an EDR perspective they actually have to go back to the endpoint and create it. In fact, some of our competitors even use open source tools like osquery to go out and get the data as opposed to them actually having it which is problematic if you have an ephemeral workload which is gone. So we believe the architecture we built is better. We believe we have the most events that you can actually pull from an endpoint. You can add more and you can customize it. So that's important for customers. And one of the things that's important is, again the ability to get data even if that workload or PC or what have you is gone and we have that all stored in the cloud. Again many of our competitors, most of them keep all of that data resident. There is a little bit of data that goes up and they have to keep clearing it. So what I will say is, not all endpoints and EDRs are created equal despite some of the marketing noises that’s out there. If you look at network data I think the value of endpoint data is much higher than network data. Network data you've got to shift through, you've got to look at flows and at a high level. You have to understand what's happening with encrypted traffic and a lot of the attacks it's very difficult to piece together what happened just with network flows. And that's why customers are demanding visibility on the endpoint. With our system, they can tell them that the process exactly what is happening across a fleet of hundreds of thousands of computers which you would never be able to do with a network products and network data. So again network data can be valuable in certain areas, but we believe there is an exponential difference in the value of endpoint data.
George Kurtz: Well, we don't see much of them to be candid, and I think the Gartner Magic Quadrant rather than me saying where they stack up, you can tell where the analysts think they stack up. Right? And it's not even close to us. So I’ll the reader be the judge of that. If you’re going to give it away for free that might give an indication of the value of it. But at the end of the day customers are looking for a solution that is a true single agent architecture, cloud-native, and I think our financial results, our win rates are reflective of what we've been able to do in the marketplace.
George Kurtz: Yes thanks. They’re really excited about it, because they don't have visibility into their mobile devices today. And again, our module is not an MDM it's EDR for mobile. If you look at a lot of the news reports over the last number of months, you’ve seen how many misbehaving apps are out there that people really don't even know what they're doing. So a solution like ours gives a lot of visibility into what's happening and for corporate customers that really is growing in importance. So we've got a lot of mobile trials, if you will, happening right now. So we're excited about that. Obviously, we launched it last quarter and we're encouraged. We're excited. We will continue to iterate that module. But from a customer perspective, it really is something that, they have consternation over because they really at this point have no visibility into these critical apps that are running within their environment or within BYOD devices from their employees.
George Kurtz: Yes, great. Thank you. So obviously there's been a tremendous amount of visibility given the CrowdStrike and what we've been able to do over the last number of months. So we view that as a positive, certainly interacting at very high levels now, CEO, Board levels. We've been there, but I think more so post-IPO. So we're excited about that level of engagement. I met with a CEO of an $8 billion company today, and they were looking at various ways and working with CrowdStrike and they were really excited. They came in just to see us here in Sunnyvale. So I think we're getting to the table at the right levels. I think people are viewing us as a strategic component of their overall security architecture. And it's been a great event for us in terms of awareness, not only in the U.S., but more so outside of the U.S. and our international markets. The second, I think point of your question was really on attacks from China. I mean, I guess what I would say is, whenever there's geopolitical instability, security is of the utmost importance. And whether it's a think tank or whether it's a government agency or whether it is a corporation, in times of instability, it really does drive awareness from a security perspective. So attacks will continue. They have been in place for many years, and they're going to continue and we want to be there and make sure that we're protecting our customers.
George Kurtz: Yes, I mean if you look at some of the legacy players that are selling parts of their business, I think there's been a dramatic increase in acceleration. You have a lot of customers that were sort of on a natural cadence to look at a provider like CrowdStrike and I think it has accelerated and quite candidly, that’s a huge opportunity for us, as we say and that's a massive opportunity. So, we're excited about that. It's actually accelerated them looking at other alternatives in particular, moving from their legacy on-premise architecture to something more contemporary, like CrowdStrike. And there's been many, many conversations we've had with large enterprise customers as they look to move away. You know why their feelings? Obviously, they want something that's more contemporary and that really is focused on that simulation architecture, AI driven model. But I think, there's real concern that the investment will not be there in some of these other providers after they get bought. And it's going to be more managed to the bottom line as opposed to really driving innovation like we do at CrowdStrike.
George Kurtz: Great, thank you very much. Just wanted to close here. I want to thank all of you for your time today. We certainly appreciate your interest and look forward to speaking with you next quarter and again, have a great day and we'll see you soon. Thank you.
Burt Podbere: Thanks, Saket. So I think we're seeing continued momentum in both the enterprise and the SMB space, and we continue to invest in both. We continue to commission on both in the same manner. We continue to make sure that all the resources are available for both those markets. And today, what we're seeing is we're seeing continued positive pricing trends in both of those markets. So as we think about it going forward, we think about the volume that we're going to get from the SMB space, and of course, the bigger ticket items on the enterprise space. And surely, there'll be a little bit of an impact with respect to ARR per customer, but that's to be expected. And it's not a -- it's a positive thing. Right? We think the volume is going to continue in the SMB space, certainly with our frictionless sales model and we think that the large customers will continue to buy and expand.
Burt Podbere: Thanks John. So to answer your question with respect to our efforts, we are putting a significant effort in the international markets. We’re pleased with our results. We’re pleased with how we've done in those markets. We’re always still being within our unit – with our unit economics whatever metric you want pull. We want to continue to be putting up on the board the results, but doing it in a very efficient manner. And whether it’s here in the United States or in Canada or abroad, we still look at it the same way. We want to make sure that we’re not overspending in any particular region. We want to make sure we’re spending in the right order of magnitude to go after the market that is available to us. And we feel that we've been successful and we also feel that there is more to come, there is a big opportunity abroad and we want to go capture that market.
Burt Podbere: Thanks Gur. So as you know right now and it's really early days as George mentioned, it’s a really nascent part of the business and always viewed it as upside for our ARR model. So today we baked very little in for the future for Dell. We want to be – we want to guide and we want to forecast based on information that we know, not what we don't know.
Burt Podbere: Yes, hi Sarah. So today we’re thinking about all the modules outside of those core three as equal potential, whether it will be Discover, whether it be Spotlight as George mentioned. We see the potential of all of those to continue to help with the trend in terms of how many modules our customers have today. I think what’s interesting is that we’re seeing an accelerated pace with respect to our customers having five or more modules. So we’re encouraged by those results.
Burt Podbere: Thanks Andrew. So again, when we think about ARR of course we don’t guide to it, but we do provide it. We think about ARR in the way we calculate it very simply. We take the ending ARR and we divide that by 4 and then we take out some concern and contraction and we add in some positive dollars for revenue in the quarter. So I think that when we look at our ARR and we look at our projections we really do look at what we know in-house not what we don't know, we've had some success in the past in running tables. And we clearly you don't want to guide based on the fact that we're going to run the table on all future quarters. So we've been happy with the results to date and that's how we think about our ARR. And the last point I’ll make on that is, this quarter we had no outsized deals. So they came in throughout the quarter and there was nothing there that – there were no deals there that kind of really marked the quarter.
Burt Podbere: Sure, thanks Erik. So on the first part of the question we’re obviously very happy with the results. We think it's the continued success that we've had in module adoption, the hybrid cloud strategy, the operational efficiencies that we've been able to gain. So we’re pleased with where we are and certainly it smacked out in the middle of our long-term model. And I think that for us as we think about it forward we’re going to continue to apply those same techniques and same type of philosophy with respect to how to continue to maintain and continue to accelerate gross margin expansion. We are continuing to strive to get to the higher end of the long-term range. And so we’re going to do those things that will continue to get us there. With respect to professional services, we’re continuing to look at the markets that we're in and we will continue to price accordingly. When there is a lot of price pressure we’re going to go and we’re going to be aggressive on our pricing in various deals and it's been successful to date and we’re going to continue with that strategy.
