George Kurtz: Sure. Thanks, Saket. Our ASPs remain consistent. Certainly, you’ve seen what we’ve been able to do in the SMB market. And I think we’ve been very focused on that where we have run some promotions, which is where we designed the promotions to be run. But I think when you look at the competitive positioning, just as an example, in IDC’s modern endpoint security market share, as I pointed out, were 17.7%. And we gained 3.8 percentage points, which is more share gain than any other vendor, including outpacing Microsoft. And what customers are really telling us is that Microsoft’s good enough, security is not good enough. And we’ve been winning because of our coverage across multiple operating systems, the complexity of Microsoft, 6 consoles. In fact, just today alone, they had 6 signature updates. And in January, as I call them the 3 Cs, the last one is catastrophe, during our incident response engagements, the majority of the systems that are breached are using Defender. So, when you wrap all that together, we feel good about our competitive positioning. And again, from a pricing perspective, ASPs have remained consistent.
George Kurtz: Well, we’re really excited about that segment. As I mentioned, we hired Daniel Bernard, who was at SentinelOne. He’s now our Chief Business Officer. And a big part of his remit, not only in channel and partnerships is the SMB market. You saw the partnership with Dell. We’re excited about that as an exclusive partner for the endpoint piece in their market. And then when we think about Falcon Go, it really is a very lightweight bundle that is perfect for the SMB market, the SME/SMB. So, we can go down market. We’ve got some updates that we’ve done in our e-commerce engine to make it even more frictionless to acquire customers. And we’ve seen great adoption in those markets. And it’s not only delivering what we believe is the best technology but making it also the best go-to-market motion with our partnerships and channels. So, we continue to focus on that. We’re still in the early innings of our SMB journey. But again, customers are wanting this. They’re telling the likes of Dell that they want our technology, which is why we were selected by Dell and more to go, but early innings and very favorable in the SMB market.
George Kurtz: Well, we continue to be excited about identity, as you called out. It’s a big business for us. It’s one of those modules that’s super easy to turn on this tremendous amount of competitive differentiation between what we have in a single agent and how it actually works versus our competitors, including the likes of Microsoft. So, we feel really good about that. And then, I called out LogScale. I think that -- to have one of the largest financial institutions in the world adopt our technology, battle tested. They understand the scalability and what it’s able to do in sub-second search results, we’re incredibly excited about that. And even the surface, which is enterprise attack surface management has been one of our fastest-growing sort of early adopter modules post acquisition. So, by and large, when you look at sort of the kind of emerging business, including cloud, great opportunities there, fantastic growth. And I think it really showcases the power of the platform.
George Kurtz: Sure. When we think about how a customer can come into the CrowdStrike family, it’s certainly -- the traditional way has been on the endpoint, your core modules of AV, EDR, things of that nature. But when you look at something like surface, it’s so easy to get up and running. Just you can get a trial, you can use it, you don’t have to install anything. And we see customers coming in, in various ways. I think LogScale is another good example. Someone might have a need for a collection of data at scale and looking at the cost and expense of the current SIM and looking at this and saying, "Hey, can we give something that’s faster, better, cheaper," and they might enter that way. And then even when you think about our cloud offering, we have plenty of customers that actually come to us in the cloud first before they actually deploy us on their internal network. So, I think we’ve got enough modules and coverage and breadth in the environment, in the marketplace that customers can get to us in various ways, depending on what their needs are.
George Kurtz: Sure. Thanks. And when we think about AI, we really are one of the pioneers in AI from a security perspective. We started the Company leveraging big data AI to be able to identify threats that have never been seen before and prevent against those. We continue to build out our AI capabilities across all of our different modules with the massive data and telemetry that we collect every week. It’s mind-boggling. We can use that to continually train and learn. And our AI continues to get smarter as we put more data into the system. So, when we think about stopping breaches, the tip of the spear really is the endpoint, the workloads. That’s where the adversaries are targeting, and that’s where they’re focused on stealing data and encrypting it and breaking in and doing damage. And I think when you look at our technology lead in this area, we’ve proven our efficacy through various testing outlets. We continue to get incredible scores. And at the end of the day, it’s really about the brand promise of stopping breaches. And AI is a massive part of what we’re able to do to implement how we stop those breaches, and it does represent a competitive advantage and moat for us.
George Kurtz: Yes. In terms of modernizing their security stack, I think that’s front and center. There isn’t a CIO that I haven’t talked to that doesn’t want to consolidate their hodgepodge of technologies out there. And again, that goes beyond just endpoint, right, in terms of the things that we offer and the capabilities and the outcomes. And if you think about the endpoint market itself, as we talked about, the IDC numbers, were 17.7%, there’s a lot more to go, right? There’s still a massive, massive amount of legacy technology that’s out there. And again, customers are looking to really take a modern platform approach and consolidate their spend. So, it’s been something that customers are not looking to just stick with what they have and breaches are not getting any better. They’re getting worse, threat actors are being more sophisticated and it’s going to require better protection with a better outcome.
George Kurtz: Yes, sure. So, we haven’t given that level of information now specific to XDR. So I can’t comment on that. But when we think about XDR, I think as an industry, it’s still in the early innings. We’re of course, one of the pioneers of EDR. We’ve extended that out into XDR with the integrations. I think we’ve got some incredible partners that we’re flowing data into the CrowdStrike platform and being able to make advanced decisions on whether something is good or bad across multiple platforms including CrowdStrike and it’s been well received so far, but still in the early innings.
George Kurtz: Sure. So, let’s think about this on a worldwide basis. The mid-market customer in the U.S. is much different than a mid-market customer in APAC, as an example, right? So the sizing is quite different. But when you think about sort of non-enterprise customers, they still have all the same problems. These are billion-dollar companies that have one IT person -- two IT people, half a security person. And we think that’s a perfect opportunity for Falcon Complete, where we can sell them multiple modules. We’ve added now identity into Falcon Complete, end-to-end, we can service that account and basically take a lot of the burden away. In a challenging macro environment they’re getting more headcount, but they still have a great risk from a security perspective, so. And that’s the mid-market all the way down to SMB. We have very small companies that are Flacon Complete customers. So, if they can’t quite digest everything that we have, that’s okay. What they’re buying is an outcome, and our outcome is stopping the breaches, reducing complexity and lowering their overall cost. And that is resonating with customers as we consolidate in this challenging macro environment.
George Kurtz: Great. I want to thank all of you today for your time. We certainly appreciate your interest and look forward to seeing you at our upcoming investor webinar. Thanks so much. And we’ll see you soon.
Burt Podbere: Hi Joel. Yes, we were really pleased with being able to sell an 8-figure deal into an existing client. I think in general, we were really happy with the overall mix of our $1 million-plus deals as well as our SMB. So overall, just a really well-balanced quarter, and we’re really happy with that result.
Burt Podbere: Sure. Thanks, George. Look, the partnership is just getting started. So, we have not factored that into our guidance. As with any new alliance, it does take time to ramp, but we are excited to be reengaged with Dell.
Burt Podbere: Sure. So first, on gross margin, it’s not really about pricing. I think we expect it to fluctuate quarter-over-quarter. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we expect it to increase up to 1% in Q1. But there are a few things that are impacting gross margin in the short term, which will pay dividends in the long term. One is we’re continuing to invest in our data centers. And as we continue to do that, that is going to impact our gross margin again in the short term, but long term, that’s what we believe is the right strategy. And second, with our acquisition of Humio, it’s not been fully synchronized. So when that does happen, that will take some pressure off of our COGS. So, those two things are really some of the drivers on the cost side. And I think as we continue to move into Q1 and beyond, we’ll be looking for more of that cost optimization. And I still strongly and firmly believe in our long-term model, which talks about our subscription gross margin going up to 82-plus-percent.
Burt Podbere: Yes, great question. So number one, we’re going to continue our balanced approach to supporting our rapid growth at even our greater scale with profitability. I think it’s always going to be a slider and I think we’ve done a great job in being able to manage that growth, not at all cost, but with a realized at the bottom. I mean, operating at a Magic Number above 1 and a rule of 81 on a free cash flow basis are best in class. And we’re excited about being able to continue to monitor that and watch that. Look, I think we posted record operating income in Q4 and FY23, growing operating margin to 16% for the year. I think that -- what we talked about last quarter with respect to our hiring and our pace of hiring, we’ve taken a really solid approach about moderating the pace of hiring for this year. And I think that it goes to watching how and who we’re hiring with an increased eye to making sure we’re hiring the best. And for us, that really matters, and we’re going to get the results that we want to get by doing that.
Burt Podbere: Hi Gabriela, it’s great to hear your voice. So first, deals did take longer to close this quarter. We did see that and we do anticipate to see those headwinds continue throughout next year. And for us, as we think about next year, our thoughts are consistent with what we said last quarter. I’ll turn it over to George.
Burt Podbere: So look, we’re really excited about our SMB space. George talked about Daniel Bernard coming on board. We think we’ve got great products for them to come in and to expand. It’s not just limited to our enterprise, although certainly the MBR [ph] is going to be driven by our enterprise customers. For dollar based and retention, as I think about next year, I think we’re going to see slightly more net new ARR coming from expansion deals than net new ARR coming from new logos. I think that we’ve got this incredible base of 23,000 subscription customers today, and we can certainly continue to add more modules to their security stack and continue to delight them. So, that’s how we think about the splits.
Burt Podbere: Yes. Look, we will evaluate every quarter that proposition. So, I think that’s just a quarter-by-quarter decision that will come up. But we do look at it. We do look at what’s happening in the environment. There are many factors that would go in to decide whether we were going to do something like that. So, it’s really on a quarter-by-quarter basis where we would do the evaluation.
