Burt Podbere: Yes. I would just add a couple of things. One, I would add, we're very happy with our retention rates. We think they're best in class, as well as I think we're seeing strength from multiple aspects of the business, right, from either our enterprise or SMBs. We see strength in both. So that's why we get confidence in the second half.
Burt Podbere: Hey, Andy, it's Burt. So when it comes to guidance, we take a very prudent approach. And we guide to basically what we see, not what we don't see. We definitely don't guide to running tables. And you've also got to still factor in that, it's still -- we're still in a tough macro. We do see deals getting elongated and sales cycles taking longer. So I think those are the things why we guided to the way we guided.
Burt Podbere: Yeah, it's a great question. So for us, the way we broke it out on this earnings call, it's not the emerging category that we had talked about in the past. It's different. And we wanted to give increased visibility into the specific business lines. And we thought that it would be very important for everybody to see how well they're performing and how well [indiscernible] scale they're performing. So you've got, obviously, our Cloud momentum. You've got our LogScale momentum and our Identity momentum. And we wanted to show everybody exactly how we're doing in those areas, and that they're taking flight at scale. I'll pass the other questions over to George.
Burt Podbere: Sure, right. So thanks for the question. So number one, we are going to continue to invest as aggressively as we can while keeping to our commitment to our profitability metrics. And for us, I think that the key here, you had mentioned on the stock-based compensation, a lot of that is based on timing of grants and I think that for us, we're going to continue to use grants to attract and retain. Having said that, we think that we are going to continue to show low dilution, less than 2% this year and strive to keep it under 3% for next year. For us today, we think it's a good hiring environment. We're taking the time in terms of how we're going to [Technical Difficulty] hiring and where, and we're being very prudent in terms of where we're deploying headcount. And as we've mentioned in prior calls, we are managing the pace of hiring in accordance with what we think is what we need to continue to hit our targets. So that's how we see it.
Burt Podbere: Yeah, Jonathan, great to hear your voice. Yeah. We're really pleased with what we've seen with respect to customers adopting across the board, five, six, seven, eight modules. So for us, when you talk about the DBNR, remember, it's a noisy metric, and it can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, and we've talked about that repeatedly. Some quarters have bigger [lands] (ph) and some have bigger expense. But I think at the end of the day, for us, what we're seeing is that we've got a lot of headroom in both new local opportunities. George talked about the available market from our legacy provider 48%, but we also have an ever-growing customer base. And as we continue to delight our customers, they're going to continue to buy more for us, and it goes along with the consolidation theme that we've been talking about here. So it really plays into our favor. The great news is that in addition to strong expansions, net new ARR contribution from new logos remains high, even higher than we were expecting so far for the year.
Burt Podbere: Hey, Gabriela. So first, I think we talked about why we were giving guidance the way we did. We did talk about the 10% headwinds for the first half, we came in better than that. We talked about coming in flat to slightly up for the second half over last year. And I think at the end of the day, we're still in a tough macro. We believe all the things that George talked about, we're very adamant that we feel that we're going to be able to achieve those things. Having said that, you have to remember that still, as I said earlier on this call, deals are taking longer to close, there's more scrutiny on the P&Ls and so we have to overcome those things to be able to really overcome what -- anything that we would put out there. And for us, I think that we have a great opportunity to do so. And it's so long as we continue to stay the course, invest where we need to invest, take a prudent approach, I think we're going to be in good shape.
Burt Podbere: Yeah. So first, on the emerging products, we thought it would be better to give you full numbers on our businesses that are meaningful, that are taking flight. So we won't be going back to anything that we used to call emerging products. With respect to our target model for FY '25 and hitting those targets, the last one that we were talking about was certainly the operating margin. We said we were going to be between the 20% and 22% plus, and we actually hit that one. That was the last one of several that we gave out from subscription gross margin to F&M to G&A to R&D. We also gave out free cash. And for the year, we're still talking about that 30% to 32% plus.
George Kurtz: Sure. I think you have to start with the ramp reps that we have. We did a lot of hiring last year. It takes a while to ramp rep. So we're going into the back half of the year with ramp capacity, which we're obviously excited about. And then a lot of it has to do with me being in the field and talking to customers and just what I'm hearing from them. I was recently on a call with a large Fortune 200 company. I was on with their CIO, their CTO and their CSO. And they said the reason we have all of these people together is because of the spend, which is eight figures, and two, we were so strategic. We're actually handling their observability and their security use cases. So when I look at that and I look at the product portfolio and where we are, it's just encouraging, combined with the sales ramp and the capacity we have as we go to the back half of the year.
George Kurtz: Sure. So when you look at LogScale, its capabilities are obviously Next-gen SIEM, but also in observability, and we have many customers that use it just for that use case, and we have an opportunity to go back and sell them security. Things like managing and monitoring the Kubernetes clusters, the cloud environment, their infrastructure, I mean we have a customer who manages like the train schedules on it. So it can manage a large set of data, and it does it extremely efficiently. And what we're seeing right now is customers telling other customers about it. We have huge Fortune 25 referenceable customers in the space. And I think the success begets more success in that area. So that's why we're pretty excited about it. And you've seen the growth in that area and customers are looking for something that's better and faster and gives them an outcome that is more contemporary than what they're using today.
George Kurtz: Well, when we think about the current environment, I think everyone is seeing there is a shift in the competitive environment and companies that are moving around in terms of M&A activity. We think the back half of the year will be a great opportunity. We continue to evaluate many, many different candidates as we normally do. And we think the environment is getting better from an M&A perspective. And we're very diligent in how we buy things in the bar and how we look to integration because we focus on a seamless one platform approach, and we remain true to that. So back half of the year, we'll see how it goes, but certainly excited about that, and we continue to drive innovation internally and we'll look externally for good companies with good culture and good people.
George Kurtz: Yeah. We already see that in the marketplace. We've got customers that are very concerned about the uncertainty. They have seen the Cylance Blackberry movie before, and they're concerned and uncertainty is never a good thing for a security buyer. So we've already seen deals come our way. And again, as a consolidator, and as the leader of the space, we think that just accrues more value to us. So we'll see how everything shakes out, but for sure, what we're hearing from partners and customers about some of the latest movements in our space is concern in terms of other competitors. And again, they're looking for a long-term viable partner, and those are -- that's what we're hearing from multiple sources.
George Kurtz: Well, from buyers, what we've seen is their buying platform. They're not just buying one particular area. The way our technology works, it's single-agent architecture, a common data store and then modules and then we've been able to obviously monetize that across different areas. Protection is just one area. But when you look at cloud, you look at agentless, you look at some of the other offerings, LogScale and Identity, it's really about the platform sale, not an individual area and getting the right outcome, as I talked about in the earnings script, stopping breaches. I talked to a customer recently. They have 60 different products and controls. And we were the only one that actually detected activity in their environment and prevented a potential issue. So that's really been the focus for us. And I think when you look at even the legacy areas, it's almost, what, 50% of the market is still available from a legacy perspective, near 50%. So yeah, 48%. I think when you look at that, still a big opportunity in legacy displacements as well as the platform areas that we called out are just massive TAM opportunities. And as I mentioned in the script, they could each be an IPO-able business on a stand-alone basis as big as they are.
George Kurtz: Sure. Well, when you look at outcomes, as I mentioned, one of them is doing more with less. And in security, there's upwards of probably a 3 million person gap and the ability to actually hire security folks. And as I mentioned, when we launched Charlotte AI in public preview is the fact that it really -- it really is a virtual analyst, a SOC analyst, which are super expensive and hard to maintain. So for our purposes, when we look at the total value to a customer, if we can create more virtual analysts, just as an example that takes eight hours of work and compress it into 10 minutes. We think there's real value to that, which is why we'll have pricing around it, which we're going to deliver at Fal.Con. And even from what we've shown recently in one of the security conferences, it's real. It's out there. People liked it. They want it and it's differentiated from others that were just showing PowerPoint. So we're really excited about it. Obviously, it's early innings. But if we can show real value in creating these virtual analysts around Charlotte AI, we think customers are going to pay for that.
George Kurtz: Yeah. So when we think about our Cloud business, and I went into some detail on this. It's both agent and agentless so, right? It's not just around the cloud workload protection, but it's also around the cloud security posture management and everything really from code to cloud. And we've added tremendous capabilities, which I've called out in the earnings script as well in terms of our ability to instrument and flight containers and understand if insecure code is being put into the CICD pipeline, et cetera. So we've always been strong in the agent world. And what we're finding is that customers are looking at agentless and moving to our solution because it combines the best of both worlds, agent and agentless, together in one single SKU. And we had tremendous success last quarter. We've got a dedicated sales team on cloud, and customers are seeing the benefits of an integrated platform with Falcon. So we'll continue down that path. And again, we continue to build out its capabilities and win new business there.
George Kurtz: Well, the current state is the reality, which is that's what we're doing today. So we're taking all that rich telemetry from the CNAPP offering, agent, agentless and even the exposure management that all from an XDR perspective, is coming back into the Falcon platform and is available to any of the algorithms to identify and prevent any sort of malicious activity. It's also available from a compliance perspective to help customers manage their compliance and risk. It's available from an asset graph perspective, which gives customers an idea of what's actually in their environment. And then from a cloud detection response perspective, we actually have some of our managed services that are able to help cloud customers, which at this point, is sort of an epidemic of issues in cloud environments, the way the adversaries are operating. So we're really pioneering that space and putting it all together. And there is a reason why we're one of the largest cloud security by revenue vendors in the market today.
George Kurtz: Sure. It really is a good question, and I certainly agree with you. There's a lot of people talking about it, and I think we're actually delivering it. One of the things that I would point you to is the data set itself. And what's important to realize it isn't just about the most data. You'll hear that from a lot of vendors. One vendor will say more data than the other. It's really about sort of the curated data set because when we think about generative AI, it actually has to be trained. We think about ChatGPT, there's a bunch of humans helping to train it. Just so happens, probably more by luck than understanding generative AI was going to be on the horizon, that when we started the company, we actually have a very well-defined training set that's annotated based upon all the threat hunting that we've done over the last 10 years. So we believe our 10-year head start in terms of having a data set that's actually curated is going to give us a distinct advantage of helping our customers. So that's a big area. And then it's a foundational platform component, which is made available to every other service on the platform, which is different than others. So again, first innings, we'll see how it all unfolds, but initial customer reaction has been very, very positive.
George Kurtz: Great. Well, I want to thank everyone for their time today. We certainly appreciate your interest and look forward to seeing you in person at our upcoming Fal.Con conference. Thanks so much, and we'll talk soon.
