George Kurtz: Sure. Thanks, Sterling. Well, as you mentioned and as we pointed out, we've done a good job for many years working remotely, but we need to make sure that we can get ahold of the customers. I think there are a couple of things that are working in our favor: Number one, there's lots of folks that are actually home and working remotely. And I think we've been big fans and users assume that we've been able to move our sales operation to fully remote. We've been able to actually increase our first business meetings by 13% just by doing this because people are around in home and we're able to get in front of them. So from our perspective, whether it's the inside sales team or whether it's the field sales team, I think we've done a good job of reaching out, plus we've combined that with additional advertising, digital trial to pay, and we continue to work the inside sales motion. So from that standpoint, I think we've been able to fully keep the machine operationalized. And in many cases, where people have been busy during the day, they're sort of at home and we actually have their focus. So those first business meetings have taken place, and we are leveraging all of the remote technology that we have to get to our customers. 
George Kurtz: Well, thanks, Saket. And absolutely, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are seeing many, many partners come our way particularly from the Symantec channel. They realize that in today's environment, their customers are demanding solutions that can easily be deployed frictionless to a remote workforce as well as on-premise or cloud workloads. And there's a strong demand from the partners. There's a lot of inbound from partners looking to move their customer base to us as Symantec and Broadcom abandoned many of the customers that are out there.  So they want to make sure their customers are taken care of. And obviously, we've continued to evolve and mature our partner program. And whether it's a managed service provider, whether it's a traditional reseller, whether it's any number of partners that we have, they're certainly looking to be with a market leader and someone who can solve their problem. And just given today's environment with the remote workforce, it's hard to set up these on-premise systems and accept service and things of that nature remotely. So we've definitely seen an uptick in the remote workforce being provisioned and rolled out to organizations who -- their workers are actually at home. And I think we're in a perfect position to do that. 
George Kurtz: Well, thank you for your comments. And I don't think it changes our investment at all. We've seen an acceleration in the SMB market, obviously, with a trial to pay and a sales motion that just encourages organizations to come to us and try it out. We've been very successful. And in fact, we've seen definitely an uptick in smaller businesses coming our way because they just -- they're not prepared for what's happening. Obviously, with COVID-19, it's a serious situation for them. And at the same time, they still need to keep this running. And I think one of the big drivers that we've seen is ransomware. There are so many small businesses that have been just obliterated by ransomware because they continue to use traditional, signature-based AV. So I think we've been very successful in helping companies migrate away from that and deal with that problem.  At the same time now, they're struggling with just keeping open. And I think as a company, we've done a good job in helping organizations see the value and basically provide the outcome they're looking for, keep up and running, not have to worry about security. In many cases, they don't actually have the personnel to deal with it. And with our Falcon Complete, it's been an absolute home run in the SMB and the corporate market because we're able to deal with kind of a human issue for them as a force multiplier. So we continue to invest there. I think from a security perspective, it really is a foundational element. They can't do without it, they can't keep their businesses up and running, and we're going to continue to support them in any way we can. 
George Kurtz: Sure. It's going really well. Fed is part of our overall state, local and fed operation. And in general, just the fed piece is up over 200% year-over-year. Customer acquisition is up. And when you look at the concern in the federal government, you look at the various hacks that have been out there, the fed government is increasingly calling on CrowdStrike to seek guidance and understand the threat level and certainly adopting our technology to help protect against those many persistent threats that are out there. So it's still a relatively small business for us as we just got the FedRAMP certification a while back, I guess a short time ago, over the last 18 months or so. And we continue to grow that. So that's a great market for us. And then as you expand that out into state, local, we've got many states that are CrowdStrike customers. They continue to adopt us. Again, ransomware is a big issue for some of these small municipalities or even some of the larger state governments, and CrowdStrike has been a real critical part of their overall operation. 
George Kurtz: Okay. Great. Well, thanks, Alex. And I think when we look at security in general, we have to put it in perspective. It is mission-critical. And in the corporate hierarchy of needs, cybersecurity is the equivalent of shelter. It's fundamental. It's a basic need and you can't live without it. And obviously, there's going to be industries that are more impacted than others. But at the end of the day, they're going to need security. It's a compliance mandate for many, many large companies, even not large companies, right, from a data privacy perspective, whether it's a state or federal government or any other government around the globe. And they're going to still need to be able to purchase that. I think, again, when they come to CrowdStrike, a big part of what we do is we help them consolidate what they have. We can show them that 3x or better return on their investment. And in today's environment, obviously, where there's going to be tremendous cost pressure on these companies, I think we're the perfect solution to help optimize their head count, help optimize their spend on hardware and software and security and people and putting all that together. It's a very compelling offering that we have for them in a time of need. 
George Kurtz: Well, it's amazing because when we originally -- so first, thank you, Gur. Thanks for your question. When we think about Falcon Complete and we originally constructed it for organizations that might have been in the corporate space, a reasonably sized organization but not enterprise or even SMB, we had no idea the adoption would be so broad in the enterprise space. And we have many, many large enterprise customers that use us because the offering is so compelling, to be able to kind of take that Tier 1 triage off their hands, to be able to remediate any issues that come up with automation, to be able to offer a warranty on what we're doing. And the technology is very, very compelling and in -- I don't care whether you're an enterprise or whether you're in corporate or SMB. Everyone is looking to increase their overall efficiency in their operations and reduce cost. And when you look at the return of a Falcon Complete, they could never do what we do 24/7 with the expertise we have around the globe for anything close to what we're charging them. So it really is a force multiplier for them and it really has been adopted widely, whether it's a small SMB all the way to very large enterprises. 
George Kurtz: Well, thanks, Andy. And the answer is yes. I think if you look at what is taking place, which I think many of us would agree we've never seen in our life, hopefully we won't see it again, but it's definitely going to transform the way people do business. And everyone implemented emergency plans. Everyone implemented emergency spending. And if you're working from home on Zoom, you still need to be protected, right? So I think what they figured out very quickly is kind of pushing update, signature files through VPNs or overloading things, just that whole management doesn't work. And I think by leveraging something like CrowdStrike to see how easy it is, it's seamless, it doesn't even have to go through their own network in terms of what we do and how we communicate with those end points, I think their eyes are wide open.  So not only do I believe we'll see an uptick in the remote workforce. And this is going to be part of people's resiliency plan. It's not going to go away. So we're going to see that. We see CIOs going in for emergency spending and relief, and they have to solve this problem immediately. But then they're going to look at their overall business resiliency, their overall architecture and they realize that just trying to jam everything through VPN back to the mother ship is not going to work. You'll see more and more of zero trust, which we're a perfect fit in that overall architecture. And I do think it's going to fundamentally change the way people work and consume technologies, including security technology. 
George Kurtz: The answer is yes. We've got a great partnership with AWS. It cuts the sales cycle down, when we use the AWS Marketplace, by almost 50%. And just a quick stat, from an ARR perspective, just in Q1, we're up 32% quarter-over-quarter with our AWS Marketplace deal. So it's been an amazing channel for us. And at the end of the day, I think people, as they're remote, procurement is not around. It's a great channel for them. The terms are pretty much negotiated. You can get a deal done very quickly, and it slots right into their overall environment. And by the way, they can buy it and still use it on their on-prem environment. It doesn't have to be used just in the AWS cloud. So it's been really a great channel for us. 
George Kurtz: Sure. Well, CIOs and CISOs, but in particular CIOs, are looking for anything that will consolidate their footprint and reduce cost and complexity. And we slot absolutely right into that. I can tell you from when we started the company to where the conversation was, it wasn't at the CIO level to where we are today as a true platform. Almost every large deal involves the CIO. So they are looking for this. And as you pointed out, beyond just the next-gen AV and EDR piece, we have things like Discover with real-time response. We've added a tremendous amount of automation. At RSA, you might have been there, we showed how we can deploy emergency patches. We can basically pull data, bring the system back to health. And increasingly, we're seeing the IT ops team leveraging the CrowdStrike technology, which is always great because you want the IT team to be excited about security technologies. They get what they need. The security team gets what they want. And overall, we're solving and we're selling an outcome which is basically keeping customers from being breached but at the same time, giving them the consolidation and efficiency they need and saving money.  So when you wrap that all together, that's an incredibly compelling offering. And in some of the earnings calls, this one and some of the prior ones, I've talked about the consolidation, 5, 6, 7, different technologies we've been able to consolidate out. Things like Spotlight, we have new release come out at the end of Q4, broader coverage, and we've seen the adoption pick up very rapidly in that module and customers are really liking it. So whether it's that, Falcon X, across the board, I mean we have strong module adoption. I continue to come back to Discover and Spotlight though. These are real 2 gems that the IT team can leverage. Tell me what to patch, here you go, and help me automate my systems with Discover. It's a great one-two combination. 
George Kurtz: Yes. Thanks, Rob. Since I started the company, a big part of the overall thesis was we needed the best people wherever they were, and that's what we started with when we had the first 20 launch employees. So we've been able to grow up as a remote company. We've been able to figure out how to make that work to get people in lots of different places. And I think we will continue to do that. We don't have any plans to change our hiring. It's certainly a competitive environment out there. But when you're on the cutting-edge with our data science teams with handling 3 trillion events at scale on a weekly basis with using the latest and greatest technologies, we need the very best people. I believe we have the best people in the industry. And what they've been able to do in a short period of time in a very stressful environment is just herculean. So I can't say enough about the great people of CrowdStrike. And we're going to continue to hire those folks around the globe, and it's really important to have the very best people to make sure our customers are protected. 
George Kurtz: Well, thanks, Gregg. I think it's both. Again, as I've said in the past, what we've seen is a compression of someone who may be out a year in terms of their renewal. They're now coming to us sooner because it's not an if. It's a win. In many cases, they've been hit with some ransom or something that really has accelerated while they're coming to us. In other cases, they're just not happy with support. They're not on the named list. And they basically have come to us and said, "Okay, maybe we'll run out one part of the Symantec license but we're going to pick some piece of your suite up. We'll get that up and running now." And then when these things start to run out, we'll ultimately just move everything over to you. So Gregg, it's really a little bit of both. 
George Kurtz: All right. Well, thanks to all of you for your time today. Obviously, it's a very trying environment, and our hearts and prayers go out to all the folks that are affected by this virus. We certainly appreciate your interest, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you so much, and please stay safe. 
Burt Podbere: Sterling, thanks. So just to reiterate, we do believe that we've appropriately derisked our guidance, but as you know, it's a fluid situation. We believe our guidance is appropriately prudent based on what we know today, including coronavirus. As of today, we haven't seen a change in our ability to close business. Our pipeline is at record levels. We've talked to our sales leaders and the theaters and we like where we're at. But we want to be prudent in light of the current macro situation, and out of abundance of caution, we derisked our guidance. 
Burt Podbere: Saket, first, let me remark just on your comment about hitting positive cash flow faster than most of you thought. I think -- the first thing that I just want to comment on that is the fact that we did have a strong over-performance in the quarter. Other things that kind of related to that, we had strong gross margins, we had strong operating leverage, and we also had a strong collections in the quarter. So it all contributed to reaching cash flow positive than originally thought.  As it goes to with -- as your comment goes to how do we think about it in the future, I think I want to just reiterate the fact that, hey, we've said to the world that we're going to be free cash flow positive next year. On a quarterly basis though, there are going to be some quarters where we have negative cash flow, specifically Q2. So as we think about seasonality, it is in the business from both cash flow as well as ARR. With respect to ARR, Q4 going into Q1, we had commented on the fact that we're going to see a dip which is consistent with what we've seen historically. So as we think about cash flow and as we think about where we're going to end up, right now, we feel that we're in a really good spot with respect to our cash position. We've got $912 million on the balance sheet and we have an additional credit facility of $150 million as well. So combined, we're over $1 billion in available cash. So I think we're in a pretty good spot and I think that we've got a good handle on where we see the cash flow going from here, as I've just remarked. 
Burt Podbere: Sure. So as you know, we don't guide to ARR, but we do talk about revenue in the guide. We feel that we've appropriately guided for Q1, taking into consideration everything including coronavirus. I think about the seasonality in ARR being fairly consistent with prior periods. Again, the dip that we see -- that we're likely to see in Q1 is consistent with what we've seen in prior periods, and then there's an uptick as we go through the year. 
Burt Podbere: Yes. Thanks, Joel. Yes. So as a reminder, we've been free cash flow positive for the last 2 quarters. And similarly what I said on an earlier question is that we have a really strong balance sheet at the moment, right? $912 million on the balance sheet in cash, cash equivalents, and we've got an additional credit facility of $150 million. We see this -- even if things go south, we'll continue to go south from a macro perspective. We still believe that we've got great unit economics. We've got the business very dialed in. We've got opportunities to continue to go after an environment that's opened up to us with respect to our competitors. So we're in a really good spot in terms of being able to withstand any continued downturn in the environment. And the good news for us is that we've seen several consecutive quarters of improving leverage. So we're not going to stray from looking at our unit economics as we continue to invest even when there is a continued downturn in the macroeconomic environment. 
Burt Podbere: Thanks, Alex. First, I'll comment on your question about shares. So basically, for valuation purposes, I would use 233 million shares. With respect to the sales heads, we're continuing to invest for sure. Yes, in this environment, there are going to be more that's going to be available in the group that we look at to hire from. So we're going to obviously take advantage of that and take advantage of the current landscape. But having said all that, again, I want to go back to the point that I've been making all along, which is we're going to be investing prudently. We're going to continue our strong unit economics. We're not going to do anything that's unnatural. And so I think that with the model in place, the competitive landscape, I think we're in a good spot to continue to go after sales heads. With that, I'll turn it over to George. 
Burt Podbere: Thanks, Gur, and thanks for your questions. So with respect to gross margins, I mean it continues to be the same story with respect to improvements on the operational side, efficiencies in using both private and public clouds. Two, it's the modular expansion. As we add new modules after the first module is sold to a customer, virtually every other module after that is pure gross margin. Those are some of the key drivers, and they've been consistent throughout the last few years in terms of seeing why our gross margin has expanded.  In terms of the gross margin and how we think about it going forward, I think right now, we're in the middle of our long-term non-GAAP gross margin projections. And I anticipate that we're going to stay within that band. And in the long term, we see us going over that 80-plus percent from the standpoint of a non-GAAP gross margin basis. So we're going to continue to do those things that we've done doing well on the optimization side. We're going to continue to bring in new modules into our platform. Those 2 things combined will lead us to where we want to go. 
