George Kurtz: Sure. Thanks, Saket. Yes, obviously if you look at our model, we've done a great job of being able to cross-sell our technologies. And when you look at Horizon, it's a perfect opportunity for us to cross-sell into those cloud workloads, which as we've pointed out, are increasingly becoming more and more important for all the companies as they digitally transform. We've gotten tremendous feedback so far. Obviously still early days on Horizon, but again that's something that we had built for ourselves over many years. So while it's new to the market, it's been a proven technology. And it's been very well received so far by our customers, and we've gotten some nice traction with it. So we also pointed out some additional updates in the Linux modules where we can run in a Fargate environment as an example. So overall, very strong offering in the cloud workload runtime protection and visibility space, and we continue to build that out and we'll continue to build that out over time.
George Kurtz: Well, I think you have to look at the outcome. The outcome is to find advanced threats. And you don't want to create just bigger needle stacks, right? You want to be able to find those nuggets that are out there. You want to leverage the vast artificial intelligence technologies that we've built. And we've been, even prior to Humio, I mean we've built a lot of technology, which would be XDR-like in terms of looking at different network flows and connectivities. So we feel really good about the technology. We've looked at just about everything else that's out there, and we were just blown away about how fast the technology works, index-free ingestion and what it's going to bring. And as I pointed out in the script, it's going to help in multiple areas across the board that I pointed out, even the CrowdStrike Store to pull additional integrations in. So I think it's a real foundational technology for us. You'll hear more about it as we solidify the integration plans, but very excited.
George Kurtz: Well certainly, it will be a technology that will be used throughout the CrowdStrike platform. You could see we're at the high end of our range for gross margins. So I think it could be a small impact, but I'll let Burt comment on anything further than that. But overall it's going to be foundational technology for us. Its ability to compress data is without actually having to rehydrate it. So I mean you can search all this information even in a very compressed format, which is very unique in the industry. I think it's certainly going to help across the board, and we'll know more when we get into it.
George Kurtz: Well, I think you've got the normal players in the SIM log management space that are out there that they would consider competitors. With respect to their technology, why it's differentiated, I really did talk about the index-free ingestion, the fact that there's a lot of things that they can do in memory, which is just it's amazingly how efficient the technology is. And when we put it through its paces and hooked it up to our back-end, it handled all the data that we threw at it. So when you look at its flexible architecture and data models, it's different than others where you can operate it from the cloud. You're going to have data in different places, data sovereignty. So i think IT gives us a lot of flexibility. And then when you combine it with our agent, our agent is more than just a forwarder of data. It's a very intelligent agent that does introspection, the system call analysis. Provides information, observability information that can be extremely valuable to IT departments, again outside of security. So when you combine our agent, our smart filtering with their ability at scale to ingest data in real time, we really think it's a winning combination.
George Kurtz: I think it's across the board. We're seeing it. We're hearing it from CISOs. We're hearing it from CIOs. Boards are concerned. When you look at the latest breaches around Sunburts and you look at the Exchange zero-day vulnerabilities, just about every incident response we do involves Microsoft technology. So obviously we're focused on being able to protect it, but there's a lot of customers that are looking at this and saying, "Hey, we need to derisk our environment, and we need another provider." The proverbial, "I don't want the fox guarding the henhouse." And I think just over the last couple of months has really highlighted the risk in using sort of a monoculture for both security and operating systems.
George Kurtz: So thanks, Andy. It was a next-gen vendor. One has been making a lot of noise in the investment community. And they chose us because of the scalable platform, low impact, and efficacy. And I think that's across the board, that's what we're seeing, whether it's a next-gen vendor or whether it's an incumbent vendor, is the ease of use, time to value is incredible. We've done some massive financial services companies, and it's been the smoothest rollout that they've seen. It just works, and the amount of visibility that we have is it's unbelievable compared to our competitors. So a lot of things may sound and seem the same, but when you actually get into the technology and platform, this was built to scale. And we've pioneered a lot of these technologies over time. Others have tried to copy us, but a bad copy is still a copy.
George Kurtz: Well, yes, maybe I'll start with the later one -- the latter one. We still are taking share. Just how the sales tactics work and how the renewals work, it's really a great opportunity for us to continue to take share from Symantec. And I think that sort of play is again we'll continue with McAfee in the enterprise business. Whenever you see a disruption between owners, and particularly if it's a financial sponsor, we believe and I think that's been proven over time, you're not going to see a lot of innovation on the R&D side. And again, you're starting with an architecture that's just legacy. So there's a lot of work that would have to be done, and we think it's a great opportunity for us to continue to take share in that area.
George Kurtz: Thanks, Joel. And I'll start with the latter one. Obviously, we continue to build out the system integrator partnerships. So you'll see more over time. When you look specifically at EY, they've been great partners for us. The P&G deal that I called out, great relationships there. And as you very well know, they're operating at the Board level. They've got deep and long relationships. And as they're helping companies digitally transform, as I've said many times, you need to go through a security transformation as well. And they're hand in glove. So we're very excited about that relationship. Obviously, it's a worldwide relationship. And I think we're only in the beginning of that. And as that begins to ramp across the globe, we're excited about the potential opportunities that brings.
George Kurtz: Well, I certainly could see that mix longer term. We continue quarter over quarter to expand rest of world outside of North America as an example. We continue to build the partnerships, and the partnerships are very important outside -- well, they're important everywhere. But in many geographic locales, that's really the only way to go to market is through partnerships. So we'll continue to expand that out when you look at the EYs, AWS of the world, [broad reach] across the globe. We've got many other worldwide partners. And they're certainly very strategic for us. And what we're seeing right now, Rob, is a strong customer pull to the partner community, right? So it's one thing to have a partner network. It's another thing when you have a customer -- their customers saying, "We want CrowdStrike. We want it as our system of record."
George Kurtz: Sure. So we certainly see it as a sustainable tailwind. When you look at what happened, I mean this particular event was probably the most significant I've seen in almost 30 years in my security career. So that's going to drive a long-term trend in terms of customers that want better technologies that want greater visibility that drive EDR and XDR. So that's all good, and we see that. When you look at the modules that we think could really benefit something like our zero trust and really our Preempt technology, we talked about identity being incredibly important. Obviously, you have EDR and there's a lot of technologies that find bad things. But identity is a big element of protecting organizations, both on-prem and in the cloud. And I couldn't think of a more well-timed acquisition than Preempt because of what's happening right now. So we've got -- there's in a conversation we're having with a large enterprise. It doesn't involve identity, specifically, again, where we operate on the endpoints and workloads, and zero trust again on the endpoints and the workloads. 
George Kurtz: Well, yes, the vulnerability side, a lot of it is driven by the vulnerability of the week from the Microsoft perspective. So people are having a hard time just dealing with all the vulnerabilities, where they are, they patched. If it's patched, is it really the latest? Is it fixed? And our VM Spotlight product -- has really, really matured and is very well received by our customers. And that's actually been one that we've seen, I think, really good uptake on as well.
Burt Podbere: Saket, great question, great to hear your voice. So when we think about ARR per customer, you can see that there's a mix shift that is happening. I mean that's evidenced by the accelerated growth we saw in net new logos, and that was really driven by the mid-market and SMB space. And as a reminder, when you think about our ARR per customer across the board, accounts are expanding, and that's evidenced by our 125% net retention rate. And then finally when you think about the overall success of our net new logos and the velocity that we're seeing with respect to our net new logos, you're seeing that we're able to sell to customers large and small. This is very hard to do. And getting great satisfaction from our customers we're -- across the board is something that we absolutely strive to. So there are a lot of different dynamics that go into that equation. You've got the velocity from the smaller mid-market folks in terms of the volume of new logos, but you're also seeing us still be able to land those bigger deals. So excited about the opportunity and certainly excited about our expansion opportunities.
Burt Podbere: Sterling, it's Burt, still -- very, very good question. So remember I think that first of all, we feel that it was a strong quarter through AWS marketplace. I think it's growing into a really meaningful number. I think that one of the things you want to really put into perspective is that we're probably one of the most transactioned ISVs on the marketplace. And I think the key is that we're seeing good pull for our new cloud modules. George talked about how many containers we secure, and it's a big number. And I think that when you combine that with almost more than 20% of our servers we protect are in the cloud, I think that you're starting to put the picture together. The better news is that we still have the greenfield opportunity with respect to protecting cloud workloads. And we're really, really ahead of anybody else that's out there in the marketplace. The marketplace is really a great vehicle for transacting business with both large and small customers. And George often talks about the speed in terms of how we close the process with AWS. I think that with respect to their governing contracts or their global contracts, I think that this has been a real advantage for us. If both the buyer and seller agree to this standard contract, that just speeds up the process by 80%. At the end of the day, companies want our tech, and they're buying it through the Marketplace as one avenue. So we see this as, again I want to highlight, we see this as a greenfield opportunity for us.
Burt Podbere: Yes, it's a good question, Fatima. I think that to George's point, I mean we're already in a good spot with respect to our subscription gross margin. There's going to be a little help with respect to Humio. And so we do anticipate an opportunity for increased margin expansion due to that, but also due to other things like more modules that we're going to add to our platform and more optimization.
Burt Podbere: Sure. First, let me comment on seasonality. So I think that we typically see seasonality in our business in ARR. And we saw last year, or similar to last year, we saw a dip from Q4 to Q1. And I think that's going to be the case again. The good news is again, there were no outsized deals in the quarter. We had a lot of large deals. And so that was beneficial for us when we think about our ability to continue to land many large deals. And some of the things, some of the remarks that George made with respect to ARR going into Q1, that really relates to some of the subscription start dates. So we would still land them in Q4, but the subscription start date would take place in the following quarter, and that happens in every quarter. And we have many, many, many deals that obviously land in the quarter and also start their subscription start date in the quarter as well. And I think that the other thing is it really is dependent on the customer's deployment schedule, right? We're ready to go anytime, right, but we want to make sure that the customer is ready. And so that's why we think about large deals or small deals landing in one quarter, but the subscription start date in another.
Burt Podbere: Yes. On your comment about hiring enough salespeople to go after that record pipeline going into the year, so like I've been talking about for a while, Alex, we're constantly looking at our opportunities. And we're going to invest aggressively when we see them. We clearly see them now. Obviously, it's -- we're really happy with our Magic Number at 1.3. But I think we have some room there to continue to aggressively invest in the sales and marketing efforts because we clearly see the opportunity in front of us.
