George Kurtz: Hey, Sterling, George here. So, when we think about COVID, there has certainly been some puts and takes, but on balance, we believe it’s been a tailwind for us. And really, what it’s done is to accelerate the deterioration of the perimeter. And as more companies move to a distributed work from anywhere paradigm, we believe it helps accelerate this movement. And from a security perspective, it really enables this digital transformation. So companies can’t really keep their systems behind the perimeter anymore. And overall, from my perspective, it’s something that’s a sustainable trend, whether it’s work from anywhere or whether it’s actually moving these systems to the cloud. So, if you look at just the airline, as an example, I mean, even in the COVID environment, we’re still getting big deals done in stressed industries. And I think, we’re doing that, because people are saying, how can they run their business more efficiently in the current environment and being able to consolidate all those agents and reduce costs and come out with a better outcome is ultimately what they’re looking for.
George Kurtz: It does, yes. And if you look at where we are today with our modules and typically when we add a new module, we add new TAM opportunities. We’re probably above $30 billion with all the TAM opportunities we have today and growing, right? So that’s today and into the future. I think it’s bigger than that, because when you look at the opportunity in cloud and cloud workloads, and we talked about Zoom as an example as an opportunity for us to protect those workloads, I think, that’s really underrepresented in the TAM market today. And there’s a lot of adjacencies related to cloud and cloud protection and just – it’s just a different model. So between understanding what the hygiene of those systems are, understanding what the vulnerabilities are having the ability to interact with them using some of our Discover for IT modules, it’s a growing TAM. And I think, as I said, in some areas, it’s probably underrepresented. Because while we’re – we get lumped in the endpoint security category, which is a category, we view it more as workload protection, right? And endpoint is just a subset of that workload. And you have everything from mobile devices to IoT devices to cloud workloads, ephemeral workloads. And that’s a massive opportunity for us, particularly as you think about like 5G and its proliferation. So hopefully, that gives you kind of a quick snapshot of the TAM that we have today. But as we add new more – as we add more modules, we continue to add more TAM to our opportunity.
George Kurtz: Well, we have seen, I think, an acceleration in that area and a shift, because as people are trying to execute on their digital transformation plans, they actually figured out they need a security transformation first. And in order to get all these legacy systems up into the cloud from a compliance perspective, you have to have security. And typically, what we’ve seen in cloud workloads is they’re under protected. They’re just – there’s not – there’s really nothing there protecting them. So we see it as a Greenfield opportunity for us. I mentioned that, on a daily basis, we protect over 1 billion cloud containers, 1 billion and those are ephemeral containers that come and go. So, we’ve really built, I think, a great reputation and tremendous capabilities from a technology perspective in that area and we continue to double down in cloud workload protection. So if we think digital transformation is here to stay, which I do security transformation as part of it, moving to the cloud, cloud workloads are going to need to be protected. And right now, they’re under protected. There’s not much there. So we feel really good about it.
George Kurtz: Sure. Hey, this is George. So we didn’t give any specific guidance around the actual numbers. But we’re seeing similar adoption when we think again about some of these big wins in the cloud. We’ve talked again about Zoom and their AWS environment and, in particular, Falcon for AWS. We’re seeing great adoption there. And we don’t – we only seeing it. We only see it continuing to do really well. As I said before, there’s not a lot of solutions – competitive solutions that really operate so seamlessly in the cloud. And customers like it, we integrate with their marketplace in store. We have metered billing, so it makes it super easy for customers to be able to implement and use it and get billed appropriately.
George Kurtz: Well, the beauty of our technology is that, it doesn’t necessarily have to be in the flow of that process, because we run underneath all of the containers. It’s seamless for developers to just deploy and not have to worry about putting another agent in a container unlike our competitors. So we certainly have a lot of interaction with the DevOps teams. But the reality is, they don’t have to change much in terms of deployment, because it’s so seamless behind the scenes.
George Kurtz: Yes. Thanks, Burt. So, you touched on the digital piece, and we spent a lot of time having the platform sell itself with in-app trials and the ability to instrument what customers are doing, and really be able to take that information and convert that into sales. So, one of the things that we really focused on in building the company is not only building a scalable technology to prevent breaches, but also build a very scalable sales model, which uses technology behind the scenes that people never see. So I think that’s part of it. And we continue to refine how we go-to-market and how we get the customers. And Burt and I are always looking at the cost of sales and trying to make it as efficient as possible.
George Kurtz: We’re still in the cycle of helping companies get through this. So we haven’t pushed that hard and monetizing it. There has been a tremendous amount of interest. And, again, that was a program that we put together, specifically for COVID. But it’s something that we can continue – we can continue if we’d like going forward and we see a lot of demand for it. So, no real updates on that other than lots of people taken advantage of it. And at this point, we really haven’t pushed on monetizing as people just try to get their sea legs and get through this pandemic.
George Kurtz: Well, we’ve got customers that have different technologies in their environments. And they may have something where we’re running side-by-side. We may replace a lot of technologies that are in their environment. We may run side-by-side and then replace a bunch of technologies, it really depends on the customer and their cycle and when their subscriptions run out things of that nature. The beauty of the technology is that, it’s really all API-driven. So if a customer needs to plug things together, get data out of our system, we believe in best a platform approach, so that can be plugged into other technologies out there and we’re open right. So we realized this other security tools that are out there and we’ll work with others. But at the end of the day, once we get in even with one module, we know we have a very high conversion rate in many other modules because of how easy it works, easy to deploy efficacy, et cetera. So, it depends customer-by-customer, but overall, it’s just a matter of getting into a customer with either one or more module and then being able to expand that out.
George Kurtz: Sure. Well, I would say, we’re still in the crawl, walk, run stage and there’s no shared economics at this point. But what we’re really focused on is getting the best outcome for customers and putting best of breed platforms together. And I think what we’ve seen over time is that customers aren’t interested in building things. They’re interested in assembling, if you will, taking CrowdStrike, Okta, Proofpoint and others putting them together. And I think that’s important. So, we’ve got the integrations there and a big part of what we’re doing as well. Things like Okta is helping to drive zero trust initiatives, right, where the endpoint really has a view of what’s happening and an idea of what’s happening from an identity perspective. That’s really important for a lot of these identity brokers, if you will. So, I mean, overall, it’s been very well received by customers and a lot of joint customers that are using all these technologies and they’re looking for vendors to be able to come up with solutions that just seamlessly work together and share information. And that’s really what we’re focused on.
George Kurtz: Well, again, Microsoft is still primarily a signature-based legacy AV product, and they certainly made some strides. But I think fundamentally, he’s got a lot of legacy tech and then they’ve got some acquisitions thrown in there. And what we’ve seen in the field is the customers want a single agent, a solution that works across not just windows, but across Linux and Mac seamlessly. And a company that’s really focused on stopping breaches. And we’ve seen a lot of customers that just are looking for a church and state and there’s so many Microsoft patches and vulnerabilities that have come out, I think, 11,000 security issues just from May through July alone, that they’re looking for solutions to help deal with some of that, and I think they’re looking for church and state. So, certainly, they’ve got some offerings there, but a lot of it is very complex with multiple consoles and harder to really operationalizing, I think, a lot of people…
George Kurtz: Well, we haven’t put out anything specific on actual numbers in cloud workloads. And just to be clear, we have the ability to bill on a metered billing basis. But we also have the ability to leverage the traditional model we have, and we have companies that do both, right? So it’s not one or the other. It’s actually both. But I would say, in general, when we look at the opportunity in cloud, I really think we’re just scratching the surface. I don’t – I haven’t run into too many CIOs or folks in technology that believe that cloud is going to slowdown anytime soon. In fact, really, what we’re seeing is,. we’re sort of staring at 2023’s digital transformation plan and we’re looking at in 2020, right? They’ve just – everything has been accelerated. And, as I said earlier, there’s just a lack of protection in those environments. And companies have really figured out they have to go through security transformation before they can actually get their digital transformation off the ground that support it.
George Kurtz: Yes, sure. I think Illumio is a great example of what we’ve been able to do and really what we’ve been able to create, it’s really more than a store. You can think about it as endpoint, PaaS, right, Platform as a Service, where we’ve got very valuable beachfront real estate which happens to be these endpoints and workloads and customers don’t want yet another agent. So our store partners can take advantage of the infrastructure we built the micro services, the API’s, the workflows. And instead of putting out yet another agent, they leverage our infrastructure. We get paid for that. And ultimately, it’s a great win for the customer, not another agent, because they’re leveraging what we have, and a seamless integration for other capabilities. In the case of illumio, they’re helping to prevent lateral movement based upon some of their expertise in microsegmentation space. So, we’re 14 partners today. We continue to grow that out. And, again, it’s been very strategic to us and we’ll look to really harvest and monetize that in future years. But right now, it’s about solving problems for customers and making it really sticky.
George Kurtz: Yes, it’s been favorable. It continues to remain favorable. Obviously, there’s a lot of shared donors out there. We’ve made substantial gains in the latest IDC report in terms of our market share, and there’s a lot of donors, right? It’s certainly Symantec, but a lot of other donors, including next-gen players when they’re going through their renewal cycle. So, overall, it’s actually, I think, been a great market for us. And customers, again, are looking for that consolidation play, reduction of agents, reduction of cost and better outcomes, and that’s what we’re able to deliver.
George Kurtz: All right. Well, thank you. We’re excited about the quarter and we look forward to talking everyone next quarter, and we certainly want to wish everyone well and please stay safe and we’ll talk soon. Thank you so much.
Burt Podbere: Sure, Saket. So first, of course, we, as mentioned, we are continuing to aggressively invest in our business. That’s number one. Given the overperformance in Q2, we have an eye to ensure that we have the requisite coverage. We have increased – we’ve definitely increased our hiring plan in key areas and we will continue to do so. Having said that, as you’ve been following us for a while. unit economics remains important to us. So we talked about the Magic Number being 1.3, the highest it’s ever been in company history. We don’t plan to take our eye off of it, but it does tell us that we have room to invest. And so I think that so far today, we’ve had an excellent return on our S&M investments. It’s interesting, there’s a – we have a strong position today in the market for talent. I think that we have the ability to attract the best that’s out there and we’re acting upon. I mean, it’s a unique time, as you know. I think we have the right solution. It’s the right market. We have an excellent competitive backdrop. I think we’re going to take advantage of all those things. So in summary, we’re not going to take our foot off of the gas pedal and we’re going to continue to invest.
Burt Podbere: Sure, Gur. Great. So first of all, we’re very pleased with our module adoption, let’s just start there. We have seen an increase in the number of customers using both Discover and Spotlight in the quarter and they have been two critical modules for us outside the core three, the big three that we talked about constantly. Overall, we – obviously, we’ve seen this in the past, overall, we continue to see strong adoption for our modules with customers without paying four more modules increasing to 57% and those with five or more modules increasing to 39%. And I think that, that in and of itself should give you an idea as to how well we think we’re doing with respect to module adoptions. With respect to profitability and what this means for us, every new module, of course, after the first adds to our bottom line. It’s virtually all of the new modules that, that come on board become virtually all profitable. So as we think about the opportunity in front of us, both in new logos and the new expansion and an up-sell, we feel that there’s a unique opportunity for us to continue to go after both. And so because we can go after both and because we think that we’ve got this great platform, where we can add new modules, bring them in seamlessly into our platform, we’re able to drive more profitability into our business as we continue to expand our module adoption, as well as adding new modules to the platform.
Burt Podbere: Yes. Hey, Tal. So first, let’s be clear, what I said was that Q1 may not be the low quarter in the year. So I didn’t necessarily comment on Q2. We’re obviously excited for the phenomenal quarter that we just put up on the Board. Even without the oversized deal that George had talked about on the call, I think, that a lot of things that George had talked about kind of led to the great quarter with the – I think that the acceleration of deterioration of the perimeter. That’s number one. Clearly, the acceleration towards digital transformation, I think, that, that has also helped in the quarter. But overall, it goes back to what George has built, right? I mean, he built a company where we’ve – it’s a single agent, single platform, it’s data-driven. You get data once, you reuse it many times. And, of course, it goes to the ease of deployment and ease of management, all those things are working well today and really lending itself to today’s environment and for years to come. That said, you combine that with the competitive environment, which has been very good for us. And I think that, given all of those things coming together, we saw the over performance in Q2.
Burt Podbere: Sure. So as I mentioned, right now, we are winning both net new logos and we’re winning up-sells and cross-sells at very robust level. So for us, in net new logos you saw the number, it’s a record for us. So we’re really excited there. And, of course, on the cross-sell and expansion, we had a great quarter as well. And we feel that we still have tremendous amount of headroom on both. I think, what was really special about Q2 was that it was strong in both of those areas. And we’re going to continue to go after both in a meaningful way and we back it up with our comp plans. Today, we paid for net new ARR, whether it comes from a new logo, or whether it comes from an up-sell expansion. We’re paying the sales team equally for both. So today, because we feel we have a lot of headroom with respect to the new logos, that’s going to play well in that area. And also because of our unique customer base, we have this huge opportunity to continue to up-sell and cross-sell the 2,000 unique customer base. And, of course, as we add a new module that just gives us an opportunity to sell that new module to our ever-growing customer base.
Burt Podbere: Hey, Sarah, great to hear your voice as well. So thanks for the question. So first, since day one, we’ve been – we’ve had an eye to unit economics. We – the way that process works, sales team works with finance team to develop capacity planning, then we look at the capacity planning and then we take it and we put it into our financial models, and we come out with a range of unit economics that we get comfortable with. And so when it starts there and when we see this opportunity in front of us with respect to many of our competitors, not being able to keep up with our tech and our go-to-market, what’s been happening is we’ve seen success across all of our different swim lanes and success along – across our geos. So when you have all of that, it’s going to lead to strong unit economics. And for us, we continue to measure that. We continue to look at how we think about each of the reps and each of their different categories, each of the different territories. And then we triangulate that with respect to the product adoption, as well as the geo adoption. And so far, we’ve seen great success across the Board on all of those different elements. With respect to our marketing plans and with respect to where we live in today with respect to the increased importance on digital, we – we’ve funded those accordingly. We’ve looked at the returns that we get on those particular initiatives and they’ve been successful for us. Maybe for a little color on that, I’ll pass it over to George with respect to our programs.
Burt Podbere: Yes. No, thanks, George. Yes, sure. The one thing I’ll add is, of course, is that SMB in terms of our overall business is still the small portion of our business. We’re growing across the Board so well that, it will remain there for a little bit. I think, the strength and that talks to more on the strength of our strong enterprise growth and some of these deals we’re able to land. In this quarter, obviously, we had an outsize deal. But we’re seeing the velocity of our SMB space get picked up. And I think it talks to the fact of the frictionless go-to-market that we’ve created and really favorable competitive environment, which is driving that growth both on the enterprise level and on the SMB level.
