George Kurtz: Sure. So, hey Saket, good to connect here. Customers are very willing to use our technology. As we’ve talked about many times, they’re looking for a holistic solution across multiple clouds, not just one cloud provider. They’re looking for a single agent that not only can give visibility and protection in their corporate enterprise, but also in their cloud environment. And in terms of the willingness to use it, it’s an extremely competitive product. We continue to add more and more capabilities, including drift detection now if these workloads drift and containers drift, which is a real boon for the devops team. So, we’ve spent a lot of time selling into that group. We’ve got a lot of traction there. And as I mentioned before, a lot of our cloud technology, not necessarily new product, particularly things like Horizon because we built it for internal use before we actually delivered it to the market. So, in general, it’s a greenfield opportunity in cloud. There’s not a lot of competitors and the existing technologies we have to displace. And we’re really excited about the momentum we’ve seen in that particular category.
George Kurtz: Sure. So, you have to separate, again, the network components out from the workload components. And there are other players that have virtual firewalls and network technology. So, we need to separate that out because we don’t actually supply that. So, specific to workloads, containers, virtual instances, we have the ability to protect at runtime. So, similar to what we do today in a normal environment, we can identify threats and prevent those using machine learning and behavioral technologies. We’ve got the ability to understand and stream data, EDR data, if you will. And we also have cloud security posture management, which gives you the configuration of that infrastructure. And what’s different than a normal corporate environment is that since customers in the cloud don’t control the infrastructure, it’s mostly set up via policy settings. And a lot of those settings can go awry or be misconfigured. So, we’re handling the policy piece and the configuration of the infrastructure as well as the workload protection piece, as well as understanding the configurations of these containers, as an example, to understand if there are vulnerabilities or drifts. So, in our mind, in terms of workload protection, we’re covering a full suite of protection capabilities that a customer would need.
George Kurtz: Sure. Well, as we’ve talked about in the past, we’ve built a tremendous sales machine and we spent a lot of time, obviously, focusing on the scalability of the technology but also the scalability of the sales machine. And things like trial to pay, in-app trials, creating frictionless ways to actually cross-sell into our customer base, that’s really important for what we do. And when we think about the next 10,000 or beyond, and as you said, 10,000, 11,000 is fantastic. But when you look at other competitors over the many, many years, they’ve had hundreds of thousands. So, we certainly think we can be in that arena in the future. And it goes to, I think, a very efficient go-to-market motion. Burt talked about our Magic Number of 1.4. And it also combines with the fact that we’ve built an e-commerce platform behind or below, if you will, the Falcon platform. So, the platform is designed to sell itself and to get new customers and we spend a lot of time on digital to trial to pay and then conversions. And whether it’s a small customer or whether it’s a large one in enterprise, once we get them in the door, we certainly can’t convert them with a credit card, but obviously, the bigger customers will engage on the sales team and a partner and close deals. And now with things like AWS and GCP and EY, we’ve expanded our partner network. So we feel really good about the flywheel we’ve built and the scalability -- sales scalability built into the platform.
George Kurtz: Sure. I think, thematically, its customers are looking for a next-gen endpoint workload technology platform like CrowdStrike combined with next-gen network technology, and they’re looking to replace their legacy Palo Alto Networks. And we spent -- or others. And we spent a lot of time in the field, and we’ve set up compensation structures between the two organizations, where both sales teams are incented to help each other out, which is always good in the field. And we’ve done the integration. So, when we think about understanding what happens out of the network, obviously, we’re not a network company, that information can be supplied to us in the Falcon platform. And we’ve got tremendous visibility on the endpoints that go beyond anything a network company could have, and that’s useful to Zscaler customers. So, when you put the two of them together, we think it’s better together. And we’ve got a huge hotel company that uses both, Zscaler and CrowdStrike. And it has just been amazing to see the technologies work together, and they’ve been a big fan and a big proponent of us putting these integrations together. So, I think it’s good for customers and it’s good for both parties.
George Kurtz: Sure. Good to connect here. When you look at the -- some of the orders that have come out of the White House, it will -- if you will, it’s like -- lines up with our strategy, lines up with what we do. And I think certainly, the federal government can benefit and has been benefiting from our technology. We spent our initial foray into the civilian agencies, and that gives you a beachhead into some of the broader intelligence agencies. So, we’ve gotten a lot of our certifications that has taken some time. That’s just a process that anyone has to go through. We put the effort in and spend the money to do it. And we think we’re set up for success. So, we’ve seen some really nice wins, big wins in the federal space. And we think that’s going to continue to carry forward. And when we think about federal, that’s just one piece of the government. Obviously, state and local, we’ve had tremendous wins. A lot of the states in the U.S. certainly have adopted CrowdStrike, a lot of municipalities and communities. And as you’ve seen with ransomware and some of the other forest attacks that are out there, typically, they are under protected and they need technologies like CrowdStrike. And they typically don’t have the people power to do it. So, we feel really good about fed, state and local from a platform perspective.
George Kurtz: Sure. It’s a good question. And I think we’re still in the early innings, maybe second inning in terms of our ability to continue to take share. And actually, just today, IDC released an updated worldwide market share stat from modern endpoint security, and CrowdStrike was ranked number one, ahead of Microsoft and other legacy vendors. So, we feel really good about where we are. But, as we talked about earlier on the call, 11,000-plus customers, fantastic, but there’s a lot of companies out there, big and small, and we still think we’ve got a lot of runway, and still continue the migration of -- and share from Symantec and McAfee to CrowdStrike. So, still early on, but obviously, lots of progress that we’re proud of.
George Kurtz: Yes, sure. So, we went through some of the prepared remarks in terms of our efficacy and some of the latest results that we’ve seen with the testing organizations. I’ll point you back to those, 100% for the last couple of months. Obviously, that’s just one piece of it, right? You have to look at the entire system and it’s designed to stop breaches. And we stopped last year, I think, 65,000 -- or 75,000, I should say, in process breaches. So, we know the technology works. We know it has extremely high efficacy. MITRE ATT&CK, we had 100% coverage across the 20 different groups. And there’s a reason why we’re winning. The technology works, the technology scales. And it’s designed to catch things across the kill chain. Even if something slips through one part of the kill chain is designed to catch it in the second part and stop breaches. And that’s what we’ve done from the beginning, and that’s what we’re going to continue to do.
George Kurtz: Sure. I mean you can -- any company has lots of data, it’s the value and what you do with it. And I think CrowdStrike has proven our ability to utilize the data. And whether that’s in training our AI algorithms or whether that’s creating a product that can actually be quickly searched and insights be gained. With our Threat Graph, we’ve pioneered cloud delivery end point and graft technology specific to security. So, I think that continues. With Humio, you’ve got fantastic technology, extremely fast, extremely efficient, in-memory, index-free, driving down the cost compared to legacy technologies that are out there on the lock side. And that will be a key part of our XDR extension in our strategy. And we’ve seen fantastic feedback from customers. I called out some big wins that we had with Humio. And as that gets integrated, which we’re working on, we feel really good about having the ability to pull other information besides CrowdStrike data into our data platform and our Threat Graph and make that available to customers. So, I think it comes down to -- again, there’s a lot of marketing noise in the marketplace. But when you actually look at the technology which we have and why we bought Humio, we feel really good about it as a next-gen technology that’s going to be a good fit for our platform.
George Kurtz: Well, I would say, much more frequently now. Obviously, Horizon is still a relatively new entrant into our portfolio as of last year. But, we talked about Cloudera is a good example. That was a company who had our traditional endpoint protection and obviously, now adopted our cloud technology. So, we have a big base that we can go into and cross sell, which we are. And part of the conversation with any new customer is about what you’re doing in the cloud and how you’re protecting it. Some companies, they have a different time scale or path to the cloud. And it may not line up exactly to what they’re doing internally or for their end points. But every sales call, certainly at the larger enterprise in the medium, we’re talking about our cloud technology. It’s really about the platform play. And again, we’ve seen tremendous success in the overall adoption just over the last couple of quarters with it. So, it’s been out less than a year. But I think when you look at how fast we’re innovating in that area and our ability to actually sell into dev ops, we feel really good about its future.
George Kurtz: Okay. I want to thank all of you for your time today. We certainly appreciate your interest and look forward to seeing you virtually at our upcoming investor events. Stay safe, and we’ll talk soon. Thank you.
Burt Podbere: Hi, Shaul, great to hear your voice. So, I’ll take the second part of your question first. Number one, as new customers come on board, we’re seeing them deploy more and more modules. That goes also talk to the fact that we have more modules for customers to purchase. On the second part, in terms of where we’re seeing uptick with respect to new customers and new logos, obviously, a lot of the velocity is coming from some of the smaller -- the SMB and mid-market because it does take less time for -- to contract a deal. But the good news is that we’re capturing deals both at the large enterprise level, mid-market and SMB, across the board.
Burt Podbere: Hey Andy, this is Burt. So, I think it’s just more broad-based demand. I don’t think it’s necessarily focused in just AWS. I think, the great news is we essentially delivered a second Q4 in Q1, to your point. You’ve been following us closely. I think it’s the continuation of trends we have been seeing for quite some time. George talked about them, the digital and security transformation, cloud adoption, this robust threat landscape. And I think we’re in a buying environment. And so, we’re really excited to be able to post such a strong Q1. But I think, again, it goes back to the broad-based demand. But thanks for tracking that information.
Burt Podbere: Hey Gray, great questions. So effectively, our core is still the majority of our sales, right? That’s the core traditional workload and endpoint protection, it’s detection, it’s prevention, it’s OverWatch. But, we’ve seen some great traction coming in from things even like device control and then you throw in Discover for IT management and you got also Spotlight which has gained some traction. And so, what we’re really seeing across the board is companies coming in and buying more modules out of the gate, because they see the value not only of the platform and where they can go with the platform, but the total cost of ownership. We’re able to drive down those costs overall by taking out some other competitors that offer other type of technologies where we come in with better efficacy and lower cost. So, it’s really all about the opportunity for customers to purchase more of our modules, and they’re doing so more and more out of the get-go. So, that’s how we look at it.
Burt Podbere: Yes. So, Patrick, great question. And the answer is yes. We’re seeing an uptick in the number of multiyear deals versus where we’ve been historically. Customers want to lock into us. They want to use our platform and they see us as the platform that they can grow on. And they see us as a platform of the future. Everyone today is looking for that modern day architecture. We supply it, easy to deploy, simple to manage, and we’re able to show customers that, hey, we’re here to stay. We’re going to continue to invest in R&D. And we’re going to use our balance sheet to be able to do that. We are seeing more and more of those multiyear deals they paid annually, which obviously impacts the deferred, but the total RPO number has gone up because customers are willing to sign longer term contracts with us because they believe in what we’re doing. And that’s really good for us. And we’re really happy -- we’ll really have to see that uptick in RPO.
