George Kurtz: Sure. This is George. Thanks, Heather. So, I think it really is an extension of what we've already built and continue to refine in our IT ops and our Discover module, and just add on to what we’ve been seeing from a customer perspective. Getting back to the overall model, the single agent architecture, the ability to collect data at one-time, it becomes easy for us, if you will, to be able to represent that data and help customers understand the current configuration they have, help them provide more efficient IT operations once they have visibility into applications and the system health and things of that nature. So, it really is just an extension of what we’ve already been doing. And when we think about the opportunity, again, as these workloads proliferate, whether it’s desktops, server and IoT device, a cloud instance, a containerized instance, they all need some level of protection and visibility. And really, this is just an extension to collecting the data that we already have and being able to display that in a work flow that makes sense for our customers.
George Kurtz: Sure. Hey, Saket. This is George. I'll take first shot at this. So, if we look at pro, which is really our Prevent and our Falcon X, that has wide adoption in the smaller SMB and corporate space. Obviously, the enterprise package can be applicable to a large organization, a corporate company, or even a large enterprise. And as we continue to go up the food chain, if you will, with premium, we have, as we talked about, we have many of our customers actually have OverWatch and Discover. And, it really depends on the overall organization. Certainly, Enterprise and Premium are going to be more applicable to the larger organizations. And the Pro version is just pure antivirus, if you will, next-gen AV antivirus with our Falcon X technology can be useful for a smaller organization. The beauty of the model is, once people understand our technology, it is easier to upsell them into an EDR technology where as a smaller company, maybe they weren’t quite exposed to it. But given our technology, how it works, how easy it is to use, and combine that with OverWatch, it makes for an effective cross-sell. So, hopefully that gives you at least an idea of where we're seeing the traction. And again, our overall goal, even for large enterprises is, you could have a trial in a large enterprise of just the pro product. But then, we can quickly come in and cross-sell them or up-sell them in the sales process into a package that fits their enterprise. So, it can leak into the enterprise, just from the free trial, which is really exciting to us. And it doesn't just have to be a next-gen AV sale.
George Kurtz: Sure. So, we've got close to a dozen partners that are in process and investigation phase. I think just to reiterate what we talked about is making sure that we’ve got the quality versus just quantity in the story. And certainly it’s early days as we continue to underscore. I think, when you look at the opportunity, the opportunity is much broader than that. You look at our technology fundamentally where we have the ability to do, it’s the ability to gather large amounts of data at scale, it could be security related data, it could be non-security related data. And we have the ability to take action. And this is very important for organizations of all sizes. And ultimately having them interact with third parties or create their own work flows is very exciting to this organizations. So it’s still early days but we’re focusing on getting the right partners in. And when we think about the revenue opportunity, Burt can comment some more specifically around this, but in terms of how we look at market with these partners, the more of the service offerings, behind the scenes APIs, if you will, that they use, the greater revenue share that we would get. So, the more they consume our platform, the less that they have to spend on their own and more revenue from a rev share perspective we will be able to take advantage of that.
George Kurtz: Yes. This is George. I’ll take this. So, I think, anytime you have a transition between Windows 7 and Windows 10, an operating system change, there’s always an opportunity for us to get built into the overall going damages, [ph] and we continue to see that. With respect to other partners out there or I should say, other competitors, I mean, there’s a variety of competitors that are out there. We’ve, I think, done a great job because of our platform support for technologies beyond just Windows. So, in a heterogeneous environment, companies want coverage not only for Microsoft 10 but they also want it for Linux and Mac and other devices. So, I think that’s an area where we have a distinct advantage over our competition in terms of our platform support, particularly in the Linux environment.
George Kurtz: Well, there's a lot of core IP that we’ve built into the technology. And we started in 2011, as the first cloud native endpoint security vendor. And obviously, there's a lot of lessons learned between now and then. I think, there's key elements that we have that we don’t -- number one is the single lightweight agent doesn't require reboots. That really helps time to value and adoption. I think number two is the proprietary graph database that we've built with our time dimension to it, very hard to replicate at scale. We didn't pick an open source technology because it just didn’t scale to what we needed, we didn’t have some of the elements. And then the modular framework, to be able to add modules and use at scale, it's just really, really hard thing to do. And, you have a lot of folks that talk about cloud, but the reality is, is cloud managed and is cloud native. And you really have to start from a single sheet of paper. I don't think, it's any different than the Salesforce Siebel analogy that you just can't take something that started on-premise and try to jam it into a cloud and call it cloud native. So, in our mind it’s a difficult thing to do. And, more importantly, anyone coming into the space would really have a low margins and has to go through a painful process of margin migration upwards. Obviously, you've seen we've gone through this, but a lot of it really is based upon the core IP that we've built, which is very unique. And the data maybe is the last piece that I'll say is, once you collect that amount of data, it keeps building on each other -- on itself, I should say. And again, that becomes a very hard thing to replicate the sheer amount of trillions of events that we collect each week.
George Kurtz: This is George. Let me start here. I think, what we’re seeing, again, is the recognition in the marketplace, whether it’s analyst recognition, whether it’s the single agent cloud architecture, the adoption of new cloud module, the adoption of workloads where customers are looking for something that’s simple, give you time to value and just works. I think, we’ve done a good job in the free trials. We continue to see a lot of momentum where customers are coming in and very easily and quickly seeing the value of our technology that we can convert that with a very robust inside sales team. So, we see a lot of momentum in that space. And I think it’s just a recognition that traditional legacy players are not really capable of dealing with advanced threats. And customers are looking for something different, more prudently in a cloud-based architecture to match their needs as they migrate other technologies into the cloud. 
George Kurtz: Yes. So, as we think about pricing for our new modules, we take a look at what we’ve done in the past, we take a look at what the market will bear. You have great read on what customers have been able to absorb according to their budgets. And so, for us as we think about the fact that once you bought that first initial module, you’re absorbing a lot of the initial cost and we have lot of flexibility in terms of where we want to go with our pricing as new module come out. And so, we’ve been able to benefit from that.
George Kurtz: Well, any of the legacy vendors we continue to take share from, and again, I think, it’s a recognition of customers that are trying to transition to a true cloud architecture. We don’t really get focused on their distractions. We continue to focus on building the best endpoint security and platform technology that’s out there. And that’s why we win. We show the value in the sales process of what we can deliver, how we can protect against breaches, and more importantly, how we can create a modular framework that allows them to consolidated the number of agents they have with a single lightweight agent that can do the work of many. I think that’s why we continue to win in all areas of business.
George Kurtz: Obviously, it was a financing event for us, but there is certainly marketing aspect and awareness worldwide. So, we continue to see more and more awareness of CrowdStrike and what we do and just how different we are from all the other technologies that are out there. And I think it served as a good event to provide a level of awareness that maybe wasn’t available outside of the U.S. And I think we will continue to create a boarder presence, particularly in the international markets as a result of this IPO process.
George Kurtz: Well, from a hiring perspective, I think what's really interesting is, the amount of the data that we have and just the technology and the science that we have, may not have been as well known. And when we think about some of the leading tech companies that operate at scale, I would put ourselves in that category. So, for folks that really are looking to deal with data science and at scale, we get really excited about what we’ve done. And I think we’ve been able to shine a light on that through the IPO process.
George Kurtz: For us, it’s been consistent with the prior quarters. We haven't seen anything that has been unusual and it’s been basically business as usual.
George Kurtz: It’s pretty simple. This broad relationship is really just for presentation purposes. So, the graph database, the collection everything is all our technology. And threat hunters tend to like to hunting back and search around. So, we use Splunk, which you’re very familiar with as a presentation layer. And that's the extent of it. So, it's not really used for anything other than that. 
George Kurtz: Yes. So, just to clarify, it was 543. And it's really adoption across the board, whether it's large enterprise or small and midmarket customers. I think the beauty of the model is that we have been able to go down market very effectively. We started the enterprise, and then we've been able to go down at the corporate space and ultimately into the small SMBs. And it's really because of that immediate time to value up and running without really any configuration and immediate time to value. So, it's across the board. We continue to see large enterprises switch off their incumbent event vendors to CrowdStrike and embrace the simulation architecture. So, we anticipate that trend continuing.
George Kurtz: All right. Great. Thank you. Great questions. And I want to thank all of you for your time today. We appreciate your interest, and look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thanks so much and have a great day.
Burt Podbere: Hi, Sterling. It’s Burt. So, I would characterize, [Technical Difficulty] early innings in terms of AR generation versus [Technical Difficulty]. We have access [Technical Difficulty] business from customers around the world. The up-sell [ph] opportunity is significant [Technical Difficulty]. Ultimately, we feel that [Technical Difficulty] expansion to markets [Technical Difficulty] strong presence such as in Federal or EMEA or APJ.
Burt Podbere: That’s a good question. So, as you saw in the S-1, we're in a great spot. We’ve got 47% of our existing customers having four more modules in Q4, we saw that in Q1, the trend continued. For us, it goes back to how George first thought about the company, which was about next generation AV, EDR and OverWatch. Those were the three things that he came out with. And those are our core to our business, and that hasn’t changed. All the other ones that we talked about, whether it’s device control or whether it’s Discover, all those come in and they can come in equally depending on what the customer really wants to do.
Burt Podbere: So, as we think about guidance, we think about guiding prudently based on the things that we know today, not necessarily the things that we don’t know. As we think about the future and to the guidance, we think about both improvements on the top, improvements on gross margin and OpEx. As we think about the splits between OpEx and gross margin, we think it's about 50-50 in terms of how we think about the improvements and the benefit there.
Burt Podbere: It’s Burt. I'll just add on to that. As we think about what I just talked about in terms of the module adoption, as we continue to come out with different bundles and as we continue to bring new modules to the marketplace, we anticipate that not only the adoption within our existing customer base will increase but the amount of modules that each customer will have will increase as well.
Burt Podbere: Sure. And to expand on that just a little bit, as we look at each partner, we look at it on a case by case basis. And for us, as we think about the opportunity, we would derive revenue share from that.
Burt Podbere: Hi. It’s Burt. So, we see it from both, we’re going after both. Both, whether or not existing customer has done an acquisition and we would get more endpoints over in system the ability to upsell with our -- in our trails and we’re seeing actually adoption in both.
Burt Podbere: Yes. I know you want to drill a little bit more into where we think we can go above the 47%. I mean, as I said that the trend continued in Q1. But I think really we have quite a few customers that have all of our capabilities. And that’s going to put some upward momentum to that number, and we expect to see that.
Burt Podbere: Yes, sure. So, definitely I think the momentum is continuing. I think, the overall strategy where we’ve got module expansion and then even on the bottom when we think about optimizing our cloud approach, which -- our hybrid cloud approach, this means using a public cloud provider, and [indiscernible] and then finally approach the refinement of our ability to smart filter, I think those few things continue to allow us to see momentum in the marketplace today. When I think about the strong guidance, again the guidance is based on things that I know today and not necessarily things that I know historically we have the benefit of running the table quarter-on-quarter. And I think it’d be prudent not to guide that way in the future because we just don’t know. But, the momentum that we’ve got clearly from the strategies that we have taken is showing in the marketplace and in the guidance that we just gave.
Burt Podbere: We're very proud of the fact that the new customers that are coming in are buying bundles out of the gate. So, the majority of our new customers are buying more than one, more than two of our modules, actually, the majority are buying three. And so, we're very proud of that. And we're continuing to delight our customers. And that gives us a chance -- those that are coming on three. And as you know, there's a lot of customers that come in with more than that. So, for us, as we think about bringing more modules to the marketplace, we would expect that to grow.
Burt Podbere: Yes. That’s right. And for us as excited as we are and we’ve been talking about the upsell into our customer base. We’re equally as excited to go after our new customers. And we are focused on going after both. We believe that we have a lot of headroom in both new logos, as well as upselling to our customer base. And we compensate our sales team the same for even one of those on sales. So, we’re excited to go after both of those.
Burt Podbere: Sure. So, we do have some seasonality. We do see dips in Q1 from Q4, but we generally tend to build from there. But as you think about your models, clearly look at our Q1 and run with that. That’s how we think about it.
