Neil Hunn: Yes, Dean, it's Neil. I'll take the second half of your question and give the first half to Rob. So scope is completely unchanged. The project continues, it's just slower, pushing a little bit as we discussed in the prepared remarks into next year. But yes, the scope is fully intact.
Neil Hunn: No, I don't think so at all. Take iTrade, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, I mean, that business is partially indexed to sort of the institutional food, and that's also partially indexed to retail. So institutional down, retail up, it just balances a little bit towards the negative. The renewal rates for the more institutional side have been fine. There's no -- they're not dropping off. Obviously, the contract sizes have gotten a little smaller, but the retention rates of the actual customers are the same. On Foundry, Foundry has had a good year. Recurring revenues are up. The EBITDA is up in that business. It's just there's the way that the flow of work happens in converting live production into post and to releasing content, either film or television. There was a fair amount of backlog being worked on in the first half of the year. Then there was this pause in 2Q of live action, came back on slowly in Q3. It's fully ramped up right now across the globe. That creates more content for post. And so there's a couple of quarters inside the middle of this year where the number of net new software sales to new customers paused or waned a bit, but the recurrence was high and we expect that to fully bounce back as the pipeline is filling back up with content.
Neil Hunn: I would say no. I mean, if you -- on the municipal side, the -- on TransCore, no, I mean, the bidding activity, the sort of the sales pipeline of the TransCore are quite good. There are a large number of projects that are sort of in the process of being awarded now. So that's a good leading indicator. The municipal budgets at Neptune are largely intact and then renewed and sort of dollars are being spent against them on that municipal side. So no, I mean, I think we feel pretty good about the spending -- the budgets that are out there to be spent across the municipal parts of our business.
Neil Hunn: So I’d characterize Sunquest -- hey, they've had just a great year. They're actually going to be up a little bit in EBITDA this year versus last year. Based on all the activities going on around COVID and a little bit of strength we're seeing in the diagnostic, the molecular part of their business, a new product offering and some public health offerings they have as well. That said, I think we still got -- I sort of view this year as a pause in the longer-term trend. I would expect that business to have faced a little bit, maybe a year or so, maybe it's hard to pinpoint it precisely, but call it a year to 2 of headwinds, then it will normalize, stabilize and get back into sort of maybe a low-single-digit organic growth sort of business.
Neil Hunn: It was going to be -- the bar is very high for those. It wouldn't surprise me. That said, if there was a little bit of bolt-on activity, but our principal focus here is to deleverage for the next year or so.
Neil Hunn: Yes, perpetual licenses or high-margin services is the lowest margin part of a software business and recurring revenue was quite high, as you know. Also, these -- not just us, pretty much every business on the planet, their cost structure is lower this year because of the COVID -- you just couldn't spend money on travel and customer meetings and things like that. So that became a natural offset to some of the perpetual headwinds.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I appreciate the question. It's such a small part of our business, we reported and talked about last quarter is the consumable piece was starting to pick up. That continued -- the strength of that continued through the quarter. We saw some pickup of the capital spending, particularly at our Struers business. I think the pace throughout the quarter was just improving a little bit sequentially through the quarter. I mean, it was pretty straightforward for us.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So we spent a little bit of time on this. We've got some -- we studied it with some advisers on this very question, Scott, is that a new competitor emerging for capital deployment. And our conclusion to that is no. And the reason is that a SPAC -- the seller is obviously doing a backdoor IPO. The seller is getting a percentage of their proceeds at closing, not the whole thing. And then you also -- there's other factors around the business dynamic and the leadership team and the ability for it to be a public company that investors have appetite for. And so principally, no. Could there be 1 or 2 on the fringe? Maybe, but it's not like a full-on competitor relative to our capital deployment. And by the way, SPACs have been around in big volume for the last 3 or 4 years, it's obviously increased a bit here. There'll be a lot of the SPAC money that doesn't get deployed or recycled. It's just because you raised, it doesn't mean that the deal is going to happen. And so it's not a totally new phenomenon. It's just catching some, obviously, mainstream media right now.
Neil Hunn: Well, I think it's that they started the journey to migrating to SaaS earlier than many of our other businesses. So they just got to the point where they have about 80% deployed in SaaS and a little over 90% recurring to their revenue stream. Where, for instance, Deltek is midstream in that conversion, going that way, by the way, I mean Deltek is 75% recurring, pushing to 80% this year, and it'll get -- fast forward 5 years, it'll look more like [Mike Deltek]. And then companies like CBORD, Aderant, PowerPlan are just beginning that migration. Again, all of this paced by our customers. Our customers decide when they're ready to go to the cloud and when the value and when the timing is right for them. And because of that pacing it elongates over multiple years. We don't run sort of any of this Adobe risk where you have the J-curve and go backwards before you go forward. And as we said many, many times, this is all a net growth driver for us as you migrate that, the maintenance part up to the cloud, you get an uplift on that. And then obviously, you're selling net new SaaS licenses which drive your recurring revenue base up. I think it's just that Vertafore started earlier in this process than some of our other companies. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. It's -- often -- it's a frequent question around elections for Deltek that goes back a lot of years, many elections. And what -- the short answer is, either administration, either way is fine for Deltek. The principal reason for that is these government subcontractors just gravitate towards the rapid or fast current government spending. And so for instance, with Obama, it was healthcare; if Biden wins, it’s infrastructure. They will just migrate. And so that where that spending is. There might be a few incremental sort of subcontractors -- government subcontractors that might show up in infrastructure, though it might be a little bit incrementally then special for Deltek but not a meaningful growth driver. The great thing about this business is it does well in almost any government spending environment because as you know government spending always increases.
Neil Hunn: Yes. And just a little more color on that. I mean, hospitals, like a lot of businesses, right, when things got economically really challenged and patient volumes were down quite a bit in Q2 and coming into Q3, hospitals may took dramatic cost actions on the operating side, but also basically froze all capital spending. And hospital budgets as they cycle back in next year, there'll be some level of capital spending, and that's likely going to be on things that are more akin to what we do. I mean, we're like mainstream procedure type things, not esoteric or sort of super high-technology that is super high dollar and sometimes questionable at the hospital level.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So a couple of things on ConstructConnect. The business has been -- the team there spent really 3 years building the software capability that's part of the workflow of both general contractors and subcontractors and building product manufacturers. It's no longer just a content business, essentially identifying leads for new projects, really working to drive habitualization of the software and the daily workflow of all the users. And so when you get into an environment like the one we're in, the environment opens up, meaning there's more people that are looking for work. So they come to ConstructConnect and buy the first product. The cross-sell into some of the workflow products, now we actually have the ability to do it, and we're seeing decent and better-than-decent attach rates at multiple products. And importantly, then we're seeing what we hope to see, which is the increase of the daily use. And so we think the long-term retention rates will be higher.  We think this is going to continue for quite some time. I mean, ConstructConnect services, sub-10% of the market and there's 90% of the market is unvended. And that market is the one that -- unvended market is the one that is coming to ConstructConnect in an environment like this.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So it's continuing, as Neil mentioned. And so there's now, we've got about $100 million for the project this year, right? So maybe that's down $10 million or so versus what we said last quarter.
Rob Crisci: Sure. So on cash flow, as I mentioned earlier, we feel great about where the conversion is year-to-date and Q4 is generally a high cash conversion quarter because of the annual billing of the software businesses. And the fact that we don't have -- most of the tax payments are usually in the first half of the year. So tax payments are less in the fourth quarter. On the seasonality. So yes, I think it's a good point. I mean, normally, if you go back historically, right, when Roper was more of the cyclical businesses, as a percent, you'd get the Q4 bump in what used to be our energy segment. So there's some of that. I think, sequentially, we still have -- it's just a very small part of Roper, what's happening this year, as Neil mentioned, is our medical product businesses, really specifically, Verathon had an enormous second and third quarter driven by the COVID surge. And so their fourth quarter versus the third quarter is down about $30 million of revenue. And they're still up quite a bit year-over-year. And we're hopeful that happens, right? If the COVID surge gets worse, then Verathon will sell more products, but we're hoping that doesn't happen. So that's what's all included in our guidance for Q4.
Rob Crisci: Yes. It’s really just project slowing, which is probably mostly due to COVID, right? It's just things are just taking longer to get going at TransCore for the most part.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So I think overall, recurring revenue, which right is maintenance plus subscription, as I think Neil mentioned earlier, was up mid-single digits. The license and the services piece is impacted by COVID, as we talked about all throughout the year. So there's some declines there, and that's what we get you to that. Basically, overall, the software businesses were in line, a tad better than we had coming in really since the pandemic began. I think overall, our software revenue is about 80% recurring, and that's the maintenance and the subscription piece, which continues to grow. Our retention rates continue to be very, very high. So it all bodes well for next year when the services and the perpetual stuff should start to come back.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So think of the deals is $0.45 to $0.50 to the second half. Some of that we got in Q3, about $0.12 and the rest in Q4. And then everything else is pretty much a wash. There's $0.04 or $0.05 from tax. There's the Verathon and TransCore sort of pushed to the right. And then quite frankly, a lot of investment that we're doing in the fourth quarter with businesses like Verathon, to continue to position ourselves well for next year. So think about the operational stuff as sort of washed in. So when you add the M&A, there’s the midpoint change.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So the other medical products businesses that aren't Verathon, right, have been down this year quite a bit. So really double-digits, and that's starting to moderate a little bit in the fourth quarter, whether they're going to be probably more flattish year-over-year. And then they would grow quite a bit coming out of that, right? These are the businesses, as Neil has mentioned, that grow mid-single-digit organically like clockwork literally going back 10 years. And so as you get more procedures happening, then those businesses become -- get back to normal and probably have some catch-up as well.
