Neil Hunn: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. This morning, I'll provide the highlights, of which there were several for the quarter. Rob will then discuss our P&L performance and balance sheet metrics and then turn it back to me to review our segment details, our increased outlook for the year and our concluding comments. As usual, we'll leave plenty of time to talk through all your questions towards the end. Next slide, please. As we turn to Page 5, we delivered an excellent second quarter with strength across all four of our segments. Specific to the financial metrics, which Rob will detail shortly, revenue, EBITDA, DEPS and cash flow all grew north of 20% in the quarter. Also during the quarter, we are encouraged to see the post-pandemic recovery gain momentum and broaden at the same time. Specifically, not only did we experience continued improvement across virtually all of our businesses, the strength within each business was broad. Our software businesses, which now make up over 55% of our revenue base, performed very well in the quarter. Specifically, on an organic basis, we grew our Application Software segment 9% and grew our software businesses within our NSS segment 10%. Across our software businesses, we saw the acceleration of our recurring revenue growth, approximately 80% of our software revenues, from mid singles to high singles and a solid recovery of perpetual license activity. Relative to our product businesses, a very similar pattern: acceleration and recovery of our consumables revenue sources and very nice ordering patterns for our capital equipment-type products. In addition, our 2020 acquisition cohort led by Vertafore is performing very well. Importantly and consistent with our guidance over the last three quarters, we continue to delever our balance sheet at a rapid pace, now under 4x debt to EBITDA. And finally, before handing things over to Rob, just a great first half to the year. Our teams have performed magnificently, thanks to each and every team member at Roper. Given the great start and the positive momentum across our enterprise, we are once again increasing our full year guidance. Rob, let me hand it over to you.
Neil Hunn: Yes. And again, just to echo what Rob said, the margin pressure there is just Verathon was amazing last year and they were deleveraged, as you expected, this year. In terms of the capacity there, the company is perfectly fine. I mean they ramped up last year in a way that was unprecedented. And as we look back and just we're sort of amazed at how that company operation was able to do that. I would also just highlight for Verathon, it was -- the demand there was a little bit driven by ventilators, but a lot a bit by the anesthesiologists and the people who do the intubations wanting to do it at an arm's length away for general surgery as opposed to when you do a direct intubation, you have to visualize the vocal cords right on top of the patient. Our product allows you to do it, if you monitor and be arm's length. And so it's less, the demand, it's less about the ventilators and more about just a better, more effective way to do an intubation, so much so that the total percentage of intubations done now versus 2018 or 2019, using video assistance, we believe, is permanently meaningfully higher. So it should be a long-term tailwind for the business.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So relative to the leverage of getting there, I mean, we -- essentially, when we did the larger transactions last year, we thought we'd be in strike zone or being back in the M&A business sort of late this year into early next year. And I think we're just on track. And I may be pacing a touch ahead, but cash flow has been amazingly strong in Q4, Q1 and Q2, which has certainly helped. Relative to the pipeline and the characterization of pipeline, it is just -- there's a lot of great things. But for my 10 years here, there's always been a lot of great things at any moment in time to buy. I would remind you and everybody that we do a lot of work well ahead of when assets are actually for sale. And I'll remind you that Vertafore, we met with Amy and the team 18 months before we ultimately bought the company. And so we do a lot of early spade work, understanding the businesses, understanding the management teams and tracking. And that's the activity we've done this year to sort of position us for late this year and into next year deploying capital.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I appreciate the question about Aderant, a business that we don't get a chance to talk about very much. And Deane and Chris and Raphael and the whole team there has just done really a remarkable job. I think the success here at Aderant is a combination of a great leadership team in a great market with a great product, but also complemented by our government system that focuses over success -- over a long arc of time. So the share gain from our principal competitor, as you mentioned, has been happening for essentially since we've owned the business. There is just a couple of years of inventory left in terms of those large law firms that have yet to make a decision on their enterprise system between us and our primary competitor, but that's been a known issue for three or four years now that inventory is going to run out in 2023, 2024. And so Aderant goes to work on their product offerings. They go to work on their cloud solutions. We've done a couple of bolt-on acquisitions in that business to where the -- if you will, the divot that existed in 2023 or 2024 relative to the growth rate four or five years ago. Now this no longer exists in any capacity, and we believe Aderant will grow -- easily grow through the divot because of the product portfolio, the cloud migration and really the long-term planning and execution of that team.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I think so, Allison. Let me tackle that sort of recurring and non-recurring broadly in Application Software. And if I don't exactly land in your question, then circle back to us on that. So the second half for organic recurring is strong, right? So the dynamic there is that in the middle of COVID, recurring was more, generally speaking, across our enterprise, mid singles, it's ticking up to high singles. The reason for that is twofold. One is that you have more additions, product and customer additions today, both perpetual and SaaS related that drives recurring. But then also, you have our software businesses that were most negatively impacted by COVID now being coming out of the ditch. Think of like in Application Software, think of CBORD for instance. So not only did they have good bookings performance in the quarter, but they saw a bit of a tick up in their transactional revenue stream in Q2. And that will continue even more in Q3 and Q4 as kids get more on campuses and K-12 and higher education.
Neil Hunn: So in Neptune, we're returning to normal. So I think this -- we believe that 2021 revenue will be equal to ish 2019, maybe a touch higher. So in terms of actual activities, June for Neptune, I believe, was their highest bookings month in the history of the company. The guys are nodding their heads. So the actual current momentum is great. I don't think we expect that to sustain itself for the balance of the year, just get more normalized as the Northeast is open. Canada is not open quite yet, we expect it to come online here in 3Q, in 4Q, but that gives you a sense of what's happening at Neptune.
Neil Hunn: Okay. So let's take the software recurring question. Other than what I just mentioned about the shorter-term dynamics of mid singles going to high singles on the recurring revenue base, the structural element that's underpinning this is migration to the cloud. So you think we have -- our network businesses are almost all cloud as it speaks today delivered in that manner. The application businesses, you have Deltek, it's on its journey. You have Aderant, it's just starting its journey. You have PowerPlan, it's just starting its journey. At CBORD, it's just starting its journey. And we mentioned many times, it's our customers that are pacing this activity, not us. So this will take 5, 10 years to complete the migration, maybe longer. But as you do that, you're lifting customers that are paying you maintenance and getting them into the cloud are large installed base, and that's accretive, meaningfully accretive to the recurring revenue growth rate. Relative to Vertafore, I appreciate the question. Vertafore is just a rock-solid business. As we mentioned, when we bought it, it's 90-plus percent recurring in terms of its revenue stream. It's on track for -- against our models and our deal -- models and sort of our expectations. Q2 was a touch better than we thought. But all in all, I'll call it on track relative to financial performance. Specific to the company itself, Amy and her team, they've demonstrated a wonderful ability to land new large customers. I think we mentioned in Q4 of last year, maybe Q1, we've won the largest deal in the market since we've owned the company which is encouraging. The customer base really appreciates the steady hand of ownership of Roper as opposed to trading every 3 to 5 years of private equity. And so it's still early, but the early days are certainly positive.
Neil Hunn: So we haven't -- while we've been in the market and talking with companies, we haven't been actively bidding on a large number of assets in this interim period as we've been deleveraging. So I can't speak with specificity to deals that we've done. But what I can speak to is what we're observing from other companies and other transactions that are happening. Here in the last quarter, certainly -- I won't time bound it. Since the beginning of the year, valuations for the assets that we looked at actually feel like they pulled back a touch. They've actually gotten a little bit better. Maybe moderate, maybe they're flat, maybe they're a little bit better, but they're certainly not increasing, which seems to be the case really since 2013 or '14. So that maybe that bodes well. But we'll be able to speak more to that as we get more into the market and start bidding on activity here late this year into next year.
Neil Hunn: Well, first, I'd say I wouldn't characterize this as a regulatory problem. I would characterize it as a regulatory process that has slowed down the project. And so it's not as though people are saying, no, it's just a process that takes time. We all believe, by the way, the federal approval will occur. At the end of the day, it's an environmental approval, and this is about reducing cars and congestion and pollution in New York, right? So it is an environmental-friendly exercise. I think this is just the first in the United States. I think MTA in New York are sort of carving out what this looks like and sort of setting an expectation for the other cities in the U.S. that will eventually follow suit. So no, I don't think it will slow things now. If anything, it might speed it up because I know the road bumps are sort of well understood now.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So I need to talk about CBORD. They had a great quarter. The bookings activity in the quarter was just fantastic. The vast majority of the bookings activity in the quarter was in higher education. So you see these universities really preparing to ramp up. It's a combination of integrated security platforms and the payments platform. And as you know, we have integration with the iPhone now for access to the campuses. And so they're certainly preparing, and it was just a great bookings quarter on that front for CBORD.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I appreciate the question. You're right. It's a wonderful business and a wonderful space that enjoys a 3 to 4x relative market share advantage to our principal competitor. So we have tremendous scale advantage in this Freight Match spot market for freight in North America. It is a marketplace. It's a 2-sided network. It's paid by both the carriers and the brokers. There's value on both sides of the equation for sure. The big thing that's happening in the space is the brokers are becoming more tech-enabled, right? So how do you match and connect shipments with fewer and fewer calls and sort of complete automation straight through? A dynamic that's very similar to our business in the life insurance, very similar to Vertafore, conceptually. How do you tech-enable the agencies to do their job? And that's precisely the product road map that DAT is endeavoring, right? So you'll have the high end of folks that are going to do a lot of this on their own. And then you have the very long tail of thousands and thousands brokers that are going to run on our technology to do that. It's part of the reason why the strength is in the market today. It strengthened the business today. It's also what we believe will happen when you can organize the spot market in a more efficient way with less friction cost to match a load, then the spot market will compete very favorably against the contracted market, which is much larger. So we believe there'll be a permanent market share shift into the spot market which will further benefit our business, the brokers, et cetera. So it's -- we're very bullish on this for the long term.
Neil Hunn: Well, we -- I mean, we did an acquisition last year that works with the shippers to understand volumes and rates and pricing. And we have an integrated offering now that shares sort of -- that provides pricing between the contracted market and the spot market. So we have an increasing relationship with the shippers. But the brokers provide a high and legitimate value in this value chain, right? So I think there will always be shipper -- principally shipper to broker to carrier relationship, it's just going to be a more automated and seamless relationship.
Rob Crisci: Hey, thanks, Neil, and congrats again on the Lightning winning the Stanley Cup. Turning to Page 6, looking at some of the key financial highlights for Q2. Total revenue increased 22% to $1.59 billion, another record for any Roper quarter. Q2 organic revenue growth was 7% versus last year's comp of minus 3%. All four segments performed well, with strong organic growth across our portfolio of software and product businesses. Q2 EBITDA grew 26% to $579 million, and EBITDA margin increased 110 basis points to 36.4%. Adjusted DEPS was $3.76, 28% above prior year and also above our Q2 guidance range of $3.61 to $3.65. Free cash flow was $409 million, up a very strong 30% versus last year. As a reminder, last year, we adjusted our Q2 cash flow to account for the income tax payments that were deferred from Q2 to Q3 due to 2020 delayed tax deadlines. Net working capital was negative 8%. We continue to benefit from Roper's transformation to a high recurring revenue, majority software business model that is structurally designed to consistently drive high cash conversion. Lastly, we have been laser-focused on debt reduction this year after last year's record capital deployment, and we continue to make great progress on that front with an additional $375 million paid down in Q2. So in summary, an excellent second quarter, wrapping up a very strong first half for Roper. Next slide. Turning to Page 7, an update to the charge we introduced last quarter showing our rapid deleveraging. Through the first half of 2021, we have now reduced our net debt by nearly $900 million, raising the total debt reduction to approximately $1.4 billion since completing the 2020 acquisition late last year. Our debt reduction, along with the meaningful contributions from our 2020 acquisitions, has enabled us to rapidly lower our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, from 4.7 to 3.8 in only six months. We expect this downward trend in leverage ratios to continue moving forward, which positions us well for a return to meaningful capital deployment in the coming quarters. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Neil to discuss our segment performance.
Rob Crisci: Yes, sure. Good morning, Deane. Yes, on margins, really, it's driven by Verathon and just that exceptional quarter last year. And so with the decline this year, a little bit lower. There's certainly some supply chain things going on everywhere like every other company, not really a meaningful impact for us. And I'll let Neil talk about the Verathon question.
Rob Crisci: Not really. I think we laid out each of the segments and what we see for organic for the second half. It's really great results we're expecting. And Q3 and Q4, relatively similar margin dynamics. The leverage, as you know, as the businesses start to grow, especially the industrial and the processing, is always very strong on the rebound. And then the software businesses are always strong no matter where you are in any sort of a cycle. So we feel really good about the second half.
Rob Crisci: And I'll just add to that, as you talk about MAS, you also have the medical products businesses that aren't Verathon, right, that were impacted negatively throughout COVID. Those are now really rebounding very strongly, and that's just beginning as we're getting to sort of more normalized world in the medical world outside of the Verathon issue.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So in our guide, we're assuming a little bit lower than that because you still had Verathon very, very strong in the third quarter and then fourth quarter was more normalized. So we have built in the guidance a little bit down from last year, but better than Q2 from a year-over-year fee standpoint.
Rob Crisci: Steve, there's a ton of seasonality. So Vertafore's Q1 is usually season of the best quarter. But you're right, it's just a few million dollars difference. And then the EPSi acquisition -- or integration with Strata is ongoing. So that's going very, very well. I think there are some customers that are choosing to go with Strata instead of EPSi, which is a wonderful thing as that thing is coming together. And so that, again, could give a couple of million dollars of revenue here and there that ends up in Strata versus EPSi. But overall, both of the deals are on track to our model, as Neil mentioned.
Rob Crisci: Sure. Yes. So as you know, the second quarter has 2 federal tax payments. So it's always our lowest conversion quarter. Now as we talked about, there is the benefit from the Vertafore tax attribute which we've -- which helped us in the second quarter against the payroll tax headwind which we talked about last quarter. So if you net those 2 together, probably a $40 million benefit for the second quarter. And then for the second half of the year though, those things really cancel each other out. So there's really no benefit from that for the second half of the year or any sort of a headwind. So as you move forward, Q3 and Q4 conversion should be pretty normal to what we normally see, which is 80% plus when you look at EBITDA to free cash flow.
Rob Crisci: Yes. I think 80% EBITDA to free cash flow conversion in the second half is kind of what we're expecting, and you can do the math.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So we had about $35 million in the first half, and we're assuming about 25% in the second half and it's relatively split between Q3 and Q4. And the project continues, it's just sort of everything is slowing down. So we're continuing to work, and that's what -- if they can turn the switch tomorrow and that could speed up, but that's what we're assuming from a modeling standpoint.
