Jason Conley: Hey, good morning, Julian. It's Jason. So yes, I mean, I think we had the strong performance across a lot of the businesses. I think the -- by the one standout is our ConstructConnect business. We acquired a bolt-on that we closed last year and we're seeing -- realizing the benefits from that deal. And then like I said, beyond that, it's just across the segment.
Jason Conley: No, I think that's right. And any sort of content type business, we've always steered away from, and I think this is just accentuates that with the advent of AI and Generative AI.
Jason Conley: Yes. So this is Jason. I think it's a pretty consistent cadence in terms of the quarters. What I would say is the outperformance in Q3 was really across the board. We had -- Neptune continues to execute really well in their backlog. Their daily sales are up over their plan. Health care is doing really well in terms of procedures. So just executing on a kind of book-and-ship basis there. And then our -- some of our [Technical Difficulty] product businesses had some backlog that finally got cleared. So that really drove the Q3. And then the second-half, like I said, organic growth should be fairly consistent. It's just what we had last year. We had a lot of backlog clear in the third quarter that with very high-margin products. So that's sort of the comp issue that we're lapping in the third quarter.
Jason Conley: Yes, I mean, I would say. Yes, [Multiple Speakers] are down dramatically year-over-year. And so there's just a lot of assets that, at some point, need to go. And it's been 1.5 years now, so we think it's getting closer.
Jason Conley: Yes. I mean, Shannon has pointed out, maybe there's a little bit around government contracting, as I mentioned earlier, on the debt ceiling. It's not a macro point per se, but that's not clear at Deltek.
Neil Hunn: And relative to your second question, second-half for DAT & Loadlink, our freight match businesses. We continue to be cautious there and conservative. We've been held that posture the whole year. DAT performed very well in the quarter, it grew high-single-digits. The broker part of the business and the data analytics part of the business remains super solid, high retention rates. But as we all know, the carrier side of the market, the excess carriers are trading out of the market and that has a weighing effect on DAT. So we've modeled that in all year long and it's playing out generally in line with what we thought here in Sarasota, maybe a touch better, but we'll just stay in line with Sarasota's expectations. And relative to the second-half for DAT, the big wildcard is what happens with Yellow and [EPSI] (ph). I mean, so we'll see what happens there could be a pickup for the spot market, if something were to turn negative on either one or both of those.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I would characterize it. Our software businesses are playing out -- about as we expected coming into the year, right, expecting a little bit of a slowdown. So you see delayed decision making that has pushes out net new sales, but it also has the impact of having higher gross retention, because decisions are being deferred. And then also just the amount of expansion activities that we have activity we have with our customers is a little bit less, as our customers are just more cautious as they look forward. So that's playing out about as we expected. It's not acute and any one of our businesses is just sprinkled across the universe of our portfolio. Relative to TEP, I mean, it was just fantastic. We had a lot of demand in the medical businesses remains very strong especially at Verathon and CIVCO, a lot of supply chain clear up in the first-half, especially in the second quarter. And we called out very rarely do we call out the three small businesses that we did on the slide, but they had just terrific supply chain sort of performance and operational performance in the quarter.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I think there's definitely and demonstrably benefits for getting our leaders together unequivocally. It's going to be more in sharing best practices, sharing leadership philosophy, sharing failures and what they learn from the failure. It's going to be more about how do you lead, how do you manage, how do you inspire teams for terrific performance it's going to be less on connection with the product teams, because most of our businesses are in independent and disconnected markets and swim lanes. So if there's something that makes sense, we'll certainly do it. If it doesn't make sense, we won't. The good news about this particular iPipeline and Vertafore is it happened organically between the businesses without any push from the center. So you know that's authentic and it's going to drive value for our customers.
Neil Hunn: No, no. I think there's definitely monetization that could happen. It will happen over time. There's no silver bullet in the short run. We play the long game, build for long-term customer value of relationships. But there's just massive amounts of value that can be created by doing things with both computation on generative AI. And our relationship with our customers are such that we're, at least for the last 20-years, we're able to capture our fair share of the value that's created. So I don't know why that would be any different going forward. And then as we all know, there's a tremendous amount of value or productivity to capture inside the four walls of our businesses using Generative AI as well.
Neil Hunn: No, that's very, very bespoke to IntelliTrans. I mean there's not an enterprise-wide strategy to do anything like that nor would we -- if there was, we wouldn't push it down. It's anathetical to what Roper is about. So it's very bespoke to IntelliTrans. Gold star for asking IntelliTrans question, by the way.
Neil Hunn: So we'll call that two questions, 50 degrees. But the Deltek demand, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, our performance was solid across both government contracting and private sector. We are encouraged by the pipeline build in the quarter for Q4 and early ‘24 in government contracting. There definitely was a little bit of a lull or an air pocket in government contracting relative to the debt ceiling. And so it was nice to see activity get back to normalize or maybe slightly better than normalized activities relative to early pipeline build, so that was encouraging to see. You've got to see how that plays out, for sure. Replicon, you know, we really like this bolt-on. As we said, it's the largest bolt-on we've done at $450 million, $370 million net of the tax benefit. It's time entry without attachment to an ERP. So time only is a highly demanded solution in the PS world. It is not sold today in government contracting. And so we have not underwritten into a revenue synergy opportunity. That's not part of the $70 million or the $2 million that we talked about. But it is certainly the expectation over time is to get Deltek takes this product in other core market of government contracting.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So it's been an interesting 90-days. So we continue to be active. Our pipeline still skews more towards bolt-ons for sure. More broadly in the market over the last 90-days, we are encouraged by the fact that there are a couple of sizable deals private that did not happen, because the buyer universe rejected the seller's expectation on value. And so we view that as in the deal ultimately did not consummate. So we view that as actually an encouraging sign around as an early indicator that valuations are going to pull in to being a more normalized with cost of capital. So we're encouraged by that. But still, our pipeline leans into the bolt-on opportunities.
Neil Hunn: Sure. So foundry, for those that aren't familiar with it, it's a business and media entertainment, that's used in post-production for a process called compositing, where you take a live action image and a computer-generated image and push them together in the single scenes. So think Game of Thrones, pretty much every seen in Game of Thrones was used as composite with foundry software as is almost any high-end production or streaming series. So as it turns out, I think this is the first time since 1960. We've had both a writer's trike and an actor's strike concurrently. So the current production of content is ceased. There is still a very active pipeline of things in post. And so it has no impact currently on foundry. The current expectation is the strikes will be resolved this year. And if that's the case, then there'll be very little impact foundry next year as they'll be back in production and sort of catch up. If it extends beyond this year, then yes, foundry will likely be negatively impacted to some extent next year. So that's just a lot of item for us. And your second question, Foundry this year commenced the transition to a subscription pricing model for their core product of Nuke. So this year, there are -- you can buy it either as a license or a subscription. As we mentioned, about 60%, north of 60% of the new units were sold on a subscription basis this year. So it's a nice transition ahead of our plan. ARR is growing double digits. And then beginning next year, it will be 100% subscription opportunity to buy in the license format. So going a little bit better than planned.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So we mentioned before, Frontline is a new dynamic, right, for Roper, where all of their renewals happen in the third quarter. So we're already tracking really strong just month-to-date, if you will, for the renewals there. And they actually consumed cash in the first-half, just to give you a perspective on that. I mean also, I think we historically have very strong second-half seasonality. So that, plus just some of the -- I think some of the timing of working capital in the second quarter points to a much better second-half. First-half, we usually -- we pay out incentive. We had -- this year, we had that legal settlement. So that points to sort of that seasonal change for this year. And so we're still on track to deliver north of 30% of free cash flow to revenue. And then you asked about the trends on. So if we kind of look at enterprise software bookings, and it was up sequentially a bit and up year-over-year. Not quite as strong as the first quarter, maybe like low-singles in area, which is about in line with what we had. It's obviously embedded in sort of our slowdown for the second-half for new activity.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So Playbook, I would say, no, accelerated education across multiple fronts, yes. So what is it? What's are the possible? What are the risks? What are the IP ownership issues? What is how do you get productivity with -- in R&D, how do you get marketing lead productivity, marketing content productivity, customer service productivity. We're doing a series of teach-ins and learnings that is highly subscribed by our businesses. And so that's how we're sort of accelerating the learning across the enterprise.
Neil Hunn: I mean it's going to be lower. I'm not sure if I point to a specific margin for every year. But we do make 2 federal tax payments. So that obviously just drags on the second quarter. But so it's always going to be lower than the full year. So that's how I would model it.
Neil Hunn: That might be hard. We might have to -- I mean mid-single-digit growth is normal for that segment. And then we got to parse how much might be strength at Verathon and SIFCO that might be a little bit recurring on top of that, but then the balance may be -- the balance would be the supply chain sort of pull and a release.
