Robert Crisci: Hi Deane, good morning. Yes, so it was right in line with our model on EBITDA. We actually were a little bit above our internal guidance model on EBITDA for the segment. We were a little light on revenue - I think we guided to low single digits and it came in minus-1, just because of the difficult MTA comp versus last year and timing on some of the TransCore projects. But it really was in line with our model, so I think, not to speak for the analysts, but it seems like the analysts may have missed the fact that we did have this $35 million or so of revenue last year, and it seems like people weren’t taking that into account when they were doing their RF estimate for Q4. So from our perspective, in line, and more importantly really exceeded in terms of cash flow. The cash flow performance in the quarter was better than we expected, again driven by the new acquisitions, Deltek and ConstructConnect, and really good performance there. So from our viewpoint, it was a solid quarter in RF.
Robert Crisci: Yes, sure. So like every other company out there, there was a lot of work done, and I commend our tax department - they’ve been working long hours all the month of January to really get all this work done in time for the earnings call and, of course, the 10-K coming up. So yes, I think as Brian mentioned, we’re probably--we had to give a point estimate, it’s probably around 22% is our long-term, right? We wanted to give a range because there are some moving parts, and so it’s always difficult when you’re under a new law here to make sure you get everything ironed out, but I think that we’re pretty comfortable with that 22% number over the long term. As far as Q1, there are some discrete items, particularly around the deductions for compensation that would drive Q1 a little lower, as Brian mentioned probably a little under 20%. But you know, on a full-year long term, certainly if you want to put 22 in the model, it’s probably a fine number.
Robert Crisci: Yes, so I would say long term, excellent year in 2017. If I had to give you a 2018, we’d probably be 120% conversation on OCF, maybe 115% on free cash flow is sort of a framework. I think the 2017 performance was exceptional and we might be able to do that again, but we’ll certainly always be running at 120% OCF conversion to the new adjusted net earnings, so I’m always trying to clarify. We don’t really report cash EPS, we reported adjusted EPS, and our cash is quite a bit higher than that.
Robert Crisci: I would just add, even with the camera technology, you still need that tag. I mean, that’s the whole point, is the tag allows the agency to properly collect the funds from the user. The camera is just a back-up, and so you’re always going to have the tag.
Robert Crisci: Yes, so those are good margin products. Their shipments are skewed towards Q2 and Q3, so in Q1 the margin performance of the medical segment is going to be lower than on a full-year basis, so it will be down more than 100 basis points because we’re not yet getting the shipments. Also, a lot of the start-up costs around Australia are hitting in the first quarter, so once you get into Q2, Q3, I would say the margins are not--it’s probably in line with the segment, it’s not really a big headwind with the mix. 
Robert Crisci: Yes, thanks for asking. We are of course adopting that this year, but the impact is less than we probably would have originally estimated before we did all the work. It will be a $15 million or so impact to deferred revenue on the balance sheet as of January 1 of this year, but then the revenue recognized under the new standard will actually make up that number during ’18, so on a net basis we don’t see it having any impact to our earnings, so it’s going to be something that will of course flow through our GAAP earnings but not something that we feel necessary to call out for any sort of an adjustment, because there really isn’t going to be much of a net impact. But that’s the reason [indiscernible] going through every single one of our companies. Revenue recognition is really a project that’s been going on here the last six months-plus, led by Jason Conley and the accounting department, so we feel very good about that . 
Brian Jellison: I just want to reassert that Deltek and ConstructConnect outperformed in the fourth quarter versus our model. It solely centers on the intelligent traffic system side of project management at TransCore.
Brian Jellison: I’ll give him a second to respond, but the thing is that most of the businesses report to either Neil or myself, so if you look at the way we’re structured in RF, one of our key leaders is Tracy Marks that’s over the ITS business. Another really key leader is Mike Corkery, who is over Deltek. It’s our largest business. If you put the two largest revenue businesses really are the TransCore piece and the Deltek piece, they have, as you might guess, absolutely nothing to do with each other, so we have got this segment and there is a whole lot of other things that are a products piece, some of those report to Paul Soni, others report to Claude Pumilia, and what we’ve found over the last year is we’ve done some pretty significant talent upgrades, because as we’re interviewing people, shockingly most people would like to know who they’re going to report to and which businesses they have responsibility for, and we would be embarrassed if--you know, when we try to explain how the labyrinth works. So I’d like to have some time here with Neil looking at how I’ve kind of viewed the company since 2016. You know, we have products that are divided really into a couple of large categories, and those subcategories are precision technology, fluid handling, medical products and RF products. On the other side, we have our software businesses, and they really have kind of four subcategories. You have our healthcare software business, you have our alternate site business, you have our application software business, and you have our project management business. We’ve tried to maintain the same segment reporting for probably a little longer than we should. This won’t really have an effect on how the 50 P&Ls in the company work, but it will have an effect on how Neil and I are looking at forward structure and long-term executive leadership positions.  So inside that, then, it’s all yours.
Brian Jellison: Who knows, three to five years? I think--I have an obligation to notify the board two years in advance, and I haven’t done it, so this is not about succession. What this is, is an opportunity for Neil, who’s worked at a yeoman way with everybody on our strategic planning process, where he and I just spend much more time together as we’re developing what we’re doing, so I used to--I think we were, like, 78, and I think the board was recently upping the retirement age to 80, so I’ll be here for some time. I expect to be here during the deployment of the next $7 billion - I’ll leave it at that.
Brian Jellison: Well, we’ve talked about that, not at great--the company is not going to break up, period, end of discussion. We might divest some things or we might spin some minor thing. Actually, what’s happened is tax reform makes portfolio adjustment way more attractive when you think about divestments, so as you know, these businesses have been around forever so they have almost no tax basis, so whatever you sell them for, if you’re paying 35%, it’s just hopeless; but if you’re only paying 21%, it might be a little less hopeless depending on what you’re using with the cash you get out of that business. So there’s probably a little--I’d say there’s a modest uptick in our willingness to divest something than we would have had three years ago and further. Most all of our businesses, if they aren’t software related, they still have firmware in their products and they’re communicating. There are only a small number of our businesses that are not like that, and so--but we will take a hard look at those businesses and what’s the optimum use of them. 
Brian Jellison: Well, the technology is not the driving force there. The driving force is that you have, say, 20 or 25% of your cash that you’re generating each year is offshore, and you can’t repatriate it without a big penalty. Instead of having 100% of your cash flow generation being able to go to deployment activity, you only have 75%. So now we have 100% and we’re not constrained. A lot of the software niches that we buy are U.S.-centric businesses as opposed to global businesses, and so having 100% of your cash available to deploy on those U.S. niche businesses is very likely to lead to us buying more U.S. niche businesses that will get hooked up with Deltek and ConstructConnect and Aderant. That’s the reason we’re sort of raising what we expect to deploy on capital.  Now you know, it could be the next acquisition we announce will be a German company, but we’re live on four things now and they’re all software-related, and most of them are U.S.-centric. 
Brian Jellison: No. The bolt-ons in the business are performing outstandingly well. Those are all double-digit growers, they’re doing exceptionally well. It’s just that the U.S. lab business is in a unique couple of year situation where people are rolling out their ERP that they have acquired over the last X-years, so you went through a period of artificial stimulation with meaningful use at the beginning when we acquired Sunquest. We knew that - that wasn’t a surprise for us, and as that disappeared, what replaced it was the rollout of various ERP projects in which Sunquest was oftentimes the niche lab provider but isn’t going to get renewed at some point in time when that ERP is put in place. That process started to hurt us two years ago and hurt us a little more last year, not going to be helpful this year or next. We already know who all those are, so we expect to [indiscernible] 5 or 6% of our install base to the ERP people. That will stop, and then I think we’ll not only continue to have some sort of modest single-digit growth but we’re likely to start selling and replacing some of the people who tried cumbersome ERP systems that are not good for the laboratory.  So we’re going to go through this period where the CFO is winning at the expense of the laboratory guy, but at the end of the day, the cost to the hospital we think is minimized with our technology.
Brian Jellison: Well you know, the tags are relatively high margin compared to any of the project work, but all the other technology, we still lead in all the other technology, so if you’re looking at readers and cameras, we actually use our Luminara brand cameras for a whole bunch of the things you’re talking about, and those businesses all have decent margins. It’s just that as the project business continues to grow, and it’s growing at the expense of other public companies that I really shouldn’t name, and all you have to do is read about their total malaise, but the margins associated with our project business are the worst we have. They’re best in class for TransCore - their results are spectacular, but for us they’re a drag on our margins. I don’t think that’s going to change anytime soon.
Brian Jellison: Absolutely some of the ones are license plate drive, but it’s still our collection technology, and oftentimes it’s our collection administration -you know, somebody gets a call for a bill payment, it’s actually our admin people masquerading as whatever the tolling authority in the area is. That’s the big administrative business we’re talking about, which continues to grow at the expense of others but is a little less exciting for us. Its growth will always diminish our gross margins. 
Brian Jellison: Yes, the medical segment margins are going to be 41 to 42% EBITDA, for heaven’s sake. They’re still going to be the highest in the company.
Brian Jellison: The enterprise probably comes in in the 30%-plus leverage category with medical’s leverage being less and then industrial and energy, you’d expect 40% leverage plus in those. In RF, it’s kind of a--I mean, it will have high leverage, it’s just what the revenue is, is tough to pick because of TransCore, so probably more like 35 in RF.
Brian Jellison: It’s not inconceivable. I mean, we’re looking at one, sort of a--to the degree we ever did one, we’re involved with one that’s pretty attractive. I don’t know that we’d get home on it, but if it was less around a mechanical product--I’d say we wouldn’t do it with a mechanical product. It would have to be something that had an algorithm associated with data collection, and there are an increasing number of those. So yes, I wouldn’t rule it out, it’s just unfortunately, Jeff, most of those come with more asset intensity than we like because--you know, if the need a factory as opposed to an assembly operation, then we probably wouldn’t do it.
Brian Jellison: It’s a lot of people things, you know? We’ve got a lot of--we have spectacular people. The recent addition of--you know, you look at Aderant, we’ve got a terrific lady that’s running that, Deane Price. We’ve got Mike Corkery has terrific capacity - I’m sure he could be running our company. You’ve got Dave Conway, a lot of capacity, so it’s really a whole lot of it is around where are we investing in human capital.
Neil Hunn: Yes, the only thing I would add, Deane, is this is about how we organize ourselves, not how we operate the businesses. I’d just leave it there and look forward to unveiling more of that as Brian and I work through it in the next few quarters. 
Neil Hunn: The only thing I’d add is this business has been built over a long time with a system that’s about the niche orientation, the resource allocation decisions being made at the field, the field operators being held accountable to results, and I don’t see any of that changing for a very, very long time, if ever. I mean, it works for us and it will continue to work.
Neil Hunn: Of the acute care software grouping, it’s maybe 40% international, 60% U.S. The way that we think about the investment, as we’ve talked a couple times on this call, there is an investment in 2018 in the start-up in Queensland in Australia, so we’ve talked about that. In the U.S. market, it’s less about incremental new investments - we feel we have the right amount of R&D. It’s more about how you orient that and program the R&D dollars for the new products, and also how we--we have changed the way we attack the U.S. channel. We’ve realigned people, we’ve realigned the way they’re going to the market, we’ve added a few new managers in the business to think about that. So it’s more about reorienting what we’re doing in the U.S., so it’s not about incremental new investment there. 
Neil Hunn: There is in the medical products group, there is a fair amount of--there is a little bit of product investment year-over-year and there is a fair amount of channel investment across three or four of our businesses there that’s occurring in 2018. That’s a discrete item there.
