Brian Jellison: Well, it was up double digits in the quarter on the revenue side and up like 40% on the profit, maybe a little more, very high leverage. Orders continue to be pretty strong for that business. One of the reasons we had everybody together in all the product businesses last week was to sort of make sure we're ahead of what's going to happen for the balance of the year and next year and beyond, make sure we're smart about looking at – we kind of look at the whole product family as being responsive to the customers pulling stuff other than us pushing stuff to them. So we're kind of big process review, talking about cost push inflation, capacity utilization, risk of supplier interruptions, material cost escalations, and those kinds of things. I think that the broker enjoys a unique position if you got an expansion of fracking. And they could be up sharply. But you're right that they were off so much. We tried a couple of years ago to articulate the mix between upstream, midstream and downstream by taking apart a wide variety of businesses when we kind of. But it's almost better to just say here's the six or seven businesses that are primarily in that area. Roper Pump gets reported in industrial and really is an energy asset. I mean it could be up 40% this year, but it's very nice incrementally, but it's not – won't be overly meaningful. I mean, that's a business that used to be $100 million, it went down to $40 million. And it was up 30%, it will be a $52 million business so half of what it was in 2014 but a dramatic improvement.
Brian Jellison: Yes. I think the quantification would be more in terms of forward growth rates, so maybe mid-single digits and high single digits. I'll ask Neil to talk a little bit about what they see in terms of professional services with these new launches of products and a little bit around the GovCon opportunity.
Brian Jellison: Okay, that's good. So maybe we're going to think we've got another 1 point, or 1.5 points, 2 points of organic down the road of what we thought when we bought it.
Brian Jellison: Well, I'm happy to do that if I were [indiscernible]. So actually, I'm not concerned about the succession at all. I think it's wonderful. I'm not a modest owner of the stock, so I've never sold a share of stock in my life since I arrived here, so it's finally accumulated to a meaningful number. I had to get rid of options because they expire in 10 years and so as that would take the crap out of me, but anyway, it is what it is. The opportunity for us adding capital value to the enterprise is the best it's ever been in our history. The company is going kind of through its second phase of reinvention. We had a marvelous run after Neptune and TransCore. And now, we're going to have the same situation again. The things that we can deploy capital to acquire are phenomenal opportunities, much better than what we were limited to, say, 10 years ago. So all that feel is really good. I think you can see from all of the new executive moves are from internal people. I think the board and myself, would be extremely disappointed if we didn't have an internal successor, but virtually everybody was here. We went outside a year ago to bring in a General Counsel because we wanted some specific knowledge about business acuity that we thought needed to come from an outside source. But other than that, I don't see why we would need to bring outside people, but we very much value the culture and the connectivity of everything we do. On our values page, the number 1 thing we have up there is we believe that cash return on investment drives shareholder value. And we're not too interested in somebody coming in with a different paradigm that thinks that businesses trade on some other foundation because they do not. They trade on cash return. It's an ingrained principle. It's – every part of our governance process is really characterized around that. When we had our strategic meeting with our product people last week, and we showed them everything that had happened numerically from 2011 by year through 2016 and what their vitality index of strategies looked like through 2019. I just don't think people do that. And we do that in spades, and we do it with numbers, so that people can go away from here and execute. So those are strong reasons why the board would be very much interested in assuring that we have put in place all the leadership succession processes that we need to have everybody immediately available to take over all the roles.
Brian Jellison: Well, it really hasn't changed at all. You have the same forces of work. So you have the product nature of the company, the old energy and the industrial base businesses have very low tax bases. So as long as it's a 35%-plus leakage on whatever you get, people would have to pay a huge premium for us to get a net yield that was re-investable at the kind of rate we'd like to have. So we think the market reasonably understands what the portfolio looks like. There's certainly people have been – have approached us throughout the last couple of years with various reverse Morris trust concepts around some portions of the portfolio. We've talked about that sort of openly and the challenge is that people that approach us are guys that have 38% gross margins and 18% EBITDA. And you look at these businesses that have gross margins of 51% and 57%, and EBITDA margins at 30%, they marvel at them, and they can't figure out where are their synergies. Now the reason they can't is there aren't any. It would be – you need to acquire them and drive them on a CRI perspective, and we're not doing that. So our rate of reinvestment will continue to be driven around the kind of asset-light businesses and cash returns that you get out of the software businesses that we've been acquiring. So those core product businesses simply are going to grow at a faster organic rate for a couple of years. They'll throw off more cash. That gives us an opportunity to invest that in very high return and slightly better growth businesses. So I don't think anything's changed in that respect.
Brian Jellison: Well, with – the nature of the word and whether it's a verb or not is important. So we wouldn't force leverage putting 2 world-class businesses that developed independently together. But we're more than happy to facilitate the opportunity for the 2 businesses to look at how they can use each other customers to basically drive access to channel a customer that they wouldn't have if they weren't owned by the same company. Deltek and ConstructConnect each have massive goodwill in terms of how customers feel about them. So it is infinitely easier for a Deltek contact to a ConstructConnect customer knowing that it's part of that family. The receptivity is higher and the same thing is true, so sharing that customer opportunity is a big deal. And we allow cooperation and then kind of let the businesses – really, Corkery and Conway, they're CEOs of their businesses. And that's true of all these large businesses, with Hawkins the CEO of Acute Care and Sicilian's the CEO of Alternate Site. So we'll let Neil maybe tell you about how these early meetings have been so fruitful.
Brian Jellison: Well, these things generally will have a stronger second quarter and fourth quarter on a seasonality basis. But when you're bouncing back from a situation that's artificially low, you could get sequential improvement all the time. We certainly will have sequential improvement second quarter over the first. So Rob, you may want to...
Brian Jellison: No, I think we just think that moving up from 3% organic to 4% is a 33% increase, right? So 4% to 5% organic is pretty strong for the enterprise. I think we'll have the one organic headwind for the year is going to be that portion of toll and traffic that's related to tags is going to be off, and it could be off $20 million at least this year unless there's some resurgence in new tolling activity, which there could well be because our bid process is off the charts. So there's lots of activity, but right now, we're relying on the base, and we'll have to see. But I don't think it's conservatism. But I think you've got to remember how small this whole thing is. If you look at all of that Industrial and Energy, you're looking at something that's about 25% or 28%. So if you've got something, it would have to be up quite substantially more than the kind of 4% mid-single digits we're talking about it for it be very material, so...
Brian Jellison: It's normalized right now at negative 2.9%. There's nothing cyclical about that. We get more and more deferred revenue, it becomes a positive thing, right. So the more you grow, if you're paying in advance for what you do, the more deferred revenue you get. So welcome to probably the first negative working capital company in your coverage.
Brian Jellison: No, I think we don't have any goal. We have certain covenants and certain requirements, and we can't exceed 4 without mentioning it to people. And we expect to get down easily to meet all of our commitments and our covenants. So it's much more likely we would run routinely at 3x debt-to-EBITDA than we would run routinely at 3.5x debt-to-EBITDA. And if we didn't do other acquisitions, I wouldn't borrow that. That's we wouldn't do this year. We'd certainly be down to levels like – and you can see we're going to have $1 billion of free cash flow. Other than increasing our dividend for the 25th time and become a dividend aristocrat, I don't think you'll see us have another deployment unless it's an acquisition.
Brian Jellison: No, no, we bring together people together that have great connectivity. So all of our Energy and Industrial people have similar kinds of challenges that we monitor and provide guidance to and measure. We have a separate strategic planning session with our medical companies. That was conducted in December when they're all together in the same place for a week. So we do those things in logical ways. There's no sense bringing a company together that's writing code for software with a pump manufacturer.
Brian Jellison: No, I don't – I wouldn't do read much in to those things. I think what would you see is for a couple years, I said we – it would be helpful for us, and we're trying to do that in this quarter again, to get really good clarity around. So how much energy exposure do you have in Energy and Industrial because they're not really clean segments. The Energy segment is about 2/3 energy and 1/3 industrial; and the Industrial segment's like 10% to 12% energy and 88% industrial. And so that's our fault, and it confuses people and we'll try to make that – I think we've made it quite clear this morning, but you'll continue to see clarity come in that area.
Brian Jellison: One of the great things about the company is we don't really have any standard products. There are just a few areas like residential, water meters, that they don't have the intelligent controls on them. So we're all an application company. It's very difficult for somebody to say what's the price yield because you don't have a SKU that you're following, and you can look at the SKU by channel. So you can always best measure it by looking at the gross margin in the enterprise, right. So pricing power comes from the quality of the product or service or technology you're applying and our gross margins continue to go up all the time. And so that is a pretty effective productivity measurement of whether or not you're getting the pricing opportunity that's available. You won't find Roper unilaterally raising prices like perhaps some private equity group might do for a short-term gain. We're going to have our pricing match the reality of sort of free market that we operate in over a long period of time. So as a rule, I would say we got some modest pricing in everything we do versus the prior year.
Robert Crisci: Yes, I think there is sequential improvement. The run rates with the Roper Pump and any of the upstream businesses, they're certainly up and that should continue throughout the year. And then, on a year-over-year basis, right, we're talking about mid-single-digit growth for each of the Industrial and Energy segment, than when we talked to you 3 months ago, we were looking more like low single digit.
Robert Crisci: Yes, I'd just add to that. For the first quarter, the Medical and RF segments were right where we expected them to be and the outlook there for the rest of the year is just as we had it coming in for the year. So really, the only change is better environment in Industrial and Energy and rolling that forward for the year. And as Brian pointed out, that's a smaller percentage of the company than it used to be.
Robert Crisci: Yes, I think for those 2 segments, as you grow, we would expect really strong leverage, similar to what you saw in the first quarter because of where they are after the cost reductions over the past couple of years. On the way back up, we would expect pretty strong leverage.
Robert Crisci: And Industrial and Energy is where we – is where the orders number really matters and it was up 1.06 in Industrial and 1.01 in Energy. It's a less useful metric.
Robert Crisci: Excellent. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to you in 3 more months.
