John Humphrey: Sure. We recently completed the Cambridge acquisition, just within the last month of the quarter so it didn’t contribute an awful lot. You can see it on the cash flow statement, kind of the range that we paid there. But what this really provides is viscosity measurement for fluids, both in the oil area but also in the petrochemical, so it adds additional technology to our existing set of businesses there. And so Cambridge will be able to kind of come into an existing sales channel, but also provides additional online work, so outside of the laboratory into the process. So it’s a nice fit both for us as well as for Cambridge and additional technology, and they’ll be able to benefit from our expanded reach and we’ll be able to benefit from their technology. So I think that’s going to be a nice acquisition for us that will start to contribute in the second quarter and beyond.
John Humphrey: Well, as the strongest player in toll and traffic world, I think it’s always a beneficial thing for someone to want to join with TransCore. But in our future, we feel very comfortable with the set of technologies and services that we’re providing to that marketplace. We’re happy with our position, but if something else happens there, then we’ll see what that looks like.Dean Dray – Citi Investment Research: That’s helpful. Thank you.
John Humphrey: Yeah, and the other thing—Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: You’re not looking for much improvement in the economy.
John Humphrey: And Alex, the other thing I would say about that is remember, we’re a collection of many different niche markets, and the things that may be a little bit weaker that you may be referring to around housing or something like that, we don’t really have any exposure to speak of to new construction activity or automobile production, or some of those areas that are more broadly aligned with kind of the more cyclical aspects of GDP. So as we look at our individual niche markets, we see a number of them that I wouldn’t characterize as weak today and that we expect them to continue to perform well.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Okay, thank you.
John Humphrey: ’13 and beyond, I mean, I wouldn’t say that we have a view on ’13 and beyond yet. I think most of our commentary is really about ’12, and it’s true the backlog and the growth that we have seen out of energy so far in this region has clearly been above the average for the segment in total. Brian talked a little bit about the fact that we were up 22%--20% north in Asia and as well as in Canada, but also in the rest of world category which includes Australia as well as a few others – that’s also north of 20% for us. And we’ve seen at least four energy systems and controls just north of 20%, and that’s largely driven by the investments that are happening. And now, it’s still off of a relatively small base, so I don’t want to overplay this, but it does add to our backlog and add to the LNG position that we have, where I think that we’re largely seen as the best control systems provider for any type of LNG plant anywhere around the world. So the fact that they are making strong investments there at the Gorgon site as well as at others is going to continue to benefit us, we think.
John Humphrey: And I do think, Chris, that you’re right – we’ve definitely benefited from the investments that we have made and continue to make in new product development and channel development for those. I mean, you’ve seen that out of our fluid handling businesses with expansion of channel activity, particularly in wastewater and agriculture areas, rental market expansion, new product applications in oil and gas for our fluid handling, as well as in our energy systems businesses. And we continue to focus on those areas where customers are really going to benefit from the technologies that we can provide and the application knowledge that we have. I don’t see that as being something that—our businesses will continue to reinvent themselves, but I don’t really think of it as reinventing. It’s just a question of expanding their solution set and becoming even more important to how customers are able to be successful. That’s what they’ve done this year, and I expect them to do that next year, just as they’ve done over the previous decades.
John Humphrey: Yeah, that’s our prediction.Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Yes? Okay. Great, thank you much. Great quarter.
John Humphrey: Okay, thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again in July as we complete our second quarter.
Brian Jellison: Okay, thank you. We’re going to have for the rest of the year double-digit growth, we believe, in energy. We’ve got record backlog at the moment. We have continuing strength in incoming orders and we’ve got favorable industrial end markets for our one business that kind of fits to the industrial area, our Dynisco business. We expect that that should continue to be okay throughout the year. We’ve got great operating leverage in the remainder of the year, and the execution and focus of everybody in this business is quite strong. Next slide? This will be our introduction into our 2012 guidance. I’ll talk a little bit about the quarter and then the full year, and of course we’ve raised our guidance. Next slide? For the full year, we’ve raised the guidance to 4.75, which is an $0.08 increase on the bottom end and to 4.91, which is an increase on the high end as well. And in the second quarter, we’ll have some headwinds and a little bit of confusing data. Last year we reported, as you can see on this slide, a $1.03 excluding a $0.05 re-measurement gain for foreign currency that we had, and that’s the way we treated that throughout the year on a GAAP basis. In some reporting services, you’ll see $1.08 which includes the $0.05 re-measurement gain, but our baseline is $1.03. The second quarter last year was extraordinary compared to the rest of the year, and so it was $1.03 and the second quarter in 2010 was $0.74. So our guidance for the second quarter of this year is $1.11 to $1.15. At the midpoint of that, it’s still double-digit growth over last year. We do have some comparative headwinds around the Gaz de France contract, which was large last year, that we had this North American research softness and we have some toll shipment timing things that occurred last year. It was the best quarter for the TransCore business in three years in the second quarter last year. On a full-year basis, of course, a modest growth trend, and that we expect will continue this year but we won’t have the outsized second quarter. That said, we still look for quite strong results in the second quarter and much stronger results for the second half and the full year. We’ve raised our operating cash flow projection. We had said it could be 650 million. We’re now saying it ought to be between that and 675 million for the full year. Next slide? So if we recap here before we go to Q&A, the first quarter produced all-time records for revenue orders, net earnings, EBITDA, operating and free cash flow, spectacular gross margin at 55%, very strong cash conversion around the operating cash flow and the free cash flow, with free cash flow being up 69%. Our book-to-bill strongly above 1 at 1.03, terrific operating leverage which just speaks to the quality of our different operating teams around the world, and we’ve raised the guidance as we go into the balance of the year. We certainly expect to have record performance for 2012 as a whole, and I think with that, John, we can open it up to questions.
Brian Jellison: Well, it’d be a great goal. When we think about weak Q1, we really only think about the energy systems business. I wouldn’t think normally about industrial necessarily being weak. There is some times based on weather that Neptune might not be very good because you’ve got winter and so forth, but that wasn’t the case this year. But I don’t—seasonal Q4 for them is difficult just because of the time of the year it is. I think as long as we get revenue growth, we’re going to continue to have favorable leverage – it’s as simple as that. We expect to have continued revenue growth, so we would expect to maintain or enhance our leverage.
Brian Jellison: No, no there wasn’t. There wasn’t any unusual activity. I will say—I mean, certainly the pump businesses, as they grow, throw off a lot of cash and very favorable incremental returns, so that’s something that has grown a lot more in the last year or two than historically it’s grown. So that supports better results in the quarter.
Brian Jellison: Yeah, I think we could take a swipe at that. Second half organic growth should be better in our view. Our guidance at the beginning of the year was 5 to 8, and we had 8 in the first quarter. We would expect less than that in the second quarter, and that or more in the third and fourth quarters. So we’d still stay generally with this kind of up to 8% organic growth for the full year, and at the low end of that range in Q2 and at the high end of that range in Q3 and Q4.
Brian Jellison: You know, I think there is so much going on that it’s a classic case of you don’t want to do something that’s good when the best thing is around the corner. So in a good-better-best situation with the strength of our balance sheet we have, we’re looking for the best thing. We think we have a couple of best things identified and we’re doing a lot of work, and we’re very excited about what will happen over the next months.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: So we shouldn’t rule out something meaningful in 2012, it sounds like.
Brian Jellison: I wouldn’t rule it out.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: And then just one final one and then I’ll pass it on – Gatan, is there an issue there with them not being able to deliver relative to backlog, a production issue or something? What’s going on there? You kind of called it out—
Brian Jellison: A production issue. They always have very sophisticated sensor technology we have to buy, and it’s oftentimes only produced periodically. The orders have been pretty good, and they do have some occasional bottlenecks in Gatan, and they’re forecasting kind of treading water in Q2. We’d suggest it would be better if they swam, so I think they understand our view of that. But that’s kind of where that is. We don’t see anything but upside in Gatan for the full year, but they had a really remarkable first quarter and so they didn’t pace themselves at all. I think they have to kind of gear up here again for Q2 and maybe they’re being a little conservative, for those of you in Pleasanton who are listening.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Great. Thanks, Brian.
Brian Jellison: Certainly what we would see—we’ve had strength everywhere except for Europe, and Europe was positive but it was only up a couple of percent versus everything else being up double digits and Canada and Asia being up over 20%. We do just see some areas that are going to be weak. This North American research funding scenario puts a real brake on our photonics businesses in a negative way, so that kind of pares back revenue some from what we’d like to have. On the other hand, margins in those businesses are not as high, and their cash generation capability is a little less good so they don’t hurt us overall. For the year, we expect to do sort of okay. We’re going with a 30% tax rate for the year as a whole. I think if we wind up with 8% organic growth on the year, I think if it’s not best in class, I’d be surprised. So we think that’s pretty good. Now if things picked up and became better, then obviously as the year went on we’d look at higher numbers.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Okay, so you’ve got a conservative forecast here.
Brian Jellison: Well, in Verathon we have a product called Heartscape which is an important product for us, and it’s launched in Europe. It’s not launched in the U.S.; we still are going through regulatory issues with that to get it launched. I think whenever it launches, it should be a very good product. We don’t have it in for much of our guidance for the balance of this year. It’s more likely to be something that could help in 2013 from the U.S. perspective, but sales have started in Europe, and in fact our leader of Verathon is on a plane as we speak right now, going over to have some meetings over there with people on the subject. So I think that’s pretty good. We have some CIVCO and MEDtech products that are launching in the second half, and some things that they’ve been working on that we kind of know are going to beneficial in second half of the year. And then Northern Digital, we’re doing several things in Northern Digital to broaden their range of activity, which we expect to pay dividends in the second half.
Brian Jellison: Well we want to just kind of clarify in terms of that. When we say we’re down, I’d say it’s a little over 10 million for just the tolling and the Gaz de France, which both happened to be in the RF segment, and it could be even a little higher than that on a comparable business.
Brian Jellison: But imaging is a different thing and of course in a different segment. The problem with imaging is that Gatan will probably outperform enough to make up for that camera softness, but the camera softness from the funding, both in Japan and the U.S., probably a double-digit negative on their baseline. So that’s likely to be a drag in each of the second and third quarters, and that would be in the mid-millions.
Brian Jellison: Absolutely we would expect double-digit growth – no question about that. I mean, we’ve built a great organization there. We’ve put as much talent in there as any place in the company, and it’s got a very much broader leadership team and capability team. We have terrific people throughout that organization, and we’ve made some acquisitions there. You know, we acquired Trinity, we acquired United Controls in addition to the investments in the structure we’ve put in. I mean, they are absolutely going to do double-digit growth, and we’ve completely refurbished the headquarters operation at Des Moines, which for those people who have ever been there, it’s unbelievable. It really does look like a technology business now, and double-digit growth will be easy for them to obtain.
Brian Jellison: Well, we actually grew in Europe; just we didn’t grow at the same rate as other places. So it’s not a matter of not growing, it’s just in Europe we grew at 2%, and in the quarter every other geography was double-digit growth. So we had 10% growth in the U.S. and 22% in Canada and Asia, and 13% in the rest of the world. It was just Europe up 2. So the growth remains fine, and Europe represents less than 20% of Roper – it’s in the sort of 15 to 18 category, so it’s not a major drag. Energy was up double digits but medical was very close to that. It was really the change in Europe was purely from the Gaz de France contract that we had. It was unique and was just something that occurred, and it was down sharply. If you hadn’t had that adjustment, you would have had close to double-digit growth everywhere. So that was—you know, it took some points off of our growth profile.
Brian Jellison: Yeah, they were probably a little better than that. We certainly aren’t seen any fall-off in those at all.
Brian Jellison: Our industrial businesses really are not OEM for the most part. Our industrial businesses are our product solutions for direct customers. In the energy arena, we do some OEM activity, but even there it’s not super high. But our engine shutoff valves, for instance, somebody could argue that’s an OEM product going into most everybody’s diesel engine. Fortunately we don’t look at it that way; we look at it as a solution that the customer really requires and the engine manufacturer has to buy.
Brian Jellison: I think if I understood you right – let me sort of test that – that the service revenue is lower than the hardware revenue in terms of margins, so if hardware is diminished at the expense of services, it would hurt the margins. What you’re seeing and the reason the margins continue to grow is that our software businesses, which are in RF, are expanding and they carry much higher margins, both at the gross and operating level and the cash flow levels. So those are going to continue to push out the mix of the tolling and service processing portions of RF at a fairly rapid pace.Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Okay, so the CBORD, the freight matching, ITrade – those businesses are up nicely versus—you know, that’s where the mix is coming from rather than a hardware service mix.
