Rob Crisci: Thanks, Neil. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for waking up an hour earlier than normal to hear our call. So, on page 8, I'll go over the full year income statement. As Neil mentioned, it was an excellent 2018. We grew revenue 11%, which is more than $500 million for the year. The majority of the growth was organic, with full year organic growth of 8% and 9% organic in each of the last three quarters. At Roper, as you know, we pride ourselves in the ability to grow both organically and through our consistent deployment of capital. And in 2018, we really benefited from both, with the robust organic growth and positive contributions from PowerPlan and our other acquisitions. Our margins also expanded for the year. Gross margin, up 60 basis points. EBITDA margin, up 30 basis points for overall EBITDA growth of 13%, exceeding $1.8 billion for the first time, so we had very nice leverage on the growth. Earnings before taxes grew 15% for the year. As you will recall, from a year ago Q4 call, we talked about the many benefits from tax reform for Roper. And that certainly did play out, as you see our full year tax rate declined from 28.9% to 21.5%. So adding up all those numbers, we grew our DEPS for the year 25%. Next slide. At Roper, we always believe that cash is the best measure of performance. And in Q4, we grew our free cash flow, as Neil mentioned, 27% to $447 million. And on a full year basis, we grew our operating cash flow 16% and our free cash flow 17% to a record of $1.37 billion, which represents 26% of revenue. As you can see on the chart on the right, if you look at the last years of free cash flow, we compounded 19% which is very consistent with our long-term track record of double-digit cash flow compounding, and we feel really good about our ability to continue to do that in the future. Next slide. So turning to the first of our two balance sheet slides. Driven by our asset-light business model, we ended the fourth quarter with working capital to revenue of minus 3%, completing our second consecutive year of negative net working capital. As you can see on the chart on the right, our deferred revenue continued to increase, aided by seasonal software billing as we continued to grow our recurring revenue. So I thought I'd take a few short moments and sort of talk about why we think negative working capital is so important. So if you assume a $500 million increase in revenue, which was similar to Roper's 2018 growth, a multi-industry company with a higher working capital level, let's say, 10% of revenue, would actually consume $50 million of cash on their balance sheet in order to grow that $500 million in revenue. To contrast for the same amount of growth, not only does Roper not consume cash on the balance sheet, we actually generate $15 million of incremental cash due to our negative net working capital. So we really view the asset-light model as very, very valuable and it accelerates our ability to compound cash in the future. And we certainly expect to remain negative and become more negative over time. Next slide. So this slide is our balance sheet slide. Looking at our strong financial position and comparing where we were at the year-end 2017 to where we are in the year-end of 2018. And we think it's very notable that we reduced our gross debt during the year by a little over $200 million while at the same time we increased our EBITDA by $200 million. So ending the year, our gross debt-to-EBITDA is down to 2.7 times. Our net debt-to-EBITDA is down to 2.5 times. So it's really a testament to Roper's ability to consistently and quickly generate cash and free cash flow that we can reduce leverage in a year where we deployed $1.3 billion in high-quality exciting software acquisitions. So if you look at our balance sheet ending the year, we are very well-positioned to deploy capital and take advantage of our attractive pipeline of acquisition opportunities moving forward through 2019. So with that, I will turn it back to Neil to go over the rest of the presentation.
Rob Crisci: Sure. Good morning. This is Rob. So, I think, in the two largest segments RF and medical, very consistent. I mean, these are mid single digit organic growth segments for the most part if you go back last year and we expect much of the same for 2019. I think you're right. I think for the industrial and energy segments, we do see a little bit lower growth than we saw last year clearly. And I think, Neil mentioned a few reasons for that earlier. Neil, you can probably expand.
Rob Crisci: But I would just add to that you guys you know, that's very institutionalized. I mean, everything that we are doing is consistent with what we've been doing for the last 15 years. Neil and myself obviously have been very heavily involved in all the M&A we've done in valuation and execution in the last six, seven years. So it is no change at all and what we've done in the past, and it will stay the same moving forward.
Rob Crisci: Yeah, I mean there is a lot of investment in these businesses. As you know, it’s like we centralize investment and did it out, these businesses generate high margins and they are encouraged and they knew that. I think Neil talked about some of the innovations in every single one of our businesses is investing to grow. And that's why they have such great performance. So they are all very, very strategic in their own way.
Rob Crisci: Yeah. I mean, I think in the energy segment, you had 1% growth. So that's just sort of a small number since you asked. I think in the industrial businesses, look there is – we do have high contribution margins and so as you get late in the year and you're delivering a lot of product it's going to come through a pretty high contribution margin. So, certainly over time, it’s not going to be a 100%, but certainly for a quarter, you can have pretty strong incrementals.
Rob Crisci: Yes, sure, yes. As you know, we don't include any acquisitions in guide. So this guide is strictly based-off of organic. We've got a lot of capital that we expect to deploy as long as the right opportunities are there. And so, at the end of the year, yes, the compounding will always be a combination of our organic growth and our M&A growth. In terms of the guide, we are assuming roughly 30% to 35% leverage on the growth overall, which is pretty consistent with the kind of long-term trends. I think as Neil mentioned in our base guidance, because we are assuming some declines in some of the upstream businesses, and there's going to be a little bit of delevering there and it will hurt you, whereas the software and the medical businesses generally leverage 40%. And so if you put it all together, you get something in the 30s for our baseline midpoint guidance, which we think is sort of a prudent approach at this point in time.
Rob Crisci: Yeah. So I don't really want to get that specific on that, given the fact that we're currently trying to get it to closed, the regulatory. But I would say that from a seasonality standpoint, it's always stronger in the second half than in the first half. So I think it is true, we're not assuming a lot of growth in 2019 versus what was a very strong 2018.
Rob Crisci: Yeah. It's the exact same process we've done over the last 10 years. So we certainly view it as well-balanced.
Neil Hunn: So – the sort of bifurcate it with what we saw nothing obviously in last year and we look forward into this year. In the first part of January, at the top-end the enterprise side with GovCon it's completely business as usual. As you can imagine, they have gigantic teams and staffs and they can flow their staffs to where the work is. On the very, very bottom-end, the mom-and-pop we saw a little bit of a slowdown in booking activities. It's very, very small part of Deltek, but Deltek is highly confident that rebounds based on their experience from sequestration. All of that business was captured and then following couple of months. And so it was – we view it as a push, if anything and certainly not lost business. So, in the grand scheme of things very limited impact on the Deltek business relative to the government shutdown.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. I appreciate that. So just – every time we get asked about the re-segmentation, we just want to make sure everybody understands, it's just how we organize the businesses for reporting out to investors. It's not how we operate the business. It's not changing any of the business model characteristics. It's just for communication to our investors and shareholders. To that end, the design principles are quite simple and straightforward. We want there not to be segments based on end market orientation, as our strategy is not end market-oriented. We'll put like business models and segments and that will certainly have a segment structure that supports our long term multi-industry view of our strategy, as well as having a combination of products and software. But the confusion of having multiple types of products and energy across two different segments, that will all likely be streamlined and cleaned up in new segment reporting structure.
Neil Hunn: Sure. If you look across the aggregate of our industrial and energy segments and outlook, basically you see Neptune and CCC up for the year. We see our upstream assets down. And everything else in aggregate, the bucket of everything else, is flattish across 2019. As I mentioned, the field is generally pretty upbeat and our January activities were modestly strong. And our approach on guidance is we all saw the volatility in December in oil prices in that market. We saw a slight, ever so slight impact on some of the Q4 seasonal shipments that we talked about earlier. We also have a difficult first half comp across our energy businesses in particular. So we've modeled Q1 down with only modest improvements in the balance of the year. But importantly if the takeaway capacity, the 3 million barrels that's scheduled to come online comes online, or oil prices stay where they are or increase, then there could be positive levers in our model here specifically to the upstream assets that we modeled down for the balance of the year.
Neil Hunn: I'll take that Gatan one first. No, I mean it doesn't at all. I mean, we're very active and have the balance sheet that Rob shared was -- it was looking through any impact of the divestiture of Gatan. So we're planning on being quite offensive to the extent that the targets present themselves. Relative to Sunquest, we expect it to be down in 2019, although less down in 2018. That's consistent with how we set the situation about this time last year about what next couple of years look like for Sunquest.
Neil Hunn: Well, we just -- it's still pretty early days with PowerPlan. They had a very busy year last year and a newer SaaS offering around lease accounting. So that had tremendous uptake given the accounting changes. So that little bit of a pig -- through the python in terms of getting all those implemented and they did a very good job, and that we ran them through our planning process. I thought their end market orientation was good. They're also -- we bought the company that was in the mid-innings of a SaaS transition. So they are quite busy in terms of upgrading their tech stack and just getting the first early implementations on the new stack with recurring revenue SaaS part of that business. So early days. But as we mentioned, they on-boarded fantastically well, and the team has acclimatized well to our governance model and our structure.
Neil Hunn: Well, iTrade is mostly a U.S. business. It's not exclusively U.S. but mostly U.S. From a competitive landscape point of view is one of the things we like a lot about our network businesses it is a supply chain network that has network scale that's larger than anybody else. And so the relative market share advantage that we have in that business is quite larger over the next largest competitor, and really haven't seen a meaningful challenger in that business for several years. Again it's the network scale. And then Rhonda and her team over the last 18 or 24 months have just done a great job on the product and the features and driving even more customer loyalty and uptake. It's always had a high recurring revenues and high retention rates, but now the ability to sell more value in the product stack is encouraging.
Neil Hunn: So, generally speaking, not generally, it's absolute. I think the fact that private valuations, you know we buy everything from private equity, lag any change in public and they also don't have the volatility of public. And so that's just an observed fact in the market. The other thing, I would say to that is valuations remain robust in the private markets. But the assets that we all come to – I think you all come to appreciate that we look for the niche orientation, the high retention rates, the mid to high single-digit growth, generally non-cyclicality high-recurring revenues. Those assets and high cash flow low to limited CapEx those command a higher price than your average company. And those are the type of businesses that we look for. So we continue to do that. The other thing which we always do, we do it with our Board, a few times a year as we go through models to say is it better to continue deploying through valuation environments or wait? And every time the mass says to continue deploy through because the compounding effect overwhelms any market timing you could possibly dream up. And so our strategy has been for the last five years to invest through the cycle and we'll continue to do that.
Neil Hunn: Well, the beauty of this business is that it's comprised of 50 businesses. And I won't go through all the things you know about their niche orientation, defensibility, the market share leading positions that we have and so. The cash flow generation side of this business is pretty stable and robust given the assets that we have in our org structure. I think there is certainly a challenge or an opportunity we have to continue to add planning rigor and strategy execution rigor and talent development rigor through that organization, through the organization which we'll continue to do. And I won't say, it's a challenge, but is certainly something that's obviously top of mind, we spend a tremendous amount of time thinking about how we deploy the capital, right? So we have process and rigor and CRI discipline that really minimize the likelihood of making mistakes. But Rob and myself and the entire team here spent a lot of time on that and continue to try to learn through our history and make sure that we do a good job relative to deploying capital going forward. So it’s how I do cash flow generation, cash flow deployment is how I think about what the job is and the challenges and opportunities associated with that.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So the poor transcriptionist missed all of that. But the one thing I would say is that that it's a challenge that I just wake up everyday thinking about. As we get bigger, the concept, that complexly can creep in. It's certainly something that I spend a lot of time thinking about how at every turn we can avoid that, and really keep this thing simple, which is one or probably the single largest thing that Brian left for the legacy is -- what we do is just very simple and we'll continue to do that going forward and that's very top of mind.
Neil Hunn: Well, I'll take it one at a time, maybe start with Aderant. The last four -- three or four, five years and the next several years, the large law market will continue to be viable growth driver for the business and all the legacy reasons why we've won, we think will continue. So as you think about building a recurring revenue business, you build it on top of that larger pieces. And so, while each individual piece of the recurring revenue piece that we talked about at Aderant earlier, by itself is small, when you stack it on top of an existing business, it can become pretty meaningful. And importantly, it extends your – the company is also working in it's R&D pipeline to add – to build bolt-on products that you can sell into large law and the mid and small law size practices. So it's just a concept of which we talk broadly about, the software business is about "solution stacking". So you spend a lot of money acquiring a customer, and hopefully selling them one or two products. And then as you – certainly, once you have the customer, it's much easier to sell them additional product, especially if they're fully integrated in with – excuse me, the existing products that they have. And so that strategy is specific, not specific to Aderant or Deltek, but ConstructConnect or DAT or iTrade. And so, we can certainly spend more time off line about it, but that's the way we think about growing the product strategies of these businesses.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, sure. So the TransCore business which actually is a highly recurring – high recurring revenue business, I mean, yes, there are products that come in and out on any given year, but there's a huge base of recurring revenue there. But that continues to be smaller part of this segment as currently reported. Software has now become two-thirds and growing of the segment. So very, very high levels of recurring revenue. If you look at our RF Tech segment organically over the past several years, I mean, it's very, very consistent growth and that continues to tick upward over time as we've added more of these high quality software businesses. So it's really not cyclical at all in the segment at this point in time.
Neil Hunn: Well, I'll start with your last statement about deemphasizing the strategic importance. I would say we're absolutely not doing that. All of our businesses, even the energy businesses are in niches, they are clear leaders. Importantly they are tremendous cash machines, right? Their CRI performance in stunning and so these businesses are fantastic businesses. They do, obviously, have some cyclicality associated with them, but they are fantastic businesses, period, full stop. So there are strategy at the same. We have a collection of roughly 50 businesses. They generate the cash flow and we take all the cash flow and deploy to businesses that are better than the core. So, that's how I would summarize our feelings on that. 
Neil Hunn: Great example of that is both the Cornell and Roper Pump. We've talked now all year long about the share gains that they've had in 2018. Those are directly a result of the investments we made in the channel and the product in the last down cycle. So we were there when others weren't there. And so I think our ability to sort of with the long-term horizon of owning these businesses proves to be beneficial.
Neil Hunn: Sure. So I'll just -- I'll answer your question through the lens of how we deploy capital, right? So the first step in that approach for us is, do we like the CRI performance, yes or no? That is analytical, objective and is not subject to any bias or interpretation. So before we engage or do any work, we know that it fits our financial criteria. I think most companies that are stretching, or they stretch the valuations and assume synergies that's not anywhere in our CRI map. And so we don't sort of romance ourself into the financial strategy of an acquisition. It straight CRI map. Second is do – what we think that management team will strive in our environment. And we can spend more time about this later, but essentially is, are they – do they love building businesses yes or no? You can actually somewhat objectively determined that based on, if they've been running that business across multiple owners, you look back their leadership CVs, and see if they've had three jobs in their career versus 20. You get a sense that they love building businesses or not. And then third, so after we know we like the financial performance, we know we have a management team that will strive then is it a business that we like? Is it niche leadership position or early market share advantage, recurring revenue, high retention rates et cetera? So it's not certainly far from impossible to make a mistake, but the rigor of the process really makes it hard to do so. And so the punch line of that where we have been disappointed in the past is would be summarized and maybe they were a little slower to grow early until our strategy prod tools sort of have time to take effect, but it's far from value destructive [ph] from our shareholders, because there's so much arbitrage value in the CRI map from the onset.
Steve Tusa: I have been up since 4 AM, went for run, so this is piece cake, no problem. I say move it up, let’s cut the wheat from the chaff.
Steve Tusa: I'm actually joking, I actually broke my ankle on Sunday. So I am not really moving – move very much. So again, on a more somber note, our condolences obviously around Brian. I echo Deane's comments. I think he said it pretty well. So, sorry to hear about that guys. 
Steve Tusa: Well, it sounds you guys have too much money to spend and that's not a bad problem to have. I think there's a lot other companies that would like that problem. Thanks a lot.
