Brian Jellison: So Deane, the way we characterize that, so we thought that the oil and gas market broadly I think we said maybe down 30%. It’s down at least that and probably a little bit more. It’s actually worse than what we expect. When you rig counts particularly down 50% year-over-year, that’s worse than we what expect it and so we saw that really impact those businesses that are in the oil and gas market that have any exposure to upstream. If we got something -- if I got something wrong, what I got wrong was there is a little bit of follow-on effect to some more of the downstream and midstream markets a pullback on capital spending on their exposure on the upstream side. And so what we're expecting as we go forward is really no improvement. Even though we've seen little hints of improvement in the oil and gas market, that's not what our guidance is based on. At this point, we're expecting it to remain flat to where it ended the quarter.
Brian Jellison: It was down as spectacular. They more than doubled their revenue on realign products in the second quarter, which is what we were hoping. So that was a huge bonus, but what we got that we weren’t expecting, the degree of is surface pump, the revenue was down 79% and we had not expected people would shut that off entirely and they virtually -- orders were down 91%. So what that is even though it is not a lot of stocking, it just people weren’t going to use everything they had and end of life before they did other things. So the good news about the use of realign facility is they performed as expected, actually better than expected and it continues to gain share, but it's not big enough to offset the core flow control piece, it's down so much.
Brian Jellison: They have a lot of license and maintenance and they've introduced the SaaS model, so people are shifting over some to the SaaS model, but a lot of the things that they do have to do with bids and estimation and actual architectural moving of walls and things that's just phenomenal what their system is able to do. That's a business that's going to be a little less than $30 million of revenue with a little less than 50% EBITDA and it's positive leverage going forward. It's quite high and the growth rate is double-digit. So you can figure it out from there.
Brian Jellison: I wouldn't say that we've been following the multiples for acquisitions in the oil space for quite some time. It's been a decade since we've made any acquisition in that segment. I think Dynisco was the last one we made and it was in 2006. And despite whatever multiples might be doing in that space, that's really not where our focus has been. We continue to remain focused on higher technology areas, things that have exposure to in the markets that are cyclical like medical and other areas where we have a niche software or network type of business that we're looking at and that continues to be the types of things that we're looking for or some type of proprietary technology that benefits an existing area. That continues to be our focus area rather than trying to bottom feet in something like oil and gas.
Brian Jellison: No, no, no. We're debating -- we could have gotten more granular in our remarks, but just I think it's so instructive about how good our business model is, if you go back and you look at how the segments were in the second quarter of '09 and compared to the second quarter of '09 to the second quarter of '08 and then you looked at the comparison of the second quarter of '15 to the second quarter of '17 to see kind of the rates of change, you would be astonished at how much better all these are. The thing that is amazing in the second quarter of '09, our industrial tech business, which is largely Neptune and flow control, it had $32.5 million of operating profit on a reported basis and that was on a $136 million of revenue. So its margin, it was 23.8% in OP at a time when people were concerned the world was ending. This time this reduction, our OP and industrial is $52.2 million, not $32.5 and our revenue is $186 million, not $136 million. So we have now OP margins of 28% in industrial in the quarter versus 23.8% in the second quarter of '09 and it's nothing like the second quarter of '09 in terms of the rate of de-escalation. Second quarter of '09 over '08, our sales in the flow control segment were down 25.5%, OP was 31.7%. There wasn't a lot of currency issues either. This time our revenue is down 9%, not 25% and our OP was down 13%, not 32% and if you look at the energy segment, the energy segment in the second quarter of '09, it had $23 million or OP our $105 in revenue. So it had OP margins of 22%. This time it's got $37.7 million in OP on $145 million in revenue. So the margins are 26%, up 400 basis points from the second quarter of '09. The sales trend in '09 versus '08 was down 27%, this time it's 12% and half of that is FX and OP was down 35% this time it's down 15%. So entirely different and then it's always for us painful because people ask these reader cost questions about these two businesses, which represent less than 30% of our EBITDA. Roper, let's go to medical. Medical in the second quarter of '90 we had $12.4 million of OP on $76 million of revenue 16.3%. This quarter medical had $109 million in OP, eight times, nine times the number on $302 million in revenue and it wasn’t down, it was up 12% on sales and it was up 16% on OP. Our margin in medical was 36.1% versus last year's second quarter of 16.3%. Our challenge is simply to continue to grow these things as well as we can. In our RF segment in 2009, our second quarter had $39 million of OP on $187 million in revenue. So our margin profile was 21.1%. Today RF had $79.9 million double OP and it had $255.6 million in revenue. So sales were up 4%, they were really up more than organically and the OP was up dramatically. So you're looking at margins of 31.3% versus 21.1%. In total Roper, in the second quarter when people thought the business was ending had $96 million of OP on $505 million in revenue 19%. This quarter had $252 million in OP on $890 million in revenue $28.3 million. So we were up 930 basis points quarter-over-quarter in the as reported GAAP OP number. So yet there is a sharp reduction. Yes, we got rid of 150 people. Yes, the investment in that restructuring will turn cash positive in the fourth quarter and no, we're not really worried about it.
Brian Jellison: Absolutely, I think we have done what we need to do. We'll see a little bit more that will come out in the third quarter just because of notifications and a lag and how that works. So there will be a few other people coming out in the third quarter, but all total, we think it’s going to be in neighborhood of about a 150 people out of 10,000. So it’s not very material.
Brian Jellison: Well the core thing was our Struers business in Denmark, which had nearly on a constant currency basis it grew nearly 20%, but it really was up sharply. We had researchers in the Germany. Struers does sell somewhat into the technology side of auto. So that’s pretty powerful for them at the moment. And they don’t really see any shortfall in any of that activity. I think Asia is more modest and Europe is up. Actually Europe in total for the company was surprisingly strong in the quarter. On a as reported basis, it’s a down a bit, but the currency was down 20%. So if you look at the costs of currency performance it’s pretty solid.
Brian Jellison: I don't think it will be -- rounded out when we get to the '16 guidance. So people in the hospitals just have to understand how much energy they have to devote for the meaningful use requirement for the government and for doing that we’re not doing a lot of other things and most of them have that challenge behind them And so this is our organization, so we don’t have to spend as much time in that phase, the implementation with them and we can turn our attention to demonstrating the immediate payback of upgrades to a wide variety of various things we offer.
Brian Jellison: We really don’t have any inventory levels in the channel. If you look at the energy systems business, the largest component of that is compressor controls and it's always build for a specific application for the firm oil that goes along with the software that we provide to people. It’s really a systems business. The little bit of products and they're really related to valves that we have, which are for these diesel engine shut offs and certainly that had just come to dramatic reduction of about 50%. So there is a little bit of inventory that they got to work off, but not a lot in pipeline because the fact we basically sells direct and a lot of these products and they have very fast turnaround. So there is not a lot of -- there really aren’t channel partners out here or stocking and reselling stuff. The only thing that we have that gets stocked are standard Neptune water heaters and that’s through our proprietary distribution network and certainly no inventory problems there. As far as CCC is concerned, it’s really around slowness in people deciding what they're going to do. So they haven’t lost any projects. We haven’t any projects that are canceled. There just things are relatively slow, as you would expect they would be for people to make big capital decisions right now.
Brian Jellison: Well our gross margins were up a 100 basis points. Gross margins and energy are 57%. Our gross margins in industrial are 50%. So I wouldn't say we have a lot of pricing problems.
Brian Jellison: So probably you're looking at read-across stuff from others and that’s not what we do. We have very, very specific applications. Not a lot of competition, but Denmark it's all up. We catch a cold. And that's what's happened, but doesn’t affect our -- we're not in a competitive market place where we’re overly concerned about pricing. And in a market like this that’s end market driven, it doesn’t market what you’re pricing is. People aren’t going to buy more because the price is well run.
Brian Jellison: They have so much new money that keeps coming from investors that they're at least not worried about pricing with other people's money. I can assure that they're just as aggressive as they've ever been and you still have lots of forms. If we look at the large banks like the JPMorgan getting told let’s watch how much on putting on debt staples here. Let’s not get above five times and so forth. Quick then, there are all these other kind of people out here. Pension funds from unions in Canada, they got all kinds of people that are happy to supply all kinds of debt. So we still see 6.5 times debt on anything that’s really a good business. So that drives up multiple. So multiples are still high, but on-center the perfect example of the kind of things that we do, here you've got a very well run business and a very nice markets. It's pretty niche oriented thing. Doesn’t lend itself to and Oracle or SAP coming in and trying to take it over. It’s a business that Management wants to stay with and drive the business and they want to have a home that will invest in them. And we fit that better than private equity. So that all of these things work to our favor and then nothing like that has changed the acquisitions that we have right now are all similar to those kind of things. So we don’t see that as a constraint.
Brian Jellison: That's a great question. We have an enormous benefit here in that each month, the second after the month ends, we know what their orders and their revenue were and we as you remember, we run this place on both economics and accounting because GAAP accounting gives you such distorted information about what's really happening with cash nature of the business. So we know what the breakeven of the business is. Going into a quarter means what the marginal contribution will be after they've covered that on a revenue basis. So we immediately, two days after a month ends have a very good idea about what's happening to their trend and we will talk to them at the end of that month. They’ll provide us a quadrant feedback about what's hot in the business, what's happening in terms of what they're winning or difficulty that they're having. How the quantitative nature of the business is in the month and what they're concerned about and so that becomes more of a socratic discussion, but we're going to encourage them to take the actions that they need to take, but never harm the business. So we always start out with do no harm and we've done it so much for so long, it's just a cultural kind of thing. Nobody would hide stuff here. It's not like your typical multi-industry company that many of our senior leaders grew up and we've all had really bad quarter to make sure you paint the plan. So that's not how it works here and people know that.
Brian Jellison: Currently the non-tolling business, we have software businesses in there. They're high margin and the tolling services side of activity has lower margin, but the technology product side with the readers that we deploy and that it has to go along with are much higher margins. So they come in with abundant margin that's quite good, but more like the rest of our businesses than the software businesses, which are higher. So as we have higher software, it's good, but right at the moment, you've got quite a large piece of our activity is in tolling. So it has a big effect and they certainly\ are much more profitable today than they used to be.
Brian Jellison: The benefit that TransCore has is we have the best technology. So we have readers that are capable of reading what are called multiple protocols. So we can read a wide variety of things. The people who are sitting in Chicago and the people on the East Coast are stuck with a proprietary very old technology there out of the Austrians. And you would have to ask them how they feel about their future, but we're heavily engaged all the time with people around interoperability and ways that we can facilitate them. The higher degree of interoperability when we have the best protocol technologies to read all the different things that are already embedded should be favorable to us.
Brian Jellison: We're fully faster than others, but also the change out coming from government sometimes is slower than they're suggesting.
Brian Jellison: We certainly don't see it as a threat. OmniCare is not out biggest customer, but just so people understand we get a percentage of things that happen in terms of the billions of dollars of stuff we're processing. The revenue that we get is just a percentage of that. So we don't raise prices in terms of that percentage that we're getting from somebody, but if generic drugs for instance go up in price versus where they were before, then we will get a benefit from that because the activity comes out at a higher price if you have formulary drugs that get converted to generic and the price goes down, that's a decrement for us. We have benefitted by generic Pharma pricing being higher in the last two years versus the way we modeled it at the time of the acquisition. So that has been a benefit and then you see today what is doing Teva's doing with $40 billion transaction. Generally, the things that are going on in the marketplace are favorable to us.
Brian Jellison: Well in the software businesses, they have very high marginal contribution rate. So as they grow, you got more cash to reinvest in other acquisitions. They really don't need to consume more cash inside them. So that helps us. TransCore situation in RF because it's a big piece of the segment is slightly just better managed today than it used to be -- used to be on their service side of stuff, particularly almost civil engineering and the design of things at the beginning of roadway exits and what have you, they would have cost plus contracts, but they would have retention issues and I think today TransCore is about 10 times better as an operating company than it was when we acquired it. And so they don't -- they get pretty decent margins out of that, but big revenue growth out of them on the service side doesn’t have the same margin contribution that all the rest of our RF businesses do.
Brian Jellison: I would say that the primary thing is that the things that we provide, customers rely upon. And so we provide the discipline for our businesses so they have the ability to say no to people. That's one of the benefits that we're able to provide for folks. And because customers are reliant upon this specific technology or the solution that we're providing, it's not something that they can just say, look I am not going to hold payment. You guys can't ship to me anymore. That's too important to our customers. So it's good execution in terms of the discipline, but primarily it's because of the position that we have in the end of markets that we serve.
John Humphrey: Yes, the exposure is as you described, so about 5% upstream and 9% mid and downstream and what we're expecting there is for that to be down kind of in the mid single digits.
John Humphrey: While just to be able to clear, in the second quarter because it's already down, it's not 14% of our revenue, it's more or the upstream was about 4% of our revenue and then mid to downstream was a little less than 8%. So it's more like 12% on a go-forward basis.
John Humphrey: And in fact Shannon, you're exactly correct, if you exclude the Toronto project, the industrial segment was about flat organic. And so that also speaks to the earlier question about oh, my gosh, is this broadly going to impact all these end markets? Well no, is the short answer to that and no because what we’re seeing is not anything like what we saw last time where the decline is really only focused on those businesses that have exposure to oil and gas end markets and the other end markets that we serve in these two segments still performed pretty well.
John Humphrey: Acceleration is going to be around some new product introductions at Verathon and it just continued its share gains a little bit of the meaningful use upgrades. A few more of those happened in the second quarter for Sunquest and happened throughout the rest of the year. And so we actually expect the Sunquest be to get better in the second half than it was in the second quarter, but that was largely as expected for the way the year was going to roll out.
John Humphrey: The other thing I would say on that Ric is we've also recently introduced, it's in the last year I believe, not only the multiple protocol reader that Brian talked about, but also a multi-protocol tact. So we're actually selling tags right now to real customers and that tag can be used all across the country no matter where the driver most of these are commercial applications right now where over-the-road vehicles, trucks etcetera. We want to be able to have that single tag that can go through all the pieces and we're at the leading forefront of the weekend of technology there.
John Humphrey: And the other thing I would say there is that on the tolling traffic piece. It's not the same type of compounding that is on the software side, but because we execute so effectively, because the TransCore guys execute, they're able to win projects in adjacent areas. Our execution around our software for the New York City traffic control system was the reason why we won the Riyadh project in addition to our proven ability to execute in the region with our toll solution for Dubai. So those things don't always kind of have a liner relationship in terms of building on themselves, but the larger we become there, the more opportunities that we see.
John Humphrey: I would say that the other thing having worked in very large environments, if you go into typical multi-industry and you ask somebody who is responsible for receivables, you will get a different answer than you will get here because if you go and you ask somebody running one of our niche businesses, which remember may only be $80 million in revenue, who's responsible for receivables, because he is going to say [ridge Betty] [ph], and she's been here this long, and she knows that and so there's a focus level here that is just very helpful.
John Humphrey: Yes, I think we've reached the end of our -- the end of our time. So I want to thank everyone for your participation today and we look forward to talking to you again in three months.
