John Humphrey: Thank you, Brian. Next slide, going to the MHA overview slide. So talk a little bit about this acquisition, which we do expect to close later in the week. So all the regulatory approval has already been obtained on that. So MHA is the largest provider of services and technology and a network for the alternate site health care markets. An alternate site, for those of you on the phone, just means nonhospital settings. So all the places where care is being delivered in a nonacute care, nonhospital type of setting. What they really provide is a whole suite of tools and technologies, which include GPO services, includes reimbursement tools, software specific to pharmacy solutions and the largest network for processing and adjudicating Medicare Part D claims, and they provide that for all of their customers across multiple classes of trade. And those are delivered with the largest and most comprehensive customer service team, which enables their customers to both increase revenue through getting better reimbursements and faster reimbursements and also to lower costs by being able to purchase more effectively and efficiently across the network that MHA is able to provide to them. They do have the #1 position in all of their served niche markets, which include long-term care pharmacists, home infusion, specialty pharmacy, assisted living locations, all of the places where care is being delivered in a nonhospital setting. Next slide. Going into a few more of the kind of facts and figures for MHA. When we talk about it being the largest alternate site health care network, this really gives a glimpse of the scale that MHA has with a customer base of about 12,000 different customers, 47,000 different locations. And they enable the purchasing volume for all of those current locations, which exceeds $5 billion annually. And MHA is able to have a share in that, and that's how they're able to generate revenue. And as I said, they do process almost 35% of all Medicare Part D claims in the country with the network that they're providing for their customers. Over 120 million annual pharmacy and drug interactions that are being analyzed and delivered and the large customer service workforce. And that workforce is more than just sales people. They really act as consultants that enables their customer success, so they're able to run the business more effectively. And that high degree of customer intimacy is one of the sustainable real advantages that MHA has in the marketplace. On the right side, you can see the breakdown of the customers and the end markets that they're serving. About half of their customers are in long-term care pharmacy. The long-term care facility, that also includes assisted living centers. And that's generally around food that's being purchased but also other things in those long-term care facilities. The alternate site care includes such thing as specialty pharmacy, home infusion, respiratory therapy, et cetera. And then that other smaller slice that says technology is really the network and the other software and enabling tools that MHA is providing to its customers that allows them to run their business more effectively. Now the end market that we see here has a number of very durable and diverse growth drivers, including favorable demographic trends. Except for the people on the phone, everyone else in the country is getting a little older. And these alternate site care markets are in low-cost care setting. So as more care is being delivered outside of the hospital setting, that's a favorable trend that's impacting this end market. And we continue to expect to see market share gains based upon the value, the scale that MHA has in the classes of trade that they serve and the strong customer service, high intimacy consulting type of sales process that they have. And this niche market still provides what we think are very complementary acquisition opportunities. MHA has done a few of those in their history, and we would expect to continue that process as we go forward. So there's a couple of slides about MHA, who they are, who they serve and what they provide. And I'll turn it back over to Brian to talk a little bit about the acquisition and how it fits.
John Humphrey: Yes. So none of their contracts are performance-based. Most of the things you're talking about, this idea of exclusivity is more of acute care hospital type of GPO -- I mean, very little as far as MHA's contracts with their customers are exclusive and none of them are performance-based.
John Humphrey: We see a lot of disruptive technologies and saw them all during our diligence process. I mean, they have a very high share, and particularly in the long-term care pharmacy space, yes, well north of 50% there. But it's still -- they have the largest share also in the long-term care facilities around food purchasing, but that's a relatively small share. So there's still quite a bit of headroom to grow in the long-term care facility and assisted living areas. And then we just see the positive drivers associated with demographic trends and more care being delivered in nonhospital settings as population ages. So those are positive benefits. And then those share gains, particularly on the LTCF side of their business, are things that we think will drive their growth going forward.
John Humphrey: Sure. I mean, yes, you're right, as far as the math and the way that it rolls out. So with kind of down 3% in the first quarter, we're expecting second quarter to be up kind of in the low single-digit range on an organic basis, 1%, 2%, 3%. And then the back half is in the high single-digit range, driven by the orders that we received in the first quarter. So that provides a nice backlog and contracts and projects to execute against in the RF segment. And then just some modestly improving areas, some new product introductions, and frankly, a little bit of easier comps as we get toward Q3 and Q4 in some of the imaging and industrial segments.
John Humphrey: It's actually both. So we will have incremental amortization, obviously, of the intangibles upon acquisition. But the earnings before that amortization and interest in other things is consistent between our ownership and theirs. And just to clarify that $95 million is under the first 12 months of our ownership, not for the calendar year of '13.
John Humphrey: Right. Yes. So we've got the $95 million of EBITDA. And then we're right now estimating that the amortization on an annual basis will be something around $25 million.
John Humphrey: Right. Well, it's actually excluded from the $95 million, so the $95 million is before the amortization. So if you add any amortization, it comes down to $75 million or $70 million.
John Humphrey: Yes. That's a really good question. So the areas that we have the best visibility into are the ones where we also had some of the best order growth this quarter. So in the RF segment, which has a little bit longer lead time between order receipt and revenue and project execution, so that's the area that I would say that we probably have the highest degree of confidence in, because most of what we're going to be shipping out and delivering in the back half is largely in backlog already today. And then as we kind of step away from that and see that one of the areas where we have a little bit less visibility because we're faster between order to delivery, those areas are more in our industrial and energy markets. And so we have a number of things that are going on there. Our compressor controls is very similar to RF in terms of its backlog and visibility. But some of the other areas there, it's not unusual to have a order to revenue cycle that would be measured in weeks, not months. But we do have visibility in terms of the new products that we're introducing and what we expect the uptake rate to be there. But I wouldn't say that our view on the second half, as we stand here today, is any different than our view would have been on the second half as we stood here at this time last year. So we have similar visibility today as we would at any other time as we look 6 to 9 months out. And that kind of tries to give some sense of where we have better visibility and things that still have to happen in order to achieve our earnings guidance for the year.
John Humphrey: Well, in terms of the portfolio meaning the businesses, they've remained intact. We haven't really done anything about exiting a category. We did a very modest amount of restructuring in the third quarter of last year and even a little less in the fourth quarter. Most of that was in the energy business, which is why energy's first quarter had higher margins and why we're seeing they'll have still higher margins again sequentially in the second quarter. Those businesses that were down, and they were only a few, the big down is just this contract cancellation that -- going through the pipeline here. And so the others aren't down all that much. Where they are down, they're deleveraging at about 30% with gross margins at 50%. So that would tell you that their costs are quite fine in terms of being in line. And since we don't have a lot of heavy assets, if we had to make an adjustment, we can be very nimble compared to most other people because most of our assets go home at night.
John Humphrey: So on a post-close basis, I mean, obviously, we'll be borrowing -- a substantial portion of our $1 billion will be borrowed under the revolver. And then that will put us kind of at a debt to EBITDA level of somewhere in the 2.5, 2.6 range, very consistent with our existing ratings and with our long-term commitment to continue to be an investment grade-rated company. So I don't really see an awful lot of pressure there. And then also you see we did raise our operating cash flow guidance for the year up to $800 million. So with the vast majority of that being in the U.S., we'll use that to pay down debt through the year and continue to build capacity with growing EBITDA to continue to do what we've been doing for the past 5, 10 years as well.
John Humphrey: So it is a $1.5 billion revolver, and this will -- if all of this is drawn, so it'd be $1 billion. So we still have $500 million available under the revolver plus the cash that we'll generate through the year.
John Humphrey: I don't know if we can do that. Let me check. And if we have approval to give any color on the size of those contract wins, then I'll be able to get back in touch with you.
John Humphrey: So the majority -- in fact, the vast majority of their revenue is an administrative fee on that purchase volume. And that purchase volume has -- there are a couple of different parts to that. You've got the long-term care pharmacy side, where the overall purchase volume has probably been flat over the past couple of years, primarily because of some branded drugs that have gone to generic, kind of that big change, particularly around one drug called SEROQUEL happened last year. So that change over the last couple of years has impacted the pharmacy side. On the long-term care facility side, where most of the purchases are around food, that's been growing at a single-digit -- a mid-single-digit rate on the overall purchase. But MHA has been growing faster than that due to share gains.
John Humphrey: Time will tell. We'll be able to talk more clearly about that after we have the third and fourth quarter. But I do want to follow up on one earlier question, Rick, I'm sorry. So just to your question around deferred revenue, the answer is no. There's not really a deferred revenue component for MHA. There will be some noise with respect to how purchase accounting treats some of the revenue that MHA has. That's why our guidance is on a non-GAAP basis. We're going to be adding some of that revenue back that will not be recognized due to purchase accounting rules. And after we close on the business, we'll be able to know exactly how much that is and talk more clearly and have some additional schedules available at the second quarter close that will describe that adjustment in detail.
John Humphrey: And then with your respect to your other question, John. So the book-to-bill ratio at 1.15 for the segment, I mean, that is above our norm. We would expect that over time to trend to closer to 1. And it will be based upon the timing of project orders in the RF segment as we go into the second half. Obviously, as some of these orders that we just received ship out in the third and fourth quarter, those will start to bring that ratio back down.
John Humphrey: Okay. Thank you, all, for joining us, and we do look forward to talking to you at the end of the second quarter as well.
Brian D. Jellison: Yes. The integration is fine. It's just a world-class organization, and we've had nothing but a marvelous time working with the Sunquest people. But the adoption of the software upgrades that they're getting is occurring at a faster pace, I think, than they expected. And as a result, their ability to execute against those and get the implementation needs to improve. And they're making some structural changes around people and who's driving what so that they can get better focus on that because we could actually escalate their growth if we can get out there to get those new customers onboard. It's a customer integration, not a Roper to Sunquest integration question.
Brian D. Jellison: We're seeing a pretty clear pathway of growth there. And we're enabling a lot of people to be successful in a marketplace that probably wouldn't be able to survive without the productivity that MHA allows them to deliver.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, I think a couple of years ago, we said we already knew where the next $5 billion of investment would be. It's just that you never know whether you're going to close the gap or things work out. In this case, having done Sunquest at $1.4 billion in August and MHA at $1 billion this month, at $2.5 billion, we're sort of halfway there. We're hoping that things that we would like to do are still going to be available to us over the next 2 or 3 years. So I don't think there's any question. We've still got another $2.5 billion or $3 billion to go. But I don't think much of that would be this year.
Brian D. Jellison: Let me just add to that, Joe, that the -- our book and ship businesses actually did quite fine. And our book and ship businesses are motoring along. What we wanted to see and we were fortunate to have it occur is that these longer lead time businesses, which really are compressor control and our toll and traffic businesses, in some cases CBORD projects, all are coming in favorably now. That's where -- there was more risk in those things for the year than there are in some of these book and ship businesses. And our bellwethers that would worry us, that would say there's some weakness -- are seeing some of that on the instrument side that's CapEx-related but not anything on the service and parts and consumable side. So we -- that's the reason we were willing to stick with the organic guidance we had here when we raised our overall sales to 11% to 13% for the year.
Brian D. Jellison: Yes. It would be safe to say that RF will lead the organic growth profile by a wide margin. You'll get -- you'll struggle to get past mid-digits in industrial and you'll get high single-digits in energy and medical, and double-digits in RF.
Brian D. Jellison: That's true. It is just relative. The situation there is you do have easier comps for the research market businesses. But we're not expecting anything great out of those. It's just a little better. And they did have a weaker Q1. And what really happens in the medical segment is in the fourth quarter, Sunquest becomes organic. So we acquired it in August, so it's finally going to lap itself and it will drive some additional growth in that segment.
Brian D. Jellison: I think even though we're down 3% organically, it's really all just this contract situation, getting rid of that. And the imaging, which we expected to be soft, I think we were generally encouraged that the consumption stuff with consumables in those businesses that were weaker with instruments was as strong as it was. So it's not suggesting that people are slowing down their activity but maybe postponing their purchases. Our stuff tends to be above MRO and below capital spending. But it's easy to defer the instrument purchases for a period of time.
Brian D. Jellison: If you call $12 million on its base, the answer is yes. Down double-digits last year, and they're continuing their trend.
Brian D. Jellison: All of medical is the duck on the water, right? So everything looks fine. But the feet are moving fast, so there are different product lines that are doing better than others. Anything that has consumables with it is still doing really well. Some of the product businesses are more mixed. So you've got from negative single-digits to modest growth. We've got some new products that are coming on board, so we feel on balance pretty decent about the medical device side of the business.
Brian D. Jellison: There's 2 kinds of leverage here, right? So one, as we said, one of the reasons that we did better in the first quarter in RF is the quality of the project execution that they have, which is service-related. The second is the margin on product sold. So when you look at a particular situation, like Florida has a lot of tag sales, so the margins associated with the Florida order will be higher than the Virginia order, where the Virginia order has more labor content, which is really almost design and build, if you will. So you're not going to have huge margins there, but you do have spread variances on your execution. And I would say not long ago, we put a new President in at TransCore that's a career expert. Tracy Marks is doing an incredible job. And he's really built a very fine team. We've kind of done some structural things to get more attention on contract execution, and that's starting to pay benefits. So I think we'll see in the second half better leverage on contracts than we enjoyed in the last couple of years. But they still will be the lowest-margin businesses we have just because there's so much labor content in them that they're not high-margin businesses.
Brian D. Jellison: From what we've heard from competitors, they didn't do very well first quarter and we did quite well. So people will have to sort out whatever they think the forces at work are. I don't know, I just know that we continue to grow with the exception of the contract cancellation and have double-digit growth in the United States in water meters.
