Brian D. Jellison: And then, you had an unusual situation with a large book boarded for (25:07) the tunnel project. If you took that out, then organic orders are more or like 6% or something like that...
Brian D. Jellison: ...I think that the improvement in Medical was pretty good. The people think about the Sunquest lab business, but it's actually the Acute Care Software business and it's doing really well, it's just that the lab business has been on the laggard for the last two years organically even though it's continued to be improve, but the ancillary things around it are growing at double-digits. So, they are getting bigger and their growth is organic and it comes in and you see stronger support. Same thing, we went through a little bit of a hiccup in MHA at the beginning of 2016, and we're constantly monitoring drug issues and pricing and what's happening with generics, and what's happening with the things we serve, which are not the big risk drug things. So, MHA is improving a bit, but the two software components that go into home health and alternate site treatment for people are performing exceptionally well. Again, these are sort of double-digit growers. So, I think that's good and then we had – generally our CBORD business does really well in Q2, and that's most of the year, but it had pretty good Q4. There is a level of optimism. Throughout our reviews that we do each business, a year ago, people were really apprehensive and nervous and you don't get that from anybody. So, I think as Rob and myself, and John and Paul put these numbers together for the year, our governance model creates what you see in the way of guidance. Maybe there will be some better euphoria throughout the year, but we're not banking on it.
Brian D. Jellison: Yeah. As far as the reporting convention, it's always been in our number. So this is not a change. We've decided to split it away from the payables and accruals line in order to show the increase in that deferred revenue side. I mean, look, there is always more opportunity on all these line items, right, whether it's receivables or inventory or payables. But I do think most of the future improvement will continue to be the growth that we see in software and we get paid in advance for that. And so that continues to build the deferred revenue balance. I anticipate that's where we'll see most of the incremental change. Of course the change in the first quarter will be substantial, because we'll be able to roll in a full quarter of deferred revenue for ConstructConnect and Deltek in addition to their revenue.
Brian D. Jellison: No, I don't. All you can see is that the rate of decline improved. It was still down year-over-year except for those orders. So, I think we think it's going to be flat to low single-digit growth in 2017. But of the businesses we have that were involved in it, we really only see one of them that still has headwinds going into 2017, and that's our compressor control business which has – it has a lot of service content, but on the new applications, it still has to struggle quite a bit. And you had rig counts were up a little bit, so that you get a little bit of improvement at Roper Pump, but it's not – the materiality of Energy in 2017 is it won't be a headwind.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, I think that just because it is historically a little light in the first quarter, and now it's really strong in the second quarter, the rest of the year. So I think organic is, Q1 and Q4 would be 3% to 4%, and Q2 and Q3 would be 4% to 5% or 6% or something like that. So, for the year, we're like 3% to 5% with maybe a little hope for upside.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, I think, our focus would be to continue to compound the cash, right. So, the more we can grow in software and network businesses, the happier we are, because they just inherently are going to throw off more cash that we can reinvest for further compounding in the future than the products businesses. But our products businesses are about half of the EBITDA. Now a chunk of that, a notable chunk of that, is our medical products businesses. And then you've got the instrumentation businesses and you've got the oil and gas related stuff. We may enjoy a little bit of a cyclical spike on oil and gas, but it won't materially affect the balance of the company's EBITDA profile. Our businesses, as I said, you just look at the OP alone in the fourth quarter between Energy and Industrial is 30.5%. So we love the businesses. They are positive cash. They don't have much amortization in them, but moving the needle on compounding cash will come from software and networks.
Brian D. Jellison: So let's deal with the border tax side first. There is not much. There we do have some assembly operations in Mexico that we get subcomponents from, for one, two of our businesses. But it's not a lot. Most of our international businesses are selling globally and our domestic businesses don't export. I mean, they're really not domestic business, they're global businesses. The locus might be here in the U.S., but they have manufacturing operations outside the U.S. So and then – and they could ship for many of them. So I don't think the border tax would be a lot. We did sort of a back of the napkin kind of assessment about that would be. Probably 75% to 80% of our operating profit will be generated in the United States. So, if we're telling you about 30% blended tax rate, the U.S. tax rate of course is 35% and above, so you can kind of do the math on our net earnings number and look at 80% of it and then take a 20% reduction of that or a 10% reduction or whatever you think and then add back the increased cost of the border tax and net-net it would be quite a material increase in our cash.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, I think that all of our professional services businesses, including these last two acquisitions; ConstructConnect...
Brian D. Jellison: ...and Deltek could be dramatically benefited by the number of seats and the number of users that would want to get access to those technologies, particularly at Deltek with the Costpoint technology, which is ubiquitous for people that supply the government and that would be very helpful. In the tolling area, it's interesting. There is actually – we've gone through this huge technology transformation to our sticker tags away from what other people get stuck with with the plastic box from Austria. And that had a huge roll out in all of the big tolling stage. And so that's sort of behind us, that roll out, so you just have the maintenance, the maintenance is huge. The number of reorders, we're always amazed where will all these tags go. So it's good, but the project growth in infrastructure could well be in our trans-suite software and traffic management arena, that's really what the Saudi project is. And the electronic tolling project in New York, for instance, doesn't have – it's all electronic, so there is no tags on it.
Brian D. Jellison: So it would definitely help us, particularly in revenue, probably not help us as much as it would have historically in the margin where people are also using the tags, but that's – it would be favorable to us. And then I think if you get – you got the various elements that appear to be going through that would get us back into production around shale, we came down to $165 million in two years in Energy and Industrial. We won't go back up to $165 million, but we won't be going down, we might go up more than we think. So that's a little bit of a question mark for us.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, I think you just have the situation around, we got all the interest cost in Q1 for Deltek and its contribution doesn't come in as much until Q2 and beyond.
Brian D. Jellison: So it's kind of tiny, right? But, in reality, first quarter guidance is about 22% of the full year guidance, and that's not that unusual. You would be aware that Q1 was 25% of the full year, right.
Brian D. Jellison: So the – a few years ago, people would remember, I said we already know the next $5 billion we want to deploy, it's just a question of when it happens. So we've done that all and we've (43:28) really got these things. The good news is we still know where the next $5 billion deployment needs to be and they are, and when they are ready to be assimilated. So, I think over the – if you look at 2017, 2018 and 2019, I would think we deploy about $4 billion, just not much of it in 2017, where we want to pay back existing debt to EBITDA unless there is some other source of cash that comes up that we haven't talked about. We're looking to pay down that debt level by $700 million or more, and that still gives us room for bolt-on for this year and then much larger acquisitions in 2018 and 2019 and the compounded cash is coming up and we self-generated the ability to do $1.5 billion a year. We just want to get our debt holders comfortable as this year unfolds.
Brian D. Jellison: We look at it differently than hypothesis therein from our perch. If we look at M&A just sort of as a category of activity, the big question is, is interest going to be deductible in some kind of change in U.S. tax. So, if interest isn't going to be deductible, you can imagine what are the effects that has on private equity as we're thinking about what sort of multiples are going to put to work. So, if you're accustomed to putting seven times and eight times debt-to-EBITDA and getting a tax deduction for that, that gives you massive ability to compete with strategics. If you lose the interest deduction, your ability to compete with strategics goes down. If you remove one of the biggest acquirer of entities from the market, the strategics should have a field day. Now, that said, most of the multi industry people have very complicated import/export arrangement. So, I would imagine that they got a lot of issues with the border tax, painfully we don't. I think the M&A environment for us, as interest rates go up irrespective of whether you can deduct the interest, as interest rates go up, we're in a better position with each passing month that occurs because we have so much self-generated free cash flow. And if we do acquisitions with our own cash flow and lever of about three times debt-to-EBITDA, which is our model, we wind up with purchase powder requiring very little, if any, new debt of about $1.5 billion a year. And that's why I'm very comfortable saying I think over the next three years or a month or two beyond that we'll deploy $4 billion as it's easy for us. We're going to do it in acquiring things that are going to compound their cash. And so we keep getting more cash to reinvest as opposed to having to do big debt structures. So that'd be my best answer.
Brian D. Jellison: There is a lot of bid activity and there is a lot of sweat equity that goes into things. I mean we sell the Title 21 tags into California. I mean, I mean I would do (48:01) the Bay Bridge. We had various other traffic projects that are currently under quote. But I wouldn't say that we have seen – we've seen a big increase in the last two years in terms of quotations and project opportunities. But we haven't seen something in the last two months that – it's a big deal. I think that we'd want to be careful that, if you look at total transportation spending, the tolling and traffic side is not a big percentage of that total, right. But nonetheless, if it goes up, there is more money available, we'll get more growth than we have now.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, we haven't seen any fall-off at all in Neptune. It's probably going to grow at mid single-digits in 2017, and it continues to have good cash performance. So there's a little bit of headwind for people that don't, aren't vertically integrated like we are around copper pricing. So, I think our competitors'll probably struggle more than we will. We're in good shape.
Brian D. Jellison: I think that would just always be related to the quality of what it was that we saw. And the things that we are sort of hoping to acquire over the next three years, none of them are available today at noon, so it's not in a situation that we have to really be bothered with. But, we continue to monitor everything and have routine conversations. If you get the share price up here to what it's really worth given all this cash, a consideration, I suppose, but I wouldn't issue equity today.
Brian D. Jellison: No. We don't have standard products, right? We're an application oriented company, so you don't call up and order the same thing you bought last year. You might have recurring revenue, there may be some built-in maintenance fees associated with batter and SaaS. There may be some annual escalation. But, we're not a product company with standard products. Even the products that we have are pretty unique products and so they don't tend to have a standard price list that people can work off of. There is a few exceptions to that, but not many.
Brian D. Jellison: No. We'd expect the market is smart enough, we believe it is to get the value for us – for Neptune being worth more than any of the other water companies, it's imputed in our price. There could be other businesses we have that are different. Neptune is very different. We're going to move that increasingly into technology and all kinds of exciting things going on there, which we're not going to talk about openly until it's too late for people to respond. But, I will say, when you look at some of the deeper product businesses, the legacy product businesses or some of the instrumentation businesses, you can see something happen there, but people would have to basically pay our tax. So, if the tax burden goes down to the acquirer then, hey, maybe there are more areas, I don't know.
John Humphrey: (27:22) But no, Roper Pump is still negative on orders and revenue in the fourth quarter, but sequentially a little bit better, but year-over-year it's still a headwind.
John Humphrey: I don't expect there would be any carryover. Remember, we did adjust out the substantial by acquisition expenses in the fourth quarter for both Deltek and ConstructConnect. And so what you see there as far as the variance on a year-over-year basis is, frankly, our stock price is higher, and so our equity compensation expense is higher as a result. We expect that to be somewhere in the range of $140 million, the total for the corporate G&A line, about $140 million for 2017, reflecting the increase in equity compensation primarily.
John Humphrey: As soon as we see a proposal, we can give you a much better answer, but the elements of exactly whatever tax change all this is headlines in the newspaper so far.
John Humphrey: (49:27) that water utilities are generally self-contained, in terms of, they charge for water. And they use that revenue in order to basically maintain the system. And so, it's generally not been subject to the larger swings and municipal budget spending, it's generally its own little P&L inside the municipal world.
John Humphrey: So, I think the way to think about this is it depends on where it comes from, Rick. I mean, you're absolutely right. To the extent that we have more growth from the software businesses, that will come in at 50%, maybe even above that. Across the enterprise, I think what you will see is that we'll have somewhere between 35% and 50% to 55% incrementals depending on where it comes from. And I would say that the decrementals that we saw on the Energy side, they may be (52:28) high relative to others, but they were actually low relative to our gross margin, right. So, we still de-levered at a rate below our gross margins. (52:38) We're able to take the cost out ahead of just what the decline in revenue would have resulted in. Thus, we think that we did a nice job, I think our businesses did a nice job on the decremental side there. Even though it's a probably higher number than most other companies, but that's a margin discussion rather than a (52:57) discussion.
John Humphrey: And the other thing that with – and what we do look up with respect to price is really what's the value capture that we're able to get inside the niche markets and applications that we have. If you just look at the Industrial Technology segment by itself, the gross profit margin I think is the thing to look at when you think about value and price and cost and things like that. And our Industrial Technology business is actually a 50.6% gross margin in 2016, up 80 basis points from where it was in 2015. Energy Systems & Controls still clicking along at 57% gross profit margin. So, I mean folks who try to say price as a discrete measure, just follow their gross margin and see if any of that price really shows up there, that's how we think about it rather than having standard price list and what a nominal price change might be advertised at. The proof is in the gross profit margin.
John Humphrey: I think what you'll see us do is move to a segment profit description, which would add back the non-cash purchase accounting related amortization in order to be able to have the same comparability for all the same reasons at the total.
John Humphrey: Yeah. So, of course, Deltek is not included in our organic results or forecast for 2017, that will all be acquisition-related. On an apples-to-apples basis, for sure we have to take what their prior results were in the – with a little bit of grayness of salt. But, we expect that we are a mid single-digit grower. I think they're reporting something a little bit higher than that, but we expect mid single-digit organic growth on a long-term basis out of that acquisition.
Charles Stephen Tusa: On albeit the Trump stuff, I'm sure you guys have done a little bit of analysis. You got, obviously, had kind of a bunch of different subsidiaries that kind of roll up into the total. So it's hard for us to tell, but you do have a lot of U.S. related revenue. So what kind of impact would it have on your tax rate, if you did have kind of a lowering to that 15% to 20% range? And then, I think exports are like 13%ish of your revenues. Is there a material import component that offsets that? It's the first question.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Yeah, and Twitter feeds or whatever, your handles or whatever you call them. On the infrastructure side kind of same question, I guess sort of the same topic. Assuming – if they do something, I would assume that the kind of the tolling business would perhaps be exposed there with any other businesses there, they will be positively exposed to any of this infrastructure discussion that's out there. Again, there is no official proposal, but assuming they do spend on some of the roads and bridges and things like that.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Yes. Okay. Well, it's helpful, you guys give, a lot of companies don't give the quarterly guidance. So it's helpful to level set people and get everybody on the same page. So I appreciate that. Thanks a lot.
