Brian Jellison: Hey, I think we’re not going to provide any real guidance until we closed out the year. We generally do that with the year-end report. But I do think we were really taken by the -- we have a very formal quarterly review process. We talked to everyone of our P&L people. And when we talk to them in August, we were actually down 9% in orders in August and we were up late July, September. They were positive obviously or we would have the kind of performance you saw. People were really apprehensive I guess. And we are that kind of behind that so people are worried about that, but all of the customer contacts relatively favorable. Europe has performed a little better than we might have expected the industrial businesses with 10% organic growth in the third quarter, which kind of competing. We know what are challenges are in 2013. We will have some struggling activity unless founding starts picked up and Neptune that we need to overcome. But our toll and traffic businesses are going to be more robust next year then they have been. The medical scenario is going to be better. We have some great clarity around various things we are doing there. The CBORD is going to win at major Northeastern University that we can’t get announced. It’s very important, a large opportunity for us. We have some things that are going on in projects that we know are going to come to fruition. So we -- all those things that are negative, we kind of have those cooked out in our opinion unless there are some kind of much more precipitous falloff and so new field we are comfortable, I would say going into 2013 than we have it anytime this year.
Brian Jellison: Well, we are taking some actions. But I don’t think that the sequester would have much effect because these are not really defense-related businesses. They are really research applications going mostly to university markets. I think that the U.S. is a fairly small part of where those businesses survey less than a third of low revenue. So, sequester would have any impact as it relates to Europe and Asia, which is where the lion share of our revenue, where those camera business resides. The other thing is it that they are of course better than other peoples businesses. They are -- the worst portion of the margin side of our OP in the company. So if they are down, they don’t have a kind of negative spin. It’s not quite having any of the other businesses -- have negative variances. So, they are really getting to the point where they have very little effect on the overall enterprise.
Brian Jellison: With the gifted statistician such as your software read out to you to back into it, if they were modestly favorable. Our overall build to the year by the way is 101 and so we are preparing for all this, we are looking at that fasting owing to -- in the last five or six quarters, we’ve been all over the math. We used to say that our book-to-bill would be 0.97 or 1.03. And so certainly on our trailing basis, we’re right in that sweet spot. But we had number of quarters. In the last six month, we’ve been sort of outside the margin. And so the projects stop -- if we stop reporting orders, we wouldn’t have to waste time talking about it. But things are fine, they are going to continue to be good.
Brian Jellison: Well, I think you are right as far as the relative mix and we continue to grow with higher margin areas. Sunquest comes in above the company average operating profit margin. So, that give us a little bit tailwind, but even ups and down we still saw margin expansion in the segment as we continue to grow in medical versus the lower margin camera businesses. And the nice thing about those -- for the nice thing well, few nice things about this camera business is they do have a pretty variable cost structure. So the reason of large -- fixed cost they need to have restructuring actions, so they are able to flex some of their operating expenses revenue.
Brian Jellison: I think the -- this is somebody we have been working with for a while and this is a much larger rollout and will normally be the case in terms of the size, which will be apparent when we finally get around announcing it, because its not a small campus environment. And while they see a lot of connectivity point. We continue to grow at the expense as a competitor in this arena and anyone that to close to those market spaces know that we’ve been gaining share and expect to continue to gain share, because our folks are really focused on the space and are compromised with other possible things that this one competition seems to be involved with. So it’s really beneficial, competitive environment if you will for CBORD that they are ceasing on. And we continue to beef up our delivery capability in CBORD and we had a quite a bit of talent in the project management arena. We have promoted somebody into a key role there and we’re quite happy with the way they are focused. I think our new software executive and we have a business development chief architect that can help people think creatively about how to expand their existing product offerings as well. So, I think it’s going to be a long-term continuing contributor to the company.
Brian Jellison: Yeah. I think that’s still in our future to determine exactly what the rollout in the implementation schedule will be. Because there are different parts of the CBORD project. There would be the software portion, which of course that’s the large occurring nature to that. And then also in many cases security systems will have installation that have to be schedule around other activity in the campus environment. So, I think the implementation schedule is still in front of us to be able to determine that with the customer.
Brian Jellison: Sure. A couple of different things, one very good tag shipments, which always helps our toll and traffic business, but then also the addition of our and the growth in our software businesses.
Brian Jellison: We have a lot of recurring revenue, but then also come in generally with a little better than the margin performance that our toll and traffic and particularly the projects side of our toll and traffic business. And so with the combination of mix, plus also some costs actions and some other things that we had that we were expensive last year than they are this year. So, we’ve had that tailwind through the first three quarter and expect that to continue in the fourth as well.
Brian Jellison: The things we are delivering are not highly expensive. They are really -- we don’t need to think how it was capital items at all. It might be a capital projects that’s driving purchase of the instrumentation software that we sell, but Europe in total for the company not just energy it’s down to 15% of Q3 revenue.
Brian Jellison: So did you ask was this little over 60%? Actually Europe, we include some what other people would call Middle Eastern markets, some of that goes through Europe because of arrangements we have inevitably with some people and absolute number. Probably, John can give better numbers.
Brian Jellison: I think I mentioned in the segment commentary the thing its really changing in our compressor control businesses is adding additional of project work. We are getting this very high level of field service which is becoming more of annuity on a continuing basis. And we are way more resources than we ever had to do that. That actually depresses the -- what you perceive as organic growth, of course, because it just normalized in here more like one of our software business. Other than that, we haven’t seen any follow up and what people want to do around compressor control. We continue to have couple of bolt-on acquisitions we did United Controls and Trinity Software that have had -- they could be doing more roles than they have in the past. And I think we’ll some spike up and that will help us to. So we would probably expect little better orders over the next six months than we’ve had in the last six.
Brian Jellison: Yeah. Our total stuff in Texas, we had a very large contract that we won in the second quarter and we expect that we would have been doing some delivery by now and there are some things going on with tolling authority that are moving things around and they are not ready for delivery yet. So that’s getting pushed out to probably, I don’t know, first quarter of next year. A tiny chance we might get a little bit out here in the fourth quarter, but we are assuming it’s one of the 2013, it actually give benefit to us because…
Brian Jellison: We worked opposite. This is just locked. When we were preparing our guidance for the third quarter, we were thinking we’ll get $5 million to $10 million out of this particular project and we didn’t get anything that we could offer.
Brian Jellison: I mean, if that’s what happens, then you are right with respect to the margin benefit. I’m not at all going where you are as far as toll and traffic been a flat business. I think they have a lot of opportunities in front of them. They have the number of solutions that they continue to deploy. People around the world are looking for ways to reduce congestion and generate revenue from their existing infrastructure. I think that the trends in their business are favorable. It’s not all the question of whether austerity overwhelms that, but I don’t think it does. So, I’m not going where you are as far as it being a flat business.
Brian Jellison: Well, it’s really in -- more in academic and research arena where we have almost, a lot of our sales ultimately are going to China, but through Japanese and Taiwanese distribution or technology companies. Certainly the political situation that has escalated on the rhetoric basis between Japanese and Chinese less than helpful for people. So we are -- we were curious as to whether that’s going to get resolved anytime soon, but doesn’t it -- it makes us a little more cautious about some of our end markets in particular area. But remember, Matt, as you know, I mean, it’s a very small part of the overall company. But we do like to point out things that seem to be trend changes and that is a something we had not heard prior to the third quarter from people that I think are insightful. So kind of just alluring you that it could be a headwind.
Brian Jellison: It doesn’t really need if its people related. So it’s just a matter of, we have seen an opportunity to expand our field service business for a lot of reasons. The people want to focus on capital equipment, which is very lumpy and they are leaving behind an opportunity to give out field service in this area, which we are picking out at a fast pace. So that requires a little bit of investment for people, but not massive one. They are expensive people because of where they are physically located. And then in terms of the order processes, they are always lumpy in CCC. There is not anything you can do about that, people order their technology from us with a long lead time. So it’s not unusual to get an 18-month out order, we only book things that are shippable within 12 months. So we don’t create a massive backlog and stuff that isn’t going to hit our next forward 12 months of activity. And we have a very strong knowledge about who we are working with in various CCC projects and what the likely outcome is going to be. Those tend not to be so much what equity projects. I mean you are kind of working with somebody from a design viewpoint where you’ll likely get the order, we would not lose many orders that we are involved with.
Brian Jellison: Yeah. That’s exactly. That $0.04 is related to the deferred revenue fair value adjustment as revenue out of the acquisition we would have recorded.
Brian Jellison: I think August was an aberration. When you scoop it out, the third quarter was maybe 2% below what we would have outpouring. We actually know that that was more project oriented. But in the middle of the quarter, we were apprehensive because we don’t want -- maybe there is some kind of falloff and we have really seen that. So we’re kind of back to a reasonable September and a reasonable July.
Brian Jellison: Remember, this is only a few of our businesses are going to bounce around like that. I mean, the medical businesses that are more secular in nature, most of are up other than the lumpy side of the projects. It’s pretty secular in nature with growth. So if you have a falloff in industrial energy, it’s almost always rebounds in the fourth quarter in energy. Any way, we’ll have a lot of things that people would want to invest in with them on budgets and other arenas.
John Humphrey: Yeah. That’s largely severance-related actions, so it was right at $2 million in the quarter. Once again, with the asset license of this model, we don’t really have the larger restructuring charges that taken off a lot of time to a, implement and b, realize the benefits from. So those are severance related actions with couple of the businesses.
John Humphrey: Yeah. Just to check, Steve so as far as energy is concerned just for that segment Europe was actually up almost 10% on organic basis. Remember we do have some OEMs. They are still generally weak on some of the refining in the markets but we have some OEMs there that survey global marketplace. So our destination revenue goes to Europe but their destination revenue were fairly top of that goes all over the world that is continued to be driven by North American and Middle East activity more so than Europe. And so Europe we look at it across the entire company was kind of flat and organic basis versus last year.
John Humphrey: Next headwind of 5% or 6%. So on reported basis, it was down, but you strip out that FX impact. We were kind of the same as last year and we still refining the headwind of course got to find. So our argue would be the Europe was a little bit better than what we saw in the second quarter. Having said that, second quarter was a pretty low part of deal to jump over.
John Humphrey: Yeah. I think, that’s, I mean, that’s the generally the case, Rick. But also as we look at the book-to-bill ratio inside the company, the major drivers really are project driven business, not the things that we are more book in turn inside of a shorter window. And as you know, we always keep a close eye on some of our, as we think of them our leading indicator businesses, our Struers material test business, our Dynisco business serving a number of process industries, as well as a couple of the other sensor businesses and energy. And those continue to perform well. Their book-to-bill ratio was solid in the quarter and again, I mean, August was tough, but September was better for them. So, I think that that commentary that Brian was talking about is largely around the book and ship businesses and we have the project timing things that will overlay against that.
John Humphrey: No. We think that’s a change versus the statistical. I mean those are, I believe our understanding of that is, it’s a number of patterns that have already expired and frankly, we’ve been on the leading edge of and also a lot of these interoperable solutions. We are the first people to and TransCore who were the first people to introduce multi-protocol readers. So, a tolling authority could have the opportunity of having their choice of the best tag technology and we would be believe to read any ones available. So, I don’t think that that recent announcement really effects the competitive dynamic. I think it’s just a reflection of today’s environment already.
John Humphrey: And Alex, few other thing I would add to that is that we don’t report -- there are some companies that actually report their quarter of their activity on a monthly basis because they really are better gauge and more type to near-term macro economic activity. That’s never really been our business profile. So we’re not really a good indicator for the macro world because of the niche markets that we serve and many of the things that have the secular growth tailwinds that I was talking about. So I think the -- other reason that we mentioned it was a little bit different than what we normally see but we’re not looking at month-to-month activity or week-to-week activity. We’re not that type of macro business.
John Humphrey: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us this morning and as always, we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
