Robert Crisci: Yeah, sure. Good morning, Deane. It's Rob. So, PowerPlan probably adds $0.12 to $0.13 to the second half, so that's included in the guide. We also if you look at the second half have a little bit of additional FX headwinds. We've included in there, probably $0.05 or $0.06. And a little bit higher interest cost on the fact that our revolver costs have gone up as the short-term LIBOR rates have gone up. So, that's all included in that second-half guide.
Robert Crisci: Sure. So I think when we made the announcement we said it was about a $60 million addition to cash flow on a first 12 month basis. So, that's without the financing costs. And so again here is where you – do you apply the cash from PowerPlan to that, do you apply interest rate, so we – as you know, sort of the corporate balance sheet is separate from the individual acquisition. So, the company will deliver $60 million, less the financing costs, however you want to apply that.
Robert Crisci: Yeah, Steve. I think you're right. So, we did outline last quarter, right, the lumpiness in Q1 around some onetimers, when we got paid with some of the big TransCore projects and some cash onetimers. So, you're right, we made that up in the second quarter, really nice growth, and we'd expect strong growth in Q3 and Q4. So, when we get on the full year basis, we should be approaching double-digit growth for cash flow on a full-year basis. So, it should be pretty strong in the second half.
Robert Crisci: Yes. So the book-to-bill and order performance in those segments where it matters Industrial we're actually 1.0 book-to-bill. So good orders in places like Neptune and Roper Pump, so that gives us more encouragement, as we mentioned, for continued another double-digit quarter in the third.
Robert Crisci: Yeah, so a little bit more difficult comp in the third quarter of the RF on the tolling, as Brian mentioned. And then, a little bit more difficult comps in Q4 across some of the Industrial and Energy markets. And then we do have timing of those Imaging shipments are very heavy in Q3 so that drives that segment. So yeah. I think we did tweak up the organic in the second half, probably 1 point versus previous guide. So there's a lot of gives and takes there to get you to the midpoint of our range.
Robert Crisci: Well, so let me just correct what you just said because actually the second half growth we have almost exactly the same as the first half growth, right around 7% organic, which was the same as the first half. So it is – now, one other point, we did have a very, very strong second quarter with Deltek, as we mentioned, some of the large shipments of new revenue or new recognition revenue on wins. And so some of that's probably a little bit bigger in Q2 than we originally would've had, expected that later in the year. But that would be the only other kind of one-timer. In terms of the dilution, so we'll touch on that certainly next year, but right – we would hope to deploy that capital in due course. And you got to always think about if we're going to get after-tax proceeds we're going to redeploy that. And so, that's the right time to measure the impact of a divestiture.
Robert Crisci: Yeah, that's right. So, the total of the segment – we have a better – I think still down in the second half but better than it was on the first half where it was down a little over 100 basis points.
Robert Crisci: Yeah. So that segment's well over we call over 50% re-ocurring revenue and then it will go up from there, high-50s. That's the envelope, probably high-50s.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, I think what you have to do is when we went through that list of what to look for in an acquisition, that's the same list we would look at for anything we own, right? So, the Gatan, while it's certainly the best technology available in its area and has incredible great people in it, misses on a number of our things. Many of the other longer-term businesses don't miss on those. So, let's take a pump company, if this got substantial spare parts that sort of offsets some recurring revenue stuff. Gatan has zero spare parts. Gatan is a business that was acquired in the 1990s by Roper at a time it wanted to go into areas that were scientific, really. We're not pursuing scientific areas; we're pursuing areas we feel we really know how to manage exceptionally well, and if there's any cyclical content we're totally on top of it. But Gatan's cyclicity can come out of the National Institutes of Health or Japanese investment, you can't do anything about that. And it's going to an owner where they have incredible synergies that we just don't have. So, it's a very good acquisition for the people that are buying it, and it's an appropriate sale for us.
Brian D. Jellison: We really don't have anything that's as scientific as Gatan which has no recurring revenue. If there was some business we thought was going to require additional capital investment that was unattractive, we'd certainly look at it. But we don't really don't have anything immediately for sale. I will say this, because of the Gatan sale, there's been a whole lot of new inbound calls about various businesses because I don't think anybody believed we would ever sell anything.
Brian D. Jellison: I think no question that the comps in Q4 are more difficult than focus (33:23), we had quite substantial growth in the fourth quarter of last year. That's why we're talking about kind of mid-single digit growth. Also, there was an interesting facet we've had market share gains with rental fleets this year particularly at Cornell, and they ordered earlier than normally this year. So, we don't know if that will repeat itself in the fourth quarter. If it does, we might have some upside benefit there, but that's unusual. Usually they don't start placing significant orders 'til the year is underway and they have a firm view of what they think their demand will be. So, there's some variability there but it's only to the upside, I think.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, a couple of things. Let me just start by saying, one of the benefits that happens when we acquire any one of these companies that came out of private equity is this massive relief of their customer base saying, I've always wondered what was going to be the exit, who is it going to go to, is it somebody that's going to invest in the business for growth, is it going to pay attention to customer service and enhancements. So we know Roper's going to do all of those things. So that's a home run, and it creates a much easier end market sale discussion. That's proven out a lot in a place like Aderant with our legal software. It's proven out at ConstructConnect, and it's really going to prove at PowerPlan. Now, as far as the sort of specifics around the multiple growth vessel, I'll let Neil talk a little bit about that.
Brian D. Jellison: (37:15) You've got an accounting change around operating leases. So it has a big effect on people's balance sheets. So you got a lot of people that have got new found interest in understanding every element of their operating lease programs, and PowerPlan's software helps them immeasurably there.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, it's a lumpy business. A lot of times it depends what the corresponding quarter a year ago was. And so it was outsized because of the start of the New York City transformation to cashless tolling. And then we had pretty big Q3 with Saudi last year. I mean, the contract stuff is, we're very selective on what we'll take in terms of a new customer. So we're interested in customers where we're going to really improve their ability to execute, but not every customer is driven by that. So we're going to be very selective on what we take. But we're getting double-digit growth, we think that's going to continue because all you got to do is pick up the newspaper or read about some of the horror stories of what our competitors have done to not be able to bring on anything new and wind up with millions of unpaid toll requests. So that kind of changes the competitive advantage we have because we deliver what we say we'll do; not everybody else does.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, I think that we told you on balance it's about 7% organic growth. I think each one of those segments, I could go back and look at it.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, there's certainly some new construction orders that are coming online for first time in a long time. A lot of the work is upgrade work, where people have been postponing various thing until they see a better market. And so, we've got a huge installed base. So, we're getting both upgrades and just general improvements in plans, and then some new construction orders which we think will pick up more throughout the next two or three years.
Brian D. Jellison: Just so you understand something, Gatan doesn't certainly have any recurring sales, right? So, it's just pretty much all new business all the time. And we happen to be in an up cycle for Gatan because of new technology that we developed and took place (45:43) which the marketplace is accepting. Then if you look at the segment numbers, you've got to be careful here because we've got to have the declining situation in the U.S. lab business which is exceptionally high margin. So, actually if we pulled that out and segregated it, the margins would be going up not down, because the growth is in businesses with higher margins. It's just that when you got a business whether extraordinary margins, if it's down 2% or 5%, it's hard for the rest of it to make it up. So don't confuse yourself with the idea that there's any degradation in margin enhancement in Medical because that's wrong; it's just the fall off of the U.S. lab business at extraordinary margins.
Laurence Neil Hunn: Yeah. And good morning, Chris. So, I'd first start by saying the core of what they do which is the asset and tax accounting for these very asset-intensive end markets around utilities, power generation, energy, that just by itself is still very robust and vibrant. There's a number of new products the company is developing to continue to sell and cross-sell into that end market. Over the course of the last couple of years, they've also gone into some very close adjacent markets with some success, think oil and gas, a little bit less asset-intensive but nonetheless have similar issues. Also, over the course of last couple of years they worked very hard at migrating their technology stack into the cloud which then enables them to do open an uplift opportunity where they migrate the existing on-premise customers to the cloud which is a net growth driver for PowerPlan like it is with Deltek. Part of that is because you're on boarding more responsibility for the tech stack but also, to your point, that gives you the opportunity to price a little bit more for value. And then finally with this lighter-weight implementation in the cloud, they're able to go into entirely new markets; think retail manufacturing that have similar type issues. And they're able to sell the SaaS solution to a business owner of a problem versus a technology owner inside the organization. So it's a multiple set of growth drivers, and it's been that way with this business for the last few quarters and certainly continued into the second quarter of this year.
Laurence Neil Hunn: Well, I would – when we first talked about the North American challenges Sunquest versus everything else, the rest of world of the diagnostic group, we introduced that a couple of quarters ago, we characterized this being a – it's got a couple of year issue, 2018 and 2019 issue. As we sit here today, a couple of quarters into it, I would say that continues to be the case and our belief. The international piece continues to do well. The interconnectivity or middleware piece that connects lab instrumentation to lab software continues to do well. And the team has done a good job of framing the North American strategy and starting to put hands on keyboards around some new software we're going to develop, but that going to take time to actually get done and released. And we'd expect the general trend line to continue here into next year.
Laurence Neil Hunn: And relative to your block chain question with DAT, it's just the nature of the DAT business, we're matching basically the supply and demand side of the spot trucking market in North America. It doesn't really connotate to a block chain orientation; that's more of a supply chain issue. So we do see more of block chain activity happening, for instance, in our iTrade business around the food supply chain, but not so applicable at DAT.
