NeilHunn: Yes. Thanks, Dean. So hey, the - it's all about Roper being a better version of our self, our strategy, as you know and most people listening know, for the last 20 years has been fundamentally based on improving the quality of our enterprise, historically, that's been characterized as being more asset light or recently, it's not just that, but increasing mix towards recurring revenue, increasing mix towards higher and slightly higher organic growth businesses. So that strategy has been in place and will remain in place, nothing's changed there relative to these three transactions is really a result, these three are result of really two different decisions. Zetec was really an opportunistic situation with a strategic buyer, who offered a compelling price. And it was just made sense, in our view, for our shareholders to let that go to that buyer and reduce a little bit of cyclicality and exposure to the Zetec end markets. As it relates to CIVCO Radiotherapy and TransCore, those were -- while they're independent decisions, the result of a single process, which was our sort of our new and revised sort of deep strategic review of all the businesses, we do this with each business on a rolling sort of three-year basis. The CIVCO Radiotherapy and TransCore reviews were late last year, early this year, and we just felt, given their future growth prospects, which are interesting and likely robust, but also capital intensive. In both cases, we're going to just be a sub optimized with us as an owner, you overlay that where the valuations will get for the businesses, the three together roughly 20x this year just made sense from all vectors for us.
NeilHunn: Yes, I think the, again, it's, I wouldn't -- I would call it the acceleration of the transformation. Transformation has been slow and evolutionary over 20 years, as we've gone from 40% cyclical to now, 10% or 15% cyclical, going from more asset intensive, less asset intensive gone from products to software. I mean, this has been an evolutionary approach, and we expect that to continue.
NeilHunn: Yes, appreciate the opportunity, any opportunity to talk about our board because it is absolutely and undeniably a strategic asset for our business. The board, we highly engaged with five times a year, three days each time. So it's a board that works hard. They enjoy working hard, it's a board and that amount of time that we spend, it's not just a series of presentations where there is space to have conversation, deliberation, challenge one another, and then form a point of view on the forward direction of our enterprise, highly collaborative group, but one where people express their points of view open and freely. So it's a great environment. Also in governance, there's a refreshment process that goes with that, the Board Chair that became the Board Chair at Brian's passing, Will Prezzano just aged off the board. And we have a sort of that requirement to refresh the Board and we're super fortunate to have Irene and Tom join us. Irene will bring just a tremendous - she's most recently professionally as a executive at Time Warner, but a long track record in financial institutions just a very astute and financially savvy executive understands risk and risk management and also a very experienced Board member at this stage in her career. Tom, this will be his first public, outside public company board. Everybody here listening knows Tom very well, but just the combination of what he's done in his 30-year career at Danaher, combination of business building and capital deployment leader development is core to what we are all about. And I think both will just bring tremendous new thoughts to our boardroom as we continue to evolve and build our business.
NeilHunn: Yes, cash return for us is our North Star, right? It is how we not just -- it just not only guides our capital deployment strategy, it guides every operational decision in the business. It defines for us, for instance, what good organic growth is versus just growth at any cost, right? It's how you do - in CRA for those that aren't intimate with it is really just a measure of business quality. Do you have a cash flow relationship with your customer, if you will, we're able to provide value, capture value for that and have an underlying business model that doesn't require a lot of assets to deliver that value. That's what cash return is, it is our North Star, will continue to be our North Star. It's just -- it's core to our culture here. Allison, in terms of your question about the number of targets, it mathematically yes, it's the number of targets are fewer as we're looking to buy companies that are have CRA that are higher than our existing, but it's not a limiter to our strategy, right? There's a vast ocean of software, informatics data-enabled business models that are out there that we've been fishing in for the last 10 years. And it's not a practical constraint for our capital deployment strategy.
NeilHunn: Yes, appreciate the question. Certainly valuations for higher quality software businesses are high. They've been high for a while they remain high. It's, I think I said a couple quarters ago it feels like this. They may be stabilizing at a level I think that still may be the case. But that level is very high. That said Roper buys businesses that are tried and true. The competitive forces and market are observable, the market growth is concerned -- is observable, the forward growth outlook is diligence able and understandable and the growth drivers can be clearly modeled. When you get those businesses that are in small markets that are leaders that have mid to high single digit organic growth and are 30% to 40% plus EBITDA margin businesses, those trade in that we call it circa 20x maybe 18x, maybe 22x. But they're sort of in that zone. And that's where we think that will continue to play and focus.
NeilHunn: Yes, so appreciate the question. So first, we said it in the prepared remarks, it's on the slides is worth mentioning, we take the proceeds from these through transactions added to our cash flow we're generating in our current balance sheet leverage, there's about $5 billion of M&A firepower between now and the end of next year. So that's all good, the balance sheets in good shape, or as we mentioned we are super active in the M&A markets. But we always have been and always will be patient and disciplines, right? I mean, this is every deal matters; we're buying these businesses with the very long term in mind to never sell them. So you have to buy the very best asset you can find. And sometimes that takes time. So I'm not, we're sort of putting out this mathematical marker of $5 billion, but I would not associate any specific timeframe with that. It's just, we're patient, discipline focused, but active in the M&A markets.
NeilHunn: So it was the backlog was up over 50% in both MAS and Patterson. I'll certainly turn over to Rob here in second but the backlog was strong at medical products, Verathon Northern MMI. It was strong at Neptune and it was strong at industrial so --
NeilHunn: Yes, so I'll give you a little bit of color and turn over to Rob. So it's for Neptune this year will be like really close to '19. Just from a size perspective that absolutely is growing this year, in the very short term, we're actually we believe it's hard to measure in the very short term but the reports from the company Neptune as we picked up a little bit of market share this quarter because we are able to deliver product on a much shorter lead time than some of the people we compete with. The thing that's about the market itself, the markets are opening, but nowhere close to fully recovered, especially in Canada and less so but certainly not open in the Northeast United States in the US Northeast. Final thing I'd say about Neptune is the strategy here is, I mean, it's very clear, and it appears to be working, if you will, having traction around the strategy on the product with the static meter product that were introduced to the market, the way we read the data off the meter. And importantly, now the software and analytics that play that Neptune is developing, right? What do you do with all that data once you capture it off the meter in a more frequent basis? So it's the strategy is certainly got traction in the marketplace, and the business is growing, and they have record levels of backlog as we sit here at the end of the quarter.
NeilHunn: It's virtually all in house. I mean, certainly there's -- it's a supply chain, and there are certain pieces that come but between the two facilities at Neptune it's a vertically integrated business.
NeilHunn: No, 100% supply chain related across all the businesses and incrementally the markets more favorable. We talked about the backlogs but the obviously you know that the US rack markets more favorable energy prices more favorable the project work at CCC is going well. So yes, it's all supply chain related.
NeilHunn: Yes. And it's, at the time of the acquisition, we said it was a mid single digit organic grower. And it's, that's where it is.
NeilHunn: The one thing I'd add that is we're going to carry a very high backlog going into next year, there's momentum and demand, we'll see to the extent that it's going to be, we expected to carry through for the full year, but it'll certainly start strong.
NeilHunn: Yes, Alex, it's the, yes, it's Neil. I mean, I would say a couple things there. I mean, we certainly, we're going to carry momentum from this year into next year, so if you just look across the portfolio, I think next year, we haven't done the guidance yet, it'll probably be a little bit better than trend, trend sort of mid single digits over a long arc of time, next year might be a touch better than that. We'll see we do our guidance next year. But what we're trying to do from our -- for three years now, as CEO, we've been trying to increase the organic growth rate of this business of the portfolio, through a very structured, process oriented way that focus on strategy, the execution of strategy and really building world class teams and team effectiveness. And we're starting to see that sort of work in pockets of organization that's a bit more mature. So the final story chapter hasn't been written on that story for us yet. It's got another several years to play out, but certainly encouraged by the early signs.
NeilHunn: So I'll give you a very generic answer on the timing, which is, it's the pipeline always has a lot of deals in it, the pipe, we are able to because of our approach, filter that pipeline, where it's high quality, and we are spending our time on sort of high impact things. But the deal business, you can have a deal where you think you're the winner until you're not at the finish line. And so, the timing is always a little bit subject to a handshake, if you will, between the buyer and the seller. It's not just a one way thing. And so we're going to be very patient and very disciplined. And we don't feel any sense of urgency to get this $5 billion deploy just for the sake of getting it deployed, we're going to do it in the way we've done for the last 20 years. And so it's hard to handicap the specific timing of when anything would happen, but we're going to be busy at work trying to get it done.
NeilHunn: Appreciate, Rob, the opportunity to talk about this, just to level set, everybody that the vast majority of the revenue on the network side of our business is already in the cloud and/or recurring, it's 90 plus percent. So the vast, vast majority of the cloud conversions, Rob, what you're talking about, shows up in our application software segment, and is centered at Deltek, Aderant, PowerPlan, little bit at Seaport. As you mentioned, when you convert, the punch line of all this is that we convert we believe it's a modest net growth driver not a headwind. The reason it's a growth driver is you have two competing factors. One is the bad guy, you referring to the J curve. When you instead of selling a perpetual deal, you sell a recurring revenue deal in the year of that deal. That's a bad guy, right? Because instead of getting 100% of revenue, when you ship the perpetual license, you get some small percentage of that depending on what month the subscriptions booked.  However, what counters that are when you have these large installed base of customers that are paying annual maintenance on their historical perpetual, we're actively lifting and shifting those customers to the cloud. And when you do that, because what you're doing for them carries more value, right? You're on the current release, you're managing the infrastructure, managing cyber security, you're managing your -- there's a greater value proposition, you're able to charge a higher recurring revenue base. And so the uplift on the recurring overwhelms the negative headwind on that upfront sale, and that becomes a modest net growth driver for us. Happy to talk about that offline in more detail, if you'd like.
NeilHunn: It's going to be -- it's elongated. In our case companies are, can make a decision, they can either, like some companies do just force it, like we're taking you to the cloud this year. And it becomes the company's perspective. In our case, we're allowing our customers to pace that. So our customers are the ones who are saying I'm ready to go to cloud and when we're going to meet them where they are. So in that case, it's going to be an elongated period of time, certainly five plus years, it might be as long as 10. So it's going to be a slow throttle to get fully cloud enabled.
NeilHunn: Yes. So it's the way that the architecture of as our companies have become more cloud enabled the architecture allows them with a service orientation, to make investment, one investment and deploy it to both platforms. So it's not really an either or it's an and.
RobCrisci: Yes, I just, about 25% of that MAS segment are the industrial businesses. And so that's where you see some of this and, I think we mentioned earlier that backlog is up 50% so that, we're -- we have great orders, and that bodes well for the future. But yes, I think what Neil said they're spot on.
RobCrisci: Yes, so we're not expecting that they're going to ease really anytime soon. So we're expecting what we saw in the third quarter similar to what we'll see in the fourth quarter and then as we get in next year, we'll update that next quarter, but we're continuing to build backlog, the customer relationships are great as Neil said we're expediting wherever we can to get products to customers. And so I think long term it's a great story; short term, it's hard to say what's going to happen.
RobCrisci: And I would say we do have flexibility in terms of the timing on when that capital is deployed. I think you have to wait, for the proceeds to come in the door. But as Neil said, we're going to be very, very disciplined and we don't feel like we're rushing anyway.
RobCrisci: Yes, it's very broad based. It really is across all the businesses, and again, that's getting a lot of orders in and then being able to get the products out the door.
RobCrisci: Yes, I think we want to wait until we get the deals closed to comment on that. I mean, there certainly will be some tax leakage. But we'd rather wait till next year, we get the deals closed and then we can give you a good number.
RobCrisci: Yes, it's right on track with the numbers that we laid out last year, when we acquired the business; they're doing very, very well.
RobCrisci: Yes, we will guide 2022 in beginning January, February, when we announced earnings, so I think the trends are very, very good. And all those businesses, we talked about the movement at Verathon to these, to the equipment that has been critical to the COVID fight, and now it's become more common. And so that leads to consumables. And so I think it's a great long-term growth story at Verathon, all those businesses. But we'll wait till next year to give you the numbers on that.
RobCrisci: Yes, so these businesses when we acquire them, I think we're pretty consistent. They're mid single digit organic growth businesses, sometimes they're high; we work hard to get them from mid to high. I think if you look at the double digit, certainly last year was down low single digits, and now we're up double digits. And so if you take the sort of the two year run rate, you're in that mid to high single digit organic, which I think is the natural run rate for those businesses, which we're always looking to accelerate.
RobCrisci: Yes. I think on a continuing ops basis for the year is the eighth on an apples-to-apples basis, the seven is unchanged.
RobCrisci: I mean I think we'll guide next year in January and after we do all of our business reviews, but I don't see a reason why there should be a challenge.
RobCrisci: So I think the total company margins are we sort of just gave you Q3, Q4, similar and like I said, we'll guide next year, after we do all of our reviews.
AlexBlanton: Hi, good morning. Yes, very interesting quarter. I wanted to ask about the organic growth, it was 12% average and 10% for application, 17% for network, 13% -- 9% for measurement. 16% for process, these are numbers that are way above historical rates of organic growth for this company. And it's really stunning. And one comment that I had from our group this morning was, well, last year was depressed. So that really won't continue. Could you comment on that how much of that growth is just due to a depressed base, if any, and do you expect these kinds of things to continue this organic growth rates.
AlexBlanton: Yes, well, mid to high single digit is somewhat above what Roper did for many, many years, which was more like the mid single digits, not the high. So there is a -- there was a pickup.
AlexBlanton: Yes. Second question is on the outlook for acquisitions. You mentioned a very robust pipeline in the new release and your earnings release, which was unusual, you don't usually comment on the pipeline and that location. But could give us a little more color on that, what kind of timing can we look forward to be super acquisitions right away in the next year, or it's going to be later on and so forth. 
