B. Jellison: Well, I would say that there are a lot of opportunities. There are fewer that are reasonable. But there are quite a lot that are relatively reasonable. So we're pretty encouraged by the transactions we have and the people we're talking with on this. In the same venue, somebody called me last night from Europe about a transaction that people think we should be interested in, which we never would be, but bragging that they were going to get a debt staple of 6 3/4 on this transaction. So I mean the frothiness and lack of discipline around debt being applied to sales processes is pretty much back to the status it's ever been. So you do want to be careful about what it is you're doing. But we have more than enough really outstanding opportunity to execute over the next 12 months. So we're very encouraged. I would say that the things that we're doing, we like as much as the transactions we've done recently with United Toll and with iTrade and with Verathon, so I think there's exciting days ahead.
B. Jellison: Well, those are kind of 2 totally different things. So let's first, just on this European thing. We just aren't at liberty to name a name, but it would have such a compelling name that you're thinking of it domestically. It'll be like saying well I got Kroger or I got Wal-Mart or something like that. It's a very, very large significant pan-European opportunity. And it will take us a couple of years to do everything we're going to be able to do with them and a lot to build that opportunity and then later analytic opportunity with that. So we're really excited about that. It's 1 of the things we were really hoping we'd able to bring into the wheelhouse. And we have -- we're making some growth investments in that because we have to increase our server space. We have to have specific things in Europe for these people to access. In terms of other opportunities within Roper, we have opportunities both in freight matching and in CBORD around menu planning and nutrition information, which we continue to work on. We've had some -- they're not cross-selling, they're technology-sharing opportunities for applications. And we've had important household names in the food industry. And just recently in Miami, Florida extensive program, and we're going to continue to do that throughout the year. So yes, I think we will see some -- I think most of the sales will accrete to iTrade, but some may accrete to other things within the "software as a service" platform we're building within RF.
B. Jellison: Well, it was up about 20% in the U.S., so we thought we would just kind of comment on that because other people were wondering about people gaining share at our expense. It never happened. Isn't going to happen. And all you got to do is look at the other people in Q1 and look at us. So this is the best premier business in the world than what it does. I would say the markets are fairly mature, certainly held back dramatically by the lack of housing starts. My goodness, if we had any housing starts, you'd think how much more organic growth we would get back in that business. It's just well positioned with the right sort of hybrid ability to deal with fixed network, so we're mobile in any form of integration and migration. There's another thing that's emerging that people haven't paid enough attention to and that is that we have the only U.S. lead-free water meter. Period. End of discussion. If anybody ever reinforces buy American or says I want lead-free water meters, which is a mandated requirement in the coming years, we're the sole sourceability to do that. Somebody is making lead-free and lead in the same factory in Mexico, I hardly think it would qualify as buying American lead-free-only water meter. So we're very proud of Neptune. It's a wonderful management team. They're very dedicated. They're working a lot on forward technologies. And you know, we may make further investments in that space to help them.
B. Jellison: Oh, yes, yes, yes. All of that guides we're talking about was organic. The situation in Q1, we had a good mix because we had tag shipments to Dubai and Florida and Oklahoma and that'll continue somewhat in the second quarter. But unfortunately, the tag shipments are always lumpy. We can't do much about those. And so within the next 3 quarters, there'll be different results based on the mix of just the normal service work we do and product shipments. Since there's a huge variance there both from a gross margin basis and a cash contribution.
B. Jellison: We'll only take the Blackboard. First, the blackboard really has 2 businesses. They have a business, which is like CBORD which we feel we continue to gain share against them in that space. That for them may be viewed more as a legacy business. You'd have to ask them. That's their university business. And then they have their business, which is really education software that's -- had it not be involved with the university in the same traditional teaching setting we're familiar with. We have nothing to do with them in that space. That's the largest portion of their revenue. How profitable it is, is something you'd have to talk to them about. So there's a small group of competitors like CBORD and Blackboard that are driving what's happening from an adoption viewpoint with universities. We've got a, we think, the best offering in the space. So if Blackboard in fact does transact then someone else takes it over, we wouldn't see that as anything other than what you said, which is validating the quality of the space. If you look at the kind of trading mobiles that Blackboard had even before this 35% premium jack-up, you get why sometimes we get frustrated about people thinking about us as a multi-industry company as opposed to a diversified growth company because so many of our assets today in the SaaS platform space are just undervalues [ph] are extraordinary compared to the multi-industry multiples. And we think people should focus on the quality of the assets we hold in that space. And secondary, as far as -- I mean, Sirit was a basically unprofitable or bad trading dollar business in Canada. That was acquired by Federal Signal, so we don't think of it as Sirit now. We think of it as Federal Signal, which is primarily a business selling the different municipal aspects of stuff. Sirit is kind of at the low end of technology, certainly. And then if you go over to Kapsch, which is an Austrian company publicly traded, they bought the Mark IV assets out of that transaction around Mark IV and bankruptcy and all those things that were tangential to that. We haven't seen any resurgence of anything under Federal Signal, and we certainly haven't seen any resurgence of anything other than Mark IV as just continuing the sale of product and the E-ZPass. They don't win anything new. We have been winning business in California with platforms that 1 of those people used to be involved with. It certainly doesn't -- it doesn't hurt us in anyway. We wind up with Canadians and the Austrians and once again we're the only American company. If people focused on the buy American provisions, we'd be getting even more of the business that those businesses used to enjoy. It hasn't happened yet. But we do think people ought to focus on that. We have a wide range of technologies. We can do anything that those competitors can do at the bottom end or the high end, so we're kind of a one-stop shop. I don't see that really changing.
B. Jellison: I guess whatever the long side is, Deane, you take back. I mean there are people who claim that a decision would be made in August. We're encouraged to hear that. We're always wondering what kind of decision would that be. But the testing is completed on everything, I believe. And what's happened is that we enjoy is North Carolina completed their testing for all of our products and have started to take deliveries. And in North Carolina, we've got a ubiquitous solution that allows a whole lot of freedom for people using various tags that has never been in the marketplace before. So we know from a technology viewpoint we have a winning formula, and then it's just a matter of what kind of decision ever gets made by these New York and New Jersey people and the rest of the consortium which makes up the interagency group.
B. Jellison: Well, several of our businesses are not in the U.S. and the Industrial platform or Logitech business is based in Scotland and our Insurance business is based in Denmark. The vast majority of their revenue is not in the U.S. and they're growing quite substantially. Our Abel business is a German-based business, and it has showed a record Q1 order make up for that business, which is very different than the domestic U.S. Flow Control businesses we have. And then the Roper Pump business is mostly a domestic business, which is doing exceptionally well now because of directional drilling and our technology, which allows the frac-ing that you hear so much about. And then our Cornell Pump business is primarily a domestic centrifugal pump business. Occasionally we'll shift stuff to the Middle East. But for the most part, it's designed to be a North American business for North American agriculture and municipal water handling. The scale of this business is such that we would not invest a lot of money and sales outside the United States for these businesses other than things that we have just unique niche applications. So the mix of Industrial is not dissimilar outside the U.S. 40%, 50% versus in the U.S.
B. Jellison: No. I think that people in the flows control industries have about 25x more assets than are needed around the globe. There's confident players everywhere. We've just selected markets that we have unique competency in and wouldn't be making dramatic new capital investments to make more pumps for the world.
B. Jellison: Well, actually what's happening, we're investing at a pretty fast rate, so in some ways we're compressing the operating margins intentionally for launching these new products that John spoke about earlier at Verathon. And we've been investing quite a bit in Gatan as well. So as those products are launched to become a little more mature, we'll get some margin improvement there plus we just get terrific capture on leverage. It's like we said, for the whole enterprise, our EBITDA leverage is 43%. It'd be safe to say in Verathon's case, it would be higher. So they have high gross margins in those businesses. The mix between Medical -- Medical was about 1/2, maybe a little over 1/2 now of the total segment. And Medical will continue to grow more rapidly at a double-digit rate than the imaging portion of the platforms, which are much more stable, mature research application businesses. They're going to maybe grow at mid-single digits or something, where the others are going to grow into the teens on a regular ongoing basis. So eventually, the Imaging portion of the portfolio will be much less critical.
B. Jellison: Well, I guess I think the next 5 years would be harder than the last 5 years have been. So we haven't established any multiple-year guidance for people, but I think history's a pretty good barometer of what people can do if the markets cooperate, if we get some kind of rational thinking around certain activities in the marketplace, our growth prospects are probably better than -- what we say historically, is that we ought to grow kind of 1.5x to 2x global GDP and we've been able to do a little better than that.
B. Jellison: Well, it's in the AMOT business, but we acquired 2 other companies. We acquired a company called Roda Deaco and another company called CHALWYN. CHALWYN's in the U.K. and Roda Deaco was -- basically got all this oil sands activity. Plus, you've got the explosions that people have from frankly, diesel engine surge, controlled as well they could be. We think these products should be mandatory in every diesel engine in the world. It's a slow slog to get everybody to recognize that. But once people do it, they see the efficiency of it. And then if the adoption rates continue to increase as you've had kind of a return to oil sands production activity, it's driven a lot of growth. And the contribution on these is really quite good.
B. Jellison: No. The accident in Houston at the refinery, that was another wake-up call for people. A lot of folks think that, that was an explosion that was caused for various reasons, but not the least of which is, when you shut off the diesel engine and it continues to run, it'd be a real problem. Several times we have with AMOT, plus road diesel at CHALWYN, gives us a very unique global platform where we have the most -- we believe the best technology in the world for this and can [indiscernible].
B. Jellison: Yes. The Toronto ramp. I'm going to let John handle that because I think -- I'm not sure exactly what he said there, but if we could have you verify it.
B. Jellison: And I think, Matt, that last year in our base data it's less than $10 million, I think we've got $5 million, $6 million, $7 million. And then this year, maybe it'll be 5x that or something like that. So the real expansion is in '13 and '14. This year, we'll get some improvement in revenue less than 1% of our total growth attributed to that in the -- at the enterprise level. Not a lot.
B. Jellison: Well, we are worried about that. We worry about that from a state and municipal spending level. We worry about it from Department of Transportation funding and the like. One of the reasons that we were really pleased with Q1, getting 20% organic growth, was that we didn't see any kind of slowness or holdbacks on the things that we've been working with people. They're -- and we've done a very deep dive in looking at how much of our spending on the water meter side is really related to municipalities versus related to the other facilities that are funded in different ways. We're actually much more optimistic about what's happening in how we distribute and go to market and create revenue. We wouldn't have anything good to say about municipal spending or state spending. But the DOTs and the people that we work with in those arenas are really outside of that list because everything we do in these spaces is revenue generation. It's not -- we don't need a budget or a muni bond to fund the activity that is going to happen with us. So the growth that we've got in Q1 and that we expect throughout the year is certainly ahead of our fears, which is really part of the reason we were willing to raise guidance as much as we did.
B. Jellison: Well, we're always thinking we ought to be able to capture quite a bit. You got gross margins that are above 50%, so we would tend to think that we ought to be in the 25% to 35% range on a regular ongoing basis. And really could do better than that. What's happening right now is that we're -- we've got intangible amortization associated with iTrade, which confuses the world on a -- if you only look at GAAP, you can get really confused, as we all know. iTrade's a phenomenal business. It's given us a lot more so the OP was 37%. Maybe much more importantly, the EBITDA was 43%. So I think this idea that Roper will do 25% to 30% is exceptionally conservative. So we're probably going to do 30% to 35%, and that might even be conservative.
B. Jellison: No. I think what was unusual was how broad based it was. I mean with -- you can't find anybody to beat up. It's just spectacular.
B. Jellison: Well, I think all you got to do is just look at the leverage. When you get that 37% OP leverage and 43% on EBITDA leverage, it demonstrates the discipline everybody has about keeping their fixed expense really quite low and reacted creatively to whatever variable output needs they have. We haven't had to do anything to ramp up to meet the increased demand. And with a book-to-bill of 109%, we ought to be able to do pretty well on the revenue in the second quarter and the rest of the year. So when we started the year we thought, gee, we'll probably have pretty good Q1 and Q2 will be okay. It ought to trail off. We don't think that way anymore. So Q1 is really quite good, Q2 should be quite good and the rest of the year ought to be really good, but not trailing off as much as we originally thought.
B. Jellison: I would just say the breadth of everything. Every business in Industrial, every business in Energy outperformed really our expectations and their own expectations. And so it isn't that 1 business had a blowout. I mean, certainly, our Cornell and Roper businesses had all-time record performance, which is good. But again, the scale of those is not enough to really drive the enterprise. So it's really just the breadth of things that drove the enterprise.
B. Jellison: Great question, Rick. We haven't included anything in terms of Zetec growth at all in our pathway. We've had lengthy calls on that with people and we're doing a lot. We have volunteered a lot of resources for people to do various testing things, and we also have this robotic testing technology, which is really quite an important technology called, Robospec [ph]. But we could, we would like to believe we would see a spike in the second half on inspections in the U.S., 104 plants. When the thing initially happened and people started talking about it, we felt we might get a 25% spike in half 2, but remember, it's not a real large business. But we're not seeing that scheduled in any way, which is really sort of interesting. So I think everybody has kind of actually stopped the work and is thinking about what it is they need to do and what's the prioritization of that. And our stuff is just measuring the structural integrity of the cooling towers. So it may well be that'll have a bigger impact in 2012 then it'll have in 2011 for us.
B. Jellison: Yes. And take a lot of -- you don't have to be overly optimistic when you have your $57 million improvement in the backlog.
B. Jellison: Well, I think this point it's probably a little bit early for us to be able to forecast how the incremental growth that we're seeing and probably a little bit stronger than what we had thought, maybe 3 months ago, how that will translate into year-end working capital balances. If you kind of think about the net income impact of, say, raising $0.15 on the bottom for us, that's about $15 million of net income and $15 million of after-tax cash. But like I said, it's a little early to forecast exactly what those year-end balances will be. So we're comfortable still at $550 million or more of operating cash flow. And as we get closer to the end of the year, we'll be able to have a better view on what some of those working capital balances will look like.
B. Jellison: Well, I think that we can all -- there's more things to do than we would be willing to do with our capital structure always. I mean we're going to remain an investment-grade performer and so you don't want to really have much more than, say, 3x debt to EBITDA. And if you look at our trailing EBITDA, it's going to ramp up quite dramatically here in the next quarter and third quarter. So we're going to have well in excess of $1 billion capacity with our existing structure without having to issue equity. I can't imagine issuing equity. It would have to just be 1 heck of a breathtaking opportunity for us, and I just don't see that happening. I mean I wouldn't rule it out if you had some kind of nirvana opportunity. But what we -- we continue to just reinvest our cash flow. We think $500 million, $600 million a year is probably where you go when you lever it up at 3x. It could be more. We got a lot of capacity now and responses are exceptionally low. So maybe it goes up, but I wouldn't think we'd be doing some $2 billion transaction. I think we'd do $1 billion one first.
B. Jellison: Every Industrial asset in the world are for sale. So we're not overly excited with the stuff we're seeing in that space or the lack of discipline that people have in what they're paying. So we continue to think that the Software-as-a-Service arena and the medical arena remain quite attractive businesses and there's plenty of growth in those businesses in terms of an investment acquisitions, and they really crowd out most of the other investment opportunities in terms of their cash and cash returns over time. So that remains our sharp focus. Maybe there'll be some niche thing along the way that we think is particularly good. But other than that, pretty much we're focused in those 2 areas. And I would just say, Terry, I think we had $87 million of operating cash flow in the quarter. Not unusual for a Q1. So with $550 million for the full year, we're talking about generating $463 million of operating cash flow in the next 3 quarters. And that $463 million operating cash flow, it'll be quite substantial as a function of revenue for the balance of the year. And when you already got $800 million in available liquidity, and you know you're going to create another $400-plus million of free cash flow between now and the end of the year, that gives us all the powder we're going to need to make real high-quality transactions.
John Humphrey: Sure, yes. I'll go ahead and speak to that. The adoption rates, particularly for GlideScope continues to be very strong, with a lot of product enhancements and other things that we're doing there to make it a more mobile, so more people are able to have access to that in a hospital setting. So continued product refinements or continuing the adoption rate on the GlideScope side. And then on the BladderScan side, continuing to take that core technology of the ultrasound and be able to make that applied in other areas. That's what we've done with AortaScan. That's what we're going to do with Velaport [ph] also in order to make it easier to basically have an IV needle inserted into someone's arm when the vein may be very difficult to find or difficult to see. So taking that same basic technology and making new products and new applications out of it is 1 of the things that Gerald and the team are just fabulous at being able to do out there at Verathon. And we continue to see lots of opportunities for that going forward. And in addition, don't forget we did acquire a product line called Heartscape about this time last year, and we expect that to have some product introductions into the marketplace late in 2011, and that'll also add to growth in 2012. So we're excited about what we see, and the investments that we're making in Verathon will pay off.
John Humphrey: Sure. Yes. Toronto is ramping up as expected. Of course, first quarter installations are always slow as the ground is usually frozen there. And we're still in the kind of the build-out phase of the system that captures and collects and analyzes all the data. So we're really doing a couple of things there, not only the meter installation as well as the network, but also helping on the data management side. And then as we move forward through the year, we'll be ramping up as far as installations are concerned. Now remember, Toronto is the unique situation where we will be overseeing the installation in addition to selling meters. So we'll have a mixed impact, that as we're doing the installation, that actually obviously comes at lower margin than the more technology that's embedded than the meter does. And that, of course, is roughly a $200 million project that will ramp up to -- or it may end up at a kind of a run rate within the $35 million to $40 million range at its peak as we get there in 2012 and '13 and then look to have this project completed and moving into replacement and ongoing data services beyond kind of the 2014, '15 time frame.
John Humphrey: And Wendy, if I can just chime in on that. Remember, what we do with the breakeven analysis, it's not that we have a mandate to always lower that, but we always want to make sure that we look at our businesses and that they look at their performance in terms of what their fixed costs and their variable, so they understand what the next dollar of revenue should contribute in terms of leverage. And that when they make investment decisions, that those are conscious, thoughtful, prudent decisions to invest for growth opportunities. So we always want to make sure that we separate out the fixed costs infrastructure from the leverage on incremental growth, so our business leaders are able to make smart decisions about how to grow going forward.
John Humphrey: No. I really wouldn't say that there was a mix benefit. There was clearly no mix downside from the additional installation revenue, that we do expect at some point in the future with Neptune in Toronto ramping up. But the nice thing about these businesses is that they have similar operating characteristics and similar margins. And even on the equipment side versus the aftermarket, obviously the aftermarket parts will be a little bit higher margin, but it's not a dramatic change, it's not like an aerospace business where maybe you don't make anything on the OE and you make it all on the aftermarket. That's not all what we're seeing in Industrial. Our new equipment revenue, we love to see it because it not only generates more spare parts in the future, but it generates more cash today. So really, there's not a huge mix impact there.
John Humphrey: Thank you, Melody, and thank you all for joining us this morning. And we look forward to talking to you as we finish the second quarter and talk to you again in July. Thank you.
