Neil Hunn: Thanks, Zack, and good morning, everyone. We'll start our call today with the enterprise highlights and financial results for the quarter. We'll then turn to our segment detail and outlook followed by an update to our 2019 guidance and the establishment of our second quarter guidance. And then turn it over to questions. Next page. We characterize the first quarter here as a strong start to the year with strong organic growth, operating leverage and cash flow as well as capital deployment. Revenue grew 7% to $1.29 billion with organic growth coming in at 6%. EBITDA improved 13% to $438 million, and margins expanded 170 basis points to 34%. Importantly, we saw margin expansion across all 4 segments, which indicates the breadth of the strength of the quarter. Free cash flow improved 15% to $312 million or 24% of revenue. It's always great to see the expansion down the P&L. Revenue grew 7%; EBITDA, 13%; free cash flow grew 15%. So the leverage expansion down the P&L is always something we'd like to see. Also in the quarter, we announced our new segmentation, and we'll talk about that in a few slides. Importantly, we completed the sale of our Scientific Imaging businesses on February 5th. And we also completed the acquisition of Foundry earlier this month. Certainly a good quarter. And now I'll turn it over to Rob to walk us through the P&L.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I appreciate the question. We read the same comments. There's a series of companies that were listed, so we'll talk specifically about Deltek. I can't comment at all about the other companies that were listed. And we certainly highlighted a number of those when we went through the, our SaaS strategy with Deltek. But I think, perhaps the most important thing to start with is that not just Deltek but all of our businesses are in niches and have very specific built-for-purpose software aimed at a specific user. And so if you think about Deltek, government contracting, right? it is a, we are the ax in that space from a software perspective. Virtually every large enterprise uses our software because of, it does what it does so well, you don't have to customize it or tweak it or tune it. It's both on-premise and in the cloud. And then you have a considerable amount of R&D resources that are just 100% focused on making that product better. Same thing can be said for the professional services end market. Deltek does not attack professional services broadly. They attack architects, they attack engineering firms, they attack marketing services firms, accounting firms, so very targeted. And the way those businesses run their business are not just generic to professional services. And so you buy our software out of the box, and a normal marketing services firm can actually deploy without any customizations at all in any way, shape or form where the larger places, you have to go through a SI layer and do sort of customizations, then you have to worry about upgradability of those and whatnot. So the core of what we do is preferred by our customers and that seen time and time again with win the rates is an excess of 50% when you go head to head for net new opportunities against the larger players. And then from a code-based, tech stack cloud strategy, I think we're as current as anybody can be in that business.
Neil Hunn: Yes. And I, we highlighted that when we talked about, the Deltek SaaS migration has resulted in that high single digit growth since we've owned it.
Neil Hunn: There's been a couple of bolt-ons. Now the high single digit we talked about is organic, right, so the growth there is not...
Neil Hunn: Small tuck-ins generally characterized as products that can be sold to the existing customer base. We've talked about ConceptShare and Workbook in the past to name a couple.
Neil Hunn: So I'll take the first part of this then let Rob follow-up. So we talked about the double-digit SaaS at Deltek. I just, I want to be clear in our commentary there, that's not a broad Roper statement. And I'll let Rob talk about the percentage of the total revenue of Roper that's software and SaaS.
Neil Hunn: Yes. And I would add. It's obviously highly indexed LNG, it's what they do. But it's not just tied to new. I mean there's a lot of retrofit Brownfield activity as well that they consistently add channel capacity to identify and the capability to drive upgrades there.
Neil Hunn: Yes. And from a competitive situation, I would say it's largely unchanged. If there is a super strategic that's going to bear a lot of synergies, we are not and have never been a viable competitor for that target. We're almost always the feedstock of candidate targets for us. It principally come out of private equity. And then at the finish line, we're normally competing against private equity. And so in the asset that we described where the management teams are builders and growers and are attracted to our model, we tend to compete and win at a very high clip when all the things line up.
Neil Hunn: Sure. So I might have misunderstood a part of that question, but I'll just, I'll clarify so it's on the record. So it's not a bridge too far financially. So these are always...
Neil Hunn: Okay. Now I understand. So we'll go through our process, right. So the processes is does it meet our CRI thresholds, yes or no? This one clearly does. Then it's about does the management team, are they going to really thrive in our environment? And an easy simple way to think about that is are they fundamentally about, intrinsically motivated about building their business? So when engaged with this team, which we are able to do a couple of times before the process started, it's very clear that this team is completely passionate about what they do. They've been doing it for a very long period of time. The technology officers in this business actually have personal awards for what they've done in this animation sort of compositing space. And so they are built-for-purpose for this business. Then we get into is it a business we like and that's, is it in a niche? Is it a leader, network effects, all the things we've been through many, many times. And so one of the things we did as a team think through is, hey, it's meeting all these criteria, but is it -- does it do something that's sort of sexy? And do we not like it because of that? And at the end of the day, because it meet -- met all their criteria so perfectly, we're like, "Hey it's a software business at the end of the day." And what they do is they do things that you can see on HBO and other places unlike things, the other things in Roper. But it's really, at the end of the day, a pretty boring software business.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So Alex, I would say that the team over many years has built, it's an incredible capability of getting into this feed and getting this getting prefeed and really speccing projects very, very, very early. It's, as you know, it's a multiple year process to get spec'd in these new projects. It's a true core capability of that business now.
Rob Crisci: Thanks, Neil, and good morning, everyone. Turning to the income statement metric page. Revenue grew 7%, 6% organically, as Neil mentioned, to $1.288 billion. We had our 3 largest segments, each grew organically between 6% and 9%. Our smallest segment, Process Technologies, grew 1%, which did exceed our expectations for the quarter. Gross margin expanded 50 basis points to 63% as we continue to benefit from our increased mix of high-margin software businesses. So we are very well positioned should any macro headwinds build around tariffs and material cost inflation or anything that's like that, really would have minimal impact for Roper as they have historically had very minimal impact. EBITDA grew 13% with EBITDA margin expanding to 34%. We really had very high leverage in the quarter aided by a couple of items: the timing of some perpetual software license wins where revenue is recognized at the time of delivery and also some compliance payments in our GPO network business that really come in at close to 100% margins. So that impacted the leverage in the quarter, which was very strong. Earnings before taxes grew 15%. As you can see, our tax rate was lower than expected at 9.7%. This includes a $43 million or $0.41 discrete benefit due to foreign restructuring. We've been simplifying our legal entity structure to make it easier to access and repatriate our foreign cash and as a result, we will be able to realize some net operating losses in the future. So overall, our DEPS of $3.30 was an increase of 26%. If we adjust out for the tax item, we were still at $2.89, which was a very strong quarter for Roper overall. Moving on to the next slide. Always one of our favorites, the asset-light business model. So the networking capital position at the end of the first quarter: inventory 4.5% of revenue; receivables, 16.6%; payables, 10.8%; deferred revenue grew to 13.5%. The deferred revenue grew 19% on a year-over-year basis, ending the quarter at $694 million. So if you add that altogether, we had negative 3% of working capital really for the first quarter 3 years in a row down to 3.3%. Foundry, our recent acquisition, which we'll talk more about shortly, has a significant negative net working capital balance that will further enhance our position and continue to expand our ability to compound cash flow moving forward. The net working capital for Roper remains a source of cash. Next slide. On compounding cash flow, so aided by our negative networking capital, organic growth, disciplined capital employment, we continue to produce excellent cash flow results and excellent cash flow compounding. The Q1 operating cash flow was $330 million, an increase of 17% versus prior year. As Zack mentioned at the beginning of the call, this excludes the $39 million cash payment related to the Scientific Imaging divestiture completed during the quarter. Free cash flow, as Neil mentioned, grew 15%, represented 24% of revenue. So if you look at it on a TTM basis, we are nearly $1.5 billion of operating cash flow, up 30% versus prior year, really fantastic result. And that represented 28% of revenue over the previous 12 months. So certainly, we believe that cash remains the best measure of performance. Next slide. So moving to the strong financial position in the balance sheet slide. We ended the first quarter with our gross debt of $4.5 billion, net debt of $4.1 billion against TTM EBITDA now approaching $1.9 billion. So our gross debt-to-EBITDA of 2.4x and our net debt-to-EBITDA down all the way to 2.2 times at the end of the quarter. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we did close and fund the Foundry acquisition where we really used a combination of cash and debt. So if we adjust for the Foundry acquisition, we are still down to 2.4 times net debt. Furthermore, the Gatan divestiture would bring an additional $700 million of cash. When that is closed, we're assuming the end of the second quarter in the guidance. And so that would further decrease our leverage position. So in summary, we remain very well positioned to continue to deploy capital moving forward towards our pipeline of high-quality acquisition target. So with that, I'll turn it back to Neil to review the segments.
Rob Crisci: Yes. Sure. Good morning. This is Rob. I think overall, we certainly had some outperformance in the first quarter. And I think if we look at all of our segments, we see, sort of, at least as good as originally planned or a little bit better. I think specifically in the Process Technologies segment, which is the smallest segment, we upped our outlook there where we're not seeing sort of a downside as bad as we thought coming in. And so we're just up the bottom of the range a little bit. I'd say, overall, a little bit of outperformance everywhere and a little bit of a better outlook everywhere.
Rob Crisci: Sure. So the $0.41 discrete tax item we mentioned, if you look at M&A, we've got around $0.07 or so net of incremental M&A. While we had the -- call it around $0.14 for Foundry, as Neil mentioned, we lost $0.02 or $0.03 from the Imaging transaction closing sooner than expected. That actually hit in the first quarter, and then there's around $0.05 for the Gatan shipments, so they're slipping to the period where we don't expect to own the business anymore. So if you net all of that together, you get $0.07. And then the remainder, $0.17 or so, that's your, sort of, just better operations, better operations, better margins and better organic growth throughout the portfolio.
Rob Crisci: Yes, it's been high single-digit organic since we bought it, which is better than we expected. We expected mid-single.
Rob Crisci: We don't like to give exact revenue numbers on our businesses, but I think we said it would be $550 million. The first year we owned it, it's way over $100 million on top of that $550 million.
Rob Crisci: Yes. I mean where we sit today of the software revenue is pretty evenly split from a SaaS subscription model and a license on-prem model, and that's been moving more towards SaaS and we expect that to continue. But as we sit here today, the business models are roughly the same, about even. And then as we've talked about in the past, EBITDA, software EBITDA for Roper is an excess of 50% at this point in time.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So compressor controls is historically a late-cycle business, so it just bottomed out later than the rest of the oil and gas businesses, and it has begun growing since sometime late last year. And I think it's an opportunity there with a lot of, Neil mentioned there's a lot of LNG opportunities out there that we expect to get our fair share of. So this business is the size that is roughly 20% of our Process Technologies segment, so I think those upsides, sort of tailwind opportunities that are exciting. But again, it's a recently small part of the overall Roper portfolio and a small part of the segment.
Rob Crisci: And on the balance sheet, I think we both mentioned in our comments earlier that the balance sheet is very well positioned, so in the low 2s from a net debt-to-EBITDA standpoint, we're obviously deeply committed to investment grade, but we also have TTM EBITDA approaching $2 billion. So we also have $700 million that would come in as the Gatan deal closes. So with or without that $700 million, we could easily deploy $1.5 billion or more on M&A whenever the opportunity arises.
Rob Crisci: And if we don't yet know the industry well, we do a ton of work around the industry with outside consultants, and there's a lot, a lot of work that goes on. There's many readouts. And if anything scares us away, we just say no, and we walk away. And that happens all the time.
Rob Crisci: Yes. I think it's a combination of that and the combination of the outperformance in the first quarter, building that into the full year numbers. Maybe a little bit net, more good guys than bad guys if you look everywhere else. But that's the majority of it.
Rob Crisci: Certainly, if you look at the performance of the business over the past several years, they're just sort of on the way back up given the fact there was no new construction for several quarters, and now the new construction business is starting to come back. As Neil mentioned, they've done well in retrofits and Brownfield activity and doing a great job of covering their install-base and doing a lot of great things for customers. But the new construction projects are just now starting to ramp up with LNG taking the lead.
Laurence Hunn: So I'll start broadly, and then try to get specific to iTrade and MHA. So I would not characterize that -- It's like this breakout of networks, right? I -- Yes, we've seen that consistently at DAT. It's truly a two-sided network where both sides incrementally gain more value as the size of network improves. ConstructConnect, iTrade, for example, is what we'll call one-sided networks where we need sort of the anchor tenants. In ConstructConnect, which is the general contractors, and then -- In iTrade, the retailers to be in the network. And then it drives supply chain efficiency through. So we've seen just good solid execution across those businesses. So it's not -- it has a network effect but it's not one where -- it's driven because of the execution of the software and the sales and the distribution capabilities of the business. On MHA, this is a group purchasing organization. They've continually done a great job of retaining their customers, adding customers, adding new products to the portfolio that our providers -- health care providers can buy. And then there's what we call compliance activities, both Rob and I called it out. This is where you're just constantly monitoring and make sure that both sides of the network pay what they need to pay the network. And there's a large amount of that activity in the quarter, so it's nice to see that.
Laurence Hunn: So the update is, as we talked about, it's in our guidance through the end of the second quarter. We're in, along with Thermo, we've been working through the regulatory process with the U.K. CMA. And we're hopeful that concludes here at the end of the second quarter.
Laurence Hunn: Sure. So first, what is the role of the Group Executive here, right? The role is to help coach both the company's to become great and achieve greatness and help the leaders in the businesses become great leaders, right? And we think about that across many dimensions, but 3 principal ones are how do you develop strategy? We want that to be very much outside in and focus on answering 2 questions: Where to play and how to win. We care a lot about how that strategy is executed. We want it to not be a project of the leadership team's of the companies. We want it to be process enabling and -- so that it can endure a long period of time. Third thing is we care a lot about how our teams develop their talent, engage their talent and run a talent offense. And so the group executive layer is focused on those 3 things: strategy, strategy the deployment and talent, broadly speaking, in addition to the day to day and week to week things that come up. So Harold, and it's not just Harold, but in the product businesses, Chris and Jeff that I mentioned, their job is to do that. And Harold's case, and I would say this is a case for all of our group people, they're very growth and process oriented. They have a strong orientation towards talent, they're super strong cultural fit. They're probably nothing more important in our vetting exercise here. We're only 50 people in this office or 55 people in Sarasota. There's only a handful of these group executives, and we need that cultural fit to be really tight, which it is with Harold. And then the thing about Harold and, again, I wouldn't isolate him, Satish is this way, and the other team as well is -- I would consider them sort of learning executives. So they're constantly learning and adapting their style and understanding what Roper is about, right? We want to Roperise them and have them take the Roper governance system out to the companies.  And then certainly, to be successful here, you have to be financially savvy. That's how I characterize the role and Harold and the team that he works with.
Laurence Hunn: Okay. So as Rob and I both mentioned, Foundry is just the beginning. We have a very strong balance sheet. We've worked hard to get the balance sheet to be offensively positioned, which it clearly is, and so we're, we feel great about that. The pipeline, we said it now for several quarters, it's very robust. The quality of the assets is quite high. As you know, we're always trying to buy things that are a little bit better than what we are. It's been the hallmark of our strategy for a long period of time.  So relative to the pricing, with the assets we want, the things that have all the defensive characteristics and network characteristics, great management teams, the negative net working cash flow, mid- to high single-digit organic growers, low capital intensity, those assets are not inexpensive. But in our CRI orientation, there's always value to be gained by our shareholders by deploying capital against those type of assets. So we feel very good about it. We feel very confident about our future here for that type of plan.
Laurence Hunn: All the time, right? And so we see scores of our amazing CRI businesses, and then when we start doing the work, I would say the number 1 reason we walk away if it meets our financial criteria is just the management team. For one reason or another, they're not just about builders, so there's not good chemistry or worry that they're going to leave in a short period of time. And then if you're still comfortable there, if there's a product that we're worried about, could there be -- if there's -- if we view there's any sort of 0 in the Monte Carlo analysis, then we generally are walking away, right? Being long-term owners, we don't want to onboard any of that risk. So we spend a lot of time around that.
Laurence Hunn: Yes. So I appreciate the question on ConstructConnect. So I think we talked about a couple of times in the past, ConstructConnect, again to set the context is our network that connects general contractors and subcontractors to building product manufacturers in its large network. And the strategy since we've owned this business since the fourth quarter of '16 has been to basically drive habitualization of the core product to the contractor community. And to do that, we had to actually build, and we've work to do this, a number of software elements that go on top of and interlink with the contents that we have. And so the increase in revenue per user at ConstructConnect are early gains of our new product launches because we just have more value to sell is what it is. So it's not the construct, like you said, that try to cover our purchase price or anything like that. It's just the continuation of the strategy and the commitment we have to the long-term ownership of the assets.
Laurence Hunn: I think it's quite good. I think that's a -- that can reflect in the recent wins we've had and the tolling projects that are ongoing. It's been good execution by the team.
