Neil Hunn: Yes. So Deane, I’ll start, maybe going in reverse order. And then there is a handful of [Technical Difficulty] there is no supply chain fortunately. So there wasn’t an impact in any meaningful – not meaningful way on our software businesses. The businesses have been working remote for the last 2 years. And so that’s a complete – the Omicron spike, if you will, is a complete non-factor. Bookings activity, as we talked about, was super strong in Q4 there. So that’s our view there. On our product businesses, yes, it was – it was more about supply chain, less about Omicron and shutdown of facilities. I mean it happened for a week here or there, not an impact really in the quarter and the issue on supply chain, as you hear it from some of the companies, it’s not one thing. It is really sort of a hornet’s nest of small things. One of the nice things about our organization, as you know, is we’ve got 25 or so product businesses and 25 groups of people focused on their bespoke issues, and they did a very nice job in Q4 working through that. A little bit of margin pressure in those businesses at the gross margin line in Q4, just sort of expediting and sort of pulling things forward to be able to meet demand. A couple of other things I’d say, and I’ll turn it to Rob, is as we look to 2022, those issues haven’t abated. We expect them to sort of lessen in the second half, but still persist to some degree. And the final thing is the companies, their teams have done a very nice job of sort of taking the price taking price and offsetting going forward in 2022, the impact of the inflationary environment associated with this. Rob, anything you want to...
Neil Hunn: Well, I want to make sure we understand your question. I mean I think the – in terms of the opportunities that are out there for acquisitions, I mean, it is – there’s a lot of opportunities. There are always a lot of opportunities. The pipeline activity is full, there’s lots of discussions, diligence. We’re always in some phase of diligence at some point, something. The thing that we said for a very long period of time, the 10 years I’ve been here, is that we continue to invest through cycle. We’re a permanent home. We’re trying to find the very best businesses we can find because we’re going to own them over a very long arc of time. And that the compounding effect overwhelms any sort of short-term value. We’ve been here and there and compounding overwhelm that in sort of a cycle benefit. That feature is going to have perfect visibility on what the future holds, which we don’t claim to have.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I think it’s – we’re not going to – we try not to give guidance on the forward year for a specific business. But you’re right, the commentary and our view of Neptune and what Don and the team’s doing there is quite bullish. It’s rooted in three things, principally around the products, both the meter itself going more static from mechanical, the reading technology going from – going to more cellular. And then once you have both of those elements in place, then Neptune becomes more of a data business, helping its customers sort of navigate the data and work with their customers in a more meaningful and impactful way. Importantly, on the first two, especially the meter technology itself, we think we have some very real proprietary advantages in the static ultrasound technology that we’re using, both on the residential side and the commercial side that we are quite bullish about going forward.
Neil Hunn: Yes, so DAT, as you know, is wonderfully positioned and spot freight market is one of two primary competitors or players that help match the shippers and the brokers and the carriers, I should say. And as you think about the tech enabling of the brokerage model, DAT sits right in the center of that and as their business model in future is only aided by that. In terms of the tech-enabled brokers, they are just – all brokers are becoming tech-enabled. There are some that are native tech-enabled and some that are sort of migrating their business models, all of which are customers and all of which were helping do their job to sort of do their business with less human interaction to more computer-driven connectivity.
Neil Hunn: Okay. Yes. So on – no, so hey, we – it’s something that we pay very close attention to. The team at DAT has a very open ecosystem. They partner with many folks, and so we pay attention to all of that. But this is a very vibrant two-sided scaled network. Scale matters a ton here. And I mean, when I say a ton, I mean it’s a huge rate limiter for competition. You’ve got to have scale on both sides of the network to be effective, very hard, not impossible but super, super hard to create de novo. But we pay attention to that and any competitive activity, and we need to think about how to counteract that. On the Neptune side, hey, I think this is over a very long arc of time when we think that the metering technology can render a market share advantage. I’ll remind you that Neptune seemingly every year for 20 years ekes out 50 to 100 basis points of market share. I think we’re clearly the leader in the North American water utility metering space, and we’ll just – we expect that will just continue eking out a little bit of share gain each year.
Neil Hunn: Yes, I appreciate the question. Good morning. So first, I would say, as we have gone through just our portfolio work over my time as being CEO, there is – we have tried to see if there are a little – small pockets where it makes sense to put businesses together. We did it a couple of years ago with Seaboard and Horizon that are both doing very similar things into the education market. And now with CliniSys and Sunquest, as you know, they are doing literally the same thing, just Sunquest historically in the U.S. and CliniSys across Europe. So, in terms of this integration, there are still going to be three core technology platforms for the lab information, U.S., UK and global. But this integration is really all about then sharing the innovation from that going forward. The microservices or service-oriented architecture allows us to do that. The first three in the Q are advanced analytics that helped the laboratorians do their job and make better decisions. The acceleration of anatomic pathology, which is the tissue side of the lab into the cloud and then increasingly, the adoption of molecular or genetics into the lab space. So, this is more about the product integration, if you will, on a go-forward basis. Go-to-market teams remain very similar as they are selling bespoke into their very specific geographies. So, the go-to-market motion is the same. Final thing I would say here is the teams are totally geeked up about this internally. There is a ton of enthusiasm and excitement as the team is now 1,300 people, 12 countries, 21 languages and is part of the largest lab diagnostics business in the planet now.
Neil Hunn: The customer needs are remarkably similar in that you have the fluid side of a lab, the tissue side of the lab and increasingly, the genetics or molecular labs. And then the integration of the ologies, if you will, rarely now do you have a genetic test without some sort of tissue or blood or urine test. So, how do you integrate the pathologies is a major theme. So, those things are very similar. And so if you are a lab in the UK, in NHS or your lab in the U.S. or a lab in France or Spain or wherever it is, the needs are very similar.
Neil Hunn: So, the answer is it’s I will try to generalize them because your question around Foundry and iPipeline, totally different markets, obviously, in media and entertainment and life insurance distribution sort of workflows or channel. Both businesses have net retention well north of 100%, right, which tells you that you have an appreciating asset from your customer base. You are selling more into your customer base in any given year. That is largely a result of two things. One is your customers are growing with you. They are growing, so you are growing with them. And then two, you are selling them more value, more things. So, you are correct in that. In Foundry’s case, a lot of their growth has been – they are going to sort of ride the tailwinds of the 8% to 12% of content spend that happens in media and entertainment between streaming animation and theatrical. But then the workflows in post production are remarkably tedious and manual. And so as we automate those workflows, those are modules that we can sell to monetize the investment in innovation that we are doing there. Similarly, conceptually at least at iPipeline, this is a business that we bought it several years ago. It was all about and the strategy continues to be what they call straight-through processing. How do you get a – from a quote of life insurance to underwriting life insurance, how does that happen with minimal to no human touch. And so being able to do that and automating those workflows is a huge task. But as you do that, you are creating a ton of value for the distribution channel and you are able to monetize that through the product.
Neil Hunn: Well, we are always patient. So, we should start with that. And so it’s we are patient and disciplined relative to the asset selection, the value that we ultimately try to transact at. I will tell you my experience here at Roper for a decade and the experience that predate Roper by 15 years sort of being in tech M&A for 20 years or 25 years now is the private markets always lag by some quarter or two quarters or three quarters, the public markets relative to valuation swings to the extent they are meaningful. And so that’s what our – my personal expectation would be to the extent that we have structurally lower public valuations for software businesses, then it might take a couple of three quarters for those to filter into the private markets. Unclear if that’s the case, right. And so we will be patient. I also said earlier that our analytics, we always are reviewing the analytics, and our analytics suggest that it’s better to buy a great business at the market clearing price at the time and let the compounding sort of begin rather than it is to try to see if you can wait for that asset and save 0.5 of a turn of EBITDA…
Neil Hunn: Yes, so the overdrive on the earnings was they just – they did a better job of managing our costs and the way mix came in on a revenue line. So, it was – and also a little bit is that first part of the year, they are still having a hard time of spending money sort of with COVID. So, it’s a little bit of that. But more importantly, the momentum that the business left, I mean record bookings in Q4, and just the feedback that we are getting from the customers at the enterprise level did a nice little tuck-in that helps them get some customer acquisition on the lower side of the P&C agency space. That’s doing well in the first few weeks. In terms of – you are right, we did – the expectation when we bought the business is the mid-single digit growth business, it still very much is that. Is there an upside to high-single digits over a long market time, we would like to hope so. Amy and her team have a very well-articulated data-driven, market-driven outside-in strategy and there is some execution associated to sort of inflect the growth rate a bit higher, but right now, we will hold at mid-singles and want to see Amy and the team put post a few years of better performance where we call it high singles.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I mean I think it’s – that work has been strong. It’s been strong across the board as we highlighted this quarter, much of 2021. There was like super strength at our Freight Match businesses, both in North America and Canada. So, that super strength to moderate a little bit, while the rest of the portfolio improves a little bit, but it’s – this has been a great couple of years last year, this year for network. Application software, the businesses are great. I think that all of them sort of are very steady eddy mid-single digit growers. As we transition more of a revenue stream away from perpetual into recurring over a long arc of time, is there a chance that, that can inflect a little bit higher, I believe so, but it’s going to take a few years to do that.
Neil Hunn: So, I appreciate the question. I love talking about this one. So, we believe in the application software business that the transition to SaaS is a net growth driver. You have two opposing factors going on. You have – as you transition new clients to the SaaS recurring models. Obviously, that’s the classic J-curve as it relates to perpetual. We are in the year, and that’s a bad guy. Over the long-term, that’s a great guy because you have a higher level of recurring revenue. Offsetting that is, as we have these businesses that have very large installed bases of customers that are paying maintenance, and in fact, it’s about $900 million a year, plus or minus, is what our maintenance stream is across our businesses. That maintenance gets transitioned to SaaS at a, I don’t know, call it, 1.7 to 2.5 uplift. And so it becomes a net growth. That growth driver in year tends to offset the negative J-curve if that makes sense. So, we believe it’s a net growth driver over a long arc of time. We also just – and as a postscript on that, we don’t force the migration on our customers. The customers are pacing the migration to the cloud. So, that’s why this is going to take 5 years plus to maybe 10 years to sort of fully migrate to the cloud because we are going at the pace of our customers. But it is – that’s our view on the net growth driver as we migrate to the cloud.
Rob Crisci: Yes. That’s right. So yes, it clearly impacts the product margins a little bit. You saw that in the fourth quarter. We’re assuming Q1 is similar and then a little bit of gradual improvement throughout the year on margins for the product businesses.
Rob Crisci: Yes, I mean, we’re at record backlog levels as all other businesses are that sell products. And so we will benefit from that moving forward. But we wouldn’t say it was meaningful to sort of revenue in the quarter.
Rob Crisci: Yes, so we’re – we have EBITDA leverage, right, on organic growth around 40%, which is generally pretty normal. So that on a full year basis I think you’re right. We’ve got total EBITDA margins up a little bit sort of embedded in the guidance. Software businesses are, right, 44% EBITDA for application, 51% for network. We’ve got that about the same year-over-year, very stable there. You’re growing, you’re investing, we have very nice organic growth in those businesses this year. So that will drive a lot of organic EBITDA growth at those margin levels. And then – and as we mentioned on products, it’s a little bit lower margins in the first half of the year, similar to Q4. And then I think we’ll benefit from a lot of the price cost things that we’ve been doing as we get to the second half, margins get a little better. So I think on a full year basis, again there, margins are pretty flat year-over-year, maybe a little bit of improvement as we get to the second half.
Rob Crisci: Yes, so there were a couple of things that helped us this year for sure. I mean, we had great working capital performance, which we view we’ll always have, especially when you have highly negative net working capital of revenue minus 15%. That drives great conversion. In ‘20 in particular, there were some tax benefits that we benefited from. And so the 80% to 83% conversion is great. We generally feel like if we’re plus or minus 80% conversion, and that’s kind of where we start and then we see sort of the one-off items that happened year-over-year. So that’s – we always sort of I think we’ll be around 80% and then sometimes it ends up a little bit better.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So, we have the 6 to 8 organic revenue guide for the year. It’s really pretty consistent throughout the year. For the first quarter, the software businesses are a little bit stronger, given all the ARR momentum we have coming out of Q4. And then the product businesses are a little bit lower, given some of the supply chain challenges we have spoken about. And then I think, as I mentioned, the EBITDA margins we have for Q1 are flat sequentially to what we had in Q4 for the company.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So, I mean it’s not a guide. It’s what we do here at Roper. So, I think if you take our organic and you take capital deployment and you look at us over any given year or certainly over a couple of years, we are double-digit compounder. So, I think that will continue to be the case. And we have got a lot of firepower for M&A that will certainly help that number here in the next couple of years.
Rob Crisci: Yes. Well, just historically, TransCore was in that segment, right. So, the software business have a little bit higher organic growth profile than the old segment did with TransCore was a little bit of more up and down given on various projects. And I will turn it over to Neil.
Rob Crisci: We just have a slide. It’s very consistent mid-teens negative, right. It’s – it is just part of the model now, especially post TransCore when the working capital went away. So, we are not updating it each quarter, but it’s the same as it was last quarter, minus 13% is where we sit today.
