Brian Jellison: Well, it really kind of license and maintenance, many times you get paid a year in advance for that activity. If it’s a SaaS and cloud based, you may get paid a year, you might get paid six months, you might get three months, but you’re always ahead of the curve for prepayment for the technologies that they are using routinely. As they add seats, they’ve got to pay in advance for the seats that they add and so forth. But I want Neil to maybe give you a little more granular explanation about how the contracts work.
Brian Jellison: [Indiscernible] This miss from them on revenue was like $5 million or $6 million. So that’s really – the deal just happens to be different than what we expected.
Brian Jellison: Sure. You’re right, the segment is now majority software, so you have the TransCore [ph] toll and traffic business which is going to be more project driven and is generally going to have lower margin than the software businesses. The software businesses are very steady, they have been mid-single digit growth businesses here for quite a while, and those leverage ratios generally come in at 35% or higher. So I think that’s very sustainable moving forward. So I think you see less variability in this segment than maybe you would have seen 5 or 6 years ago when it was primarily the toll and traffic business. Now it’s really primarily the software business, and of course Deltek and ConstructConnect will both become organic in ’18, which should further boost the organic a little bit, because we said those were resulting mid-single digit growth businesses when we bought them. 
Brian Jellison: Yeah, that’s right. Some of the smaller businesses we don’t speak a lot about like an RFID is, which we acquired a couple of years ago had excellent growth and excellent leverage. So it really is a mix of number of businesses performing very well within that segment
Brian Jellison: If our choice was, we’d do $1.5 billion in 2018 that would be good, and our next choice would be 1 billion and one 500 million or next choice would be three $500 million. So what happens now is that we do get some bolt-on opportunities. So already this year we’ve got over 50 million of work on bolt-ons; one for Aderant and one for Deltek. And I would expect you’d see some bolt-on activity in our ConstructConnect business because there’s lot of attractive things which is unique and sort of different for us with those businesses. With those businesses is, they have assimilated small units previously, and so they’re sort of geared up for that activity, whereas we wouldn’t have acquired a small company, but then we just wouldn’t have had the scale to be successful. So we will be able to have a mix of some smaller deals out of that 6 billion plus over the four years. But the lion share of the money will go to large platform expansion opportunities for the company. 
Brian Jellison: Well I think you just did. We really agree with that. It’s mid-single digit growth, maybe a little bit better from time to time. Certainly if you get an infrastructure package ever, that’s only good news for them. Getting a budget passed is good news for them. So that’s a big deal for the customers, Deltek has to know the government got paid budget and that’s already done behind us. So we did see a little pull-in from Q4 in to Q3 at Deltek. Probably not because of that, but you never know.  So we might have a little more better performance in ’18 than we have in ’17 and then we’re going to make substantial contributions from a cash basis and the acquisitions that we just have already announced have lot of synergies inside them and their benefit will tell. 
Brian Jellison: We have a lot of confidence, and I want to correct you on the product refresh was around our (inaudible) product. Well a lot of new technology has been launched, and that was very successful in growth outside organic growth for the last two years inside Verathon. We have another major project launch around what we call a BladderScan line of products. We also have rate changes that we haven’t announced, but the sales forced is about to enhance some additional products on how they’re used. So if you were satisfied and you already have been briefed on all the product technology occasionally that can get in the way of people making their decision about what they’re buying this quarter.  We also are adding substantial real sales resources, because we think that within the additional new products that are happening, we’re going to get much stronger particularly in the second half of 2018 than we have enjoyed throughout 2017. To capture that we got to have a lot more resources, and it takes time for those people to get trained in those products to get accepted, but we’re actually very excited about Verathon for 2018.  What disappointed us about Verathon third quarter was not so much that they missed by 5 million or 6 million of revenue, but it happened in the last two weeks of the quarter and it wasn’t foreseeing. And so that was the disappointment and we wouldn’t expect it to be our forecast like that. That’s not a rope or trade and that’s one that we know Verathon is embarrassed by and is working rapidly to get that problem solved. 
Brian Jellison: We didn’t say geographic things. I mean there are some regional variances around small niche players. It’s more expanding than number of things. Let’s say they are very strong in certain activities we can plummet. So, the first acquisition we made in this space was On Center and that was all about [drywall]. A lot of what ConstructConnect does is terrific around a wide variety of things and they are very strong in HBAC take-offs from architects, but weak on windows or whatever. So there are certain kinds of businesses that we can add to that, that make the suite larger than it currently is and keep us in a pre-eminent spot. Again those are the kind of things we think of. 
Brian Jellison: I don’t see any relevancy to that at all. You got to think about where this is, its pre-construction activity, architectural stuff, the amount of labor could only affect them if it became a constraint on being able to put projects in place and that won’t affect the number of users we have or the number of seats that are used in our software. So the software is frequently used in the bidding process for people, so that they have a sense of just how much material has to go in to the project. That’s what you get out of a ConstructConnect analystic and algorithm. So I really don’t think labor would have much of an affect. 
Brian Jellison: So Onvia is not closed, so we really can’t talk about that. But a tiny (inaudible) company gets a natural fit with Deltek. It’s something that Deltek had paid attention to in the past. It’s something that’s very synergistic to Deltek. The company is really subscaled and hasn’t made much money at all on its own, because it just doesn’t have the channel access. So I think you’ll see our situation around that if we can ever get that deal closed, which we expect would happen in the fourth quarter will help Deltek and Deltek make or be much more effective. On Handshake, let me ask Neil to talk about this, because it’s an exciting bolt-on for Aderant. 
Brian Jellison: Sure. A little bit higher in terms of tax payment. I think as we look in to Q4 we would expect quite a bit of growth in Q4, as we mentioned 11.50 or greater for the full year means that we’ll have nice growth in the fourth quarter. I think from a working capita standpoint performance was okay in the third quarter. We expect it to be much better in the fourth quarter just around timing of some receivables and so we feel great about the fourth quarter. But I think we are in line with where we said we’d be at this point. 
Brian Jellison: CCC that is the business that still doesn’t have a big new construction project going on this space. It’s going to be a little bit later in the rebound before we get revenue from those types of project that really aren’t happening yet. So it is down and not down a lot. We’ll see when we do guidance both for ’18, and we would expect it go down much more to kind of bouncing around in sort of the bottom.  But they’ve done a really nice job executing. Their field service business has been improving. I think the management team has done a great job in a difficult environment. Great margin and I think the business will do well here whenever there is a little bit of an uptick in that part of the market. 
Brian Jellison: I know the Neptune guys will be smiling when they are listening to other peoples’ calls so I can tell you that. There are a lot of people bad-mouthing the activity we don’t see it. It will be a record year for us. It’s a record quarter, we’re up double digits, but the one of the great investment houses has said Copper would be 245 at the end of the year. It’s 315 invested by a mile. But our people, we are absolutely briefly integrated. We have our own foundry, we make lead-free products, we are just incredibly efficient.  So we just aren’t feeling the difficulties that other people are. There’s certainly enough activity for bids. We have the biggest installed base that’s really valuable to haven an installed base, when you are looking at it and we believe we have the best distribution in the US. So that’s helps. And then periodically we get a little bit of international business that could help and we see some of those opportunities that might emerge in 2018. So it’s a very resilient, extremely nimble place. 
Brian Jellison: We’ve gotten our people look at it as, how much do you have to kind of like net new business and software, how much net new business do you need out of TransCore makeup for projects that are rolling off and that number is probably something around $50 million a year of projects. And the opportunity against which we are bidding is substantially larger than that $50 million hurdle for new business each year.  So I think people feel pretty good about that, and I think the organization increasingly gets more affective. I think they’ve gotten substantially better about the administrative side and what do you have to do to bid in those arenas. I think they’ve gotten better racial management. We’ve a relatively new CFO in that business, he’s certainly helping to make a contribution and then Tracy Marks, who runs it is really the domain expert in North America and around the world for these things. So people come to TransCore to brainstorm, and it just gives them a math. And then in some of the other arenas where they’re doing back office work, the number of other people have had big fears that are embarrassing. And so TransCore or TransSuites are for TransCore’s administrative routine around the infinity lane technology we have really give us a substantial advantage to competition here. 
Brian Jellison: The mix versus our external model on medical was high single digits, it was like 8 or so of revenue, versus our model 8 or 9 and 6 of that Verathon and the majority of the rest was around the camera businesses and just kind of noise.
Brian Jellison: Tax, yeah we were north of 29% in the third quarter. That benefited a little bit by favorable resolution from audit activity and we have been working with the tax department on a number of things to try and lower the rate certainly as much as we can prior to hopefully tax reform that went lower in a big way. But we’ve been in a sort of a similar tax range here for the last couple of years. 
Brian Jellison: If we had 6 million and it is incrementally 40% and it would be 2.4 and take a third of it away for tax, it would be 1.5 million. So it might round to $0.02, but it’s probably more likely a penny and a half.
Brian Jellison: I think it was more about our sales force than our customers. If you’re having a good year and you’ve been having a good year for a while and you know you got a lot of new stuff that’s coming in to the bag, sometimes you can get behavior there that’s not perfect. So the products are generally speaking the best in the industry, I think they’re going to be even better. So how of it is that? I don’t know. I think it’s also that we were adding quite a few sales people.  So I think there are just some noise that (inaudible) as you’re changing territories and moving things around, that’s frictional. But in a quarter where we did a $1.171 billion and delivered 407 million of EBITDA, there’s too much focus and worry about the $5 million of revenue variance in one business out of 50. 
Neil Hunn: I would say Scott, we’re very normal and very typical on the software space. So we’re not doing something that’s abnormal in that regard. As Brian mentioned on the recurring revenue streams, which would either be the SaaS piece or the maintenance piece, we will bill those generally a year ahead on the contract cycle. And so you get paid maybe 90 days, you’re booking 270 days of net deferred cash on your balance sheet.  And similarly, when you book on a license sale, often times the payment terms on a license sale, you might get half the payment of license on signing and half when you go liveit. And you’re normally always in a deferred revenue situation during that implementation period. So it’s a very common practice, and we are well within the sort of industry norms, but it’s part of the core business model that’s been created here at Roper over the last decade as we transform business. Well, let me tell you that five years ago on September 30 of ’12, our deferred revenue was 181 million. So part of our acquisition strategy is purposely directed at these kind of opportunities where as you grow it doesn’t draw down your cash. 
Neil Hunn: Just to stop at the top, as Brian mentioned it was really isolated to Verathon. The rest of the platform performed at or above our expectations. When you double click down into Verathon, it was isolated to the US and to our capital equipment sales to hospitals in the US in the quarter. The consumables piece, recurring piece was quite robust, the international piece was quite robust.  And then when we get into the root cause of what happened in the US, it was a combination of channel execution challenges that are being corrected as we speak, and then a little bit of timing between product cycles, new products we’re developing and the timing of those releases, and we may have frozen our sales force, we may have frozen the market a little bit. But those are starting to release here in Q4 through 2018, so we expect it to be corrected here rather quickly. Won’t say it will be corrected in Q4, might be a little quick, but it will take a couple of quarters to correct it and we should be back on track there.  The future for that business looks like robust given the product roadmap that we have and it is executing well against that. 
Neil Hunn: Well I think that one of things is that the execution at TransCore continues to improve around their project management. So that’s a favorable variable and then the growth in the software businesses does help obviously because they are higher margin businesses. So both of those are important, and I think some of the RF business are really product businesses, and they’ve performed well in capturing leverage at pretty high levels on incremental revenue.
Neil Hunn: So this is a bolt-on product for Aderant, its run from legal firm Knowledge Management. If you look inside, if you’re running a law firm, you basically have to have a practice management system which is core Aderant, you need to have a document management system, and you need to have a knowledge management system. So this is firmly (inaudible) from a knowledge management space. It was sort of the recognized leader in that and we have done just a very large cross-selling opportunities in to our base to take this capability in to. Nice little bolt-on. I would also say it fits all of the Roper acquisition criteria that (inaudible) management team negative to your eye etcetera. 
Neil Hunn: Let’s you call your attorney and you ask if there’s an expert on a particular topic in the firm and that firm has thousand attorneys, how do they answer that question. Well they join a Handshake software, they do a query and look across all the various systems inside that law firm and give you an answer. For instance, (inaudible) about firm knowledge and who has it inside the law firm. 
Neil Hunn: I didn’t hear anything like that, maybe when I said it was around $5 million or $6 million or so. It might have been that inside the medical business, maybe somebody is thinking about, we had 1% organic growth that clearly would have been more like 4% organic growth is (inaudible) we have that. Maybe that’s what you heard.
Neil Hunn: And I think we expected about 30% and it came it at 29. So it wasn’t really material variance on tax I think. We might be a little bit better in the fourth quarter than we did in the third I hope. But the big benefit would be when you got probably close to two-thirds or 70% of the incomes in the US and you’re paying 35% plus that goes to 20, and you can kind of do the math on that, and that a huge deal for us. 
Joseph Giordano: Can you just explain to me what knowledge management actually is? I feel like that sounds like something we can all use a little or is that not really what that means. 
Joseph Giordano: So want to drill down a little bit on some of the comps that – for things like the imaging business, you know we talk about the backlog in it and the outlook for Cryo-EM looking really strong. I know it’s been a drag for a while down again here. When does that start to like, it’s a longer cycle business I understand that. So when does that start to loosen up for and you start comping up something that looks kind of on the easier side and same with CCC.
Joseph Giordano: And maybe last from me on Neptune, Brian you talked about Copper. I think I know the answer to this, but like given record quarter here, what’s the order intake kind of been looking like and just your view on the underlying markets there and I guess we’ve had a couple of one-off data points that people got freaked out about. But it seems like, looks like pretty green light there. 
