Brian Jellison: Well, we’re going to expect double-digit growth for some time out of Sunquest that areas that we’re taking them into are very exciting areas. There is a lot of opportunity in the short run. You get the benefit from meaningful use requirements to take care of government regulation and in the long run, you get many new forms of testing with us having just a very unique way to capture that. So we’re very positive about the long-term prospects for Sunquest, whether it turns out to be a high single-digit grower over the next five years or modest double-digit grower or substantially more, it’s hard to say. It generates lot of cash. It gives us a lot of money to add from acquisition view point and certainly when I think about what we’ll do organically there, plus the acquisitions we’re going to make in that space, it will be one of those, if not the most exciting business we have along with MHA.
Brian Jellison: Well, we could but it wouldn’t be our interest to what sellers know what we might be willing to pay for anything about. So -- Matt, it’s hard to say but we said generally we like to not pay over 10 or 11 times first year EBITDA, that’s something that’s absolutely true. Yeah, sometimes, you maybe a little higher and sometimes you maybe lower but if you look at a blended basis, we think we need to be investing at a clip that’s $1 billion to $1.5 billion a year and sometimes we’re ahead of that, behind it and there will be different price values based on the kind of cash flows that we can see from businesses. But over time, we still kind of think of modeling our acquisition growth with debt-to-EBITDA, somewhere around 3 or less, could be higher from time to time and looking to have a blended acquisition first year number around 11 but it could be higher. And we’re trailing -- selling in a trailing 15 times enterprise value multiple and the people that are like us in market place, many of them are 20 to 25 times. So these are very high value to assets. But I would have to say that we’re not seeing difficulty again in what we think it will be our ability to close transactions in the next several months, having to do with pricing. I think pricings are high but rationale.
Brian Jellison: I’d like to say that we like to mix the things that we’re involved with and we feel like we’re making a lot of progress and talking to people we haven’t decided whether they’re ready to engage or not. So that all feels pretty good. Usually, when we get -- as we get further and further down the line, there is a lot of people that have an orientation. They wanted to get something done before the end of the year. So it’s getting closer than the end of the year and there is a kind of seasonality that probably shouldn’t be there that is. And the things that we’re involved with now that we really like, more diligence we do the better, we feel about them. And so those are all encouraging. And there is just a lot to say, I think that you’ve got unbelievably powerful management teams in some of these arenas. In medical arena, and some of the software arena, so we have that really give us an ability to make bolt-on things for these guys that frankly we didn’t have before we have these two big legs in-house. And so when you get back to being able to pick up some really great businesses that not each one is a $1.5 billion that we have to drive, it increases your confidence about being able to execute and deploy cash. We need to deploy cash in the next year. We’re not interested in sitting on a balance sheet with gross debt-to-EBITDA at 1.9 or net debt at 1.5. That’s in our view not acceptable.
Brian Jellison: I wouldn’t say so. I mean, what it is, is that our range of particular outcomes on the organic roadside, and we just continue to move towards the higher end of that range because the performance that we’ve been able to post in both the first and the second quarter. So we’ve been mostly done in the second quarter that won’t we expected, but the second half still looks very consistent with kind of what we’ve seen throughout the year. So we wouldn’t read too much into that.
Brian Jellison: Our test business is expected to be higher, so our taxes are expected to be higher in the third quarter than the one…
Brian Jellison: I don’t think that there is any seasonality related to the size. There is a desire for lot of people if there is a market with asset they want to get it done generally before the end of the year for lots of reasons. So there is an opportunity to close more towards the end of the year. If you look at our history over time, you see a lot of the things that happen in the last quarter of the year. In terms of the size of deals, I mean, most of the things that we’ve been looking at this year are relatively large, but we have so many more smaller things that we can tucked in to an MHA and to a Sunquest that we’ve been willing to look at those things, which frankly we would have not paid a lot of energy to that, because we would have thought that we didn’t need another $100 million business here and another $80 million business here unless we had a leadership team that can assimilate those in a very good way. So we are encouraged by that and we’ve added an awful lot of strength to those two businesses in terms of people and leadership and capability. So that probably is as much of reason why I sound the way I do about that because of our confidence in the leadership in those companies. And then at the beginning of the year there were -- there certainly were large deals that we were interested in that we thought we’re going at high-teens multiples from an adjusted EBITDA basis that our diligence wasn’t willing to buy into the adjustments. So I think there is a little bit more clarity on the part of people about what they think they are going to do for the balance of this year and what they are going to do for the balance of next year, and diligence process is coming in with the more realistic outcome than guys trying to tell you this trees are going to the moon and they are not. They are a little more realistic. And we said for long time that things like junk bonds and CCC debt and subordinated. This crazy, crazy, crazy risk factors relative to where they trade on the pricing and start to see some erosion in that finally. So that changes attitudes instantly.
Brian Jellison: Well, we look at a lot of different areas, but the reality is that the economic performance and cash on cash returns in medical and software just blow away the stuff that is generally available in energy or in any kind of core industrial business. So we’ve enjoyed great growth in our pump businesses, record level growth, but they take a lot of assets. So they don’t provide same level of cash on cash return that our software businesses do or that our medical businesses do. So we look at a lot of stuff, but the stuff that tends to get through the filter, we -- our overall company has a cash return on it, gross investment of over 100%. If you look at probably the single best multi industry guide that companies in the 40s, so we see a lot of incoming stuff, but generally if they are going to have cash returns in the 20s, they are not going to join our family. So it’s just the dynamic of the economic performance of the businesses that keeps us so active in the medical and software. And if you look at the next several quarters, over the next two years we view what expect we would -- we set for long time, we deploy $5 billion over the next four or five years, we would expect to deploy at least $1 billion to $1.5 billion every year, but it’s always lumpy about when that will happen. So I think that there are few things that we will probably do relatively quickly, and then there will be other things that we will reach in over time whether that happens in the next six months or the next 12 months is impossible to predict. And whether you do something for $100 million or you do something for a $1 billion on the timeline at which comes next is also impossible to predict because we will have offers to acquire things in which we are doing diligence, some which will be at a $100 million and others will be at a $1 billion. So we’re never in control of that dynamic.
Brian Jellison: No, I think we think 35%, 40% is appropriate guidance for people over time. We’re always going to have mix variance second quarter on our company. It gets a lot of renewals in the software business, gets a lot of things happen in Q2. Q3 is really not as active Q4, then it gets to be really big, because all kinds of year end MRO and investments occur in the first quarter. I think our leverage was something like 37% and that was outstanding. This was extraordinary. And if it happens again, we will take it.
Brian Jellison: I always react to that because I believe that the operating margins in the business are pretty close to the gross margin of everybody that they compete with. So thinking about the 29.5% operating margins in that business and wondering if they could get better, seems to me to be unrealistic, but we could deliver, you never know. These are the best industrial businesses known to anyone, I’m aware of. If you got anybody that’s got margins that look like these, please send us.
Brian Jellison: The answer could be that there a lot of different things. As the topic (indiscernible) specifically today with a few other people, of course, are more and more inversions with the portion of the company or something. We’ve had a bright path to the door from people try to tell us about this, that and the other. Usually, they’re talking of businesses that are really pathetic and so the concept of doing something purely for taxes is not something we’re going to do. It needs to be a solid business. It is hard for people to find businesses like ours. It’s pretty unique to find a molding industry player, that’s got 59% gross margins and 33% EBITDA margins and has more than 20% cash to sales and find a partner with it. So we were still blessed with massive cash performance. And so as interest cost goes up for other people that are doing acquisitions, prices come down and we’re the biggest beneficiary that’s because we self fund most of everything we do and if we went out far in a billion or two and at the moment it is pretty modest. So we’re in a very, very good position, probably the best we’ve ever been in to do transactions. And if something came along that was a partial inversion with one of the businesses we wouldn’t necessarily rejected, but putting one of our great businesses with something that’s not very exciting because you might be able to save some tax in an environment that’s pretty ambiguous, is not a good strategy in our view. What we’ve said and we always say is there are to be a much better concept around corporate tax rates. And we’re having to pay a tax rate like ours when we compete in the global market is tough, but a lot of our businesses, even though 40% of the revenue is not in the United States. A lot of the best performing cash generated businesses are in the U.S. and it’s a little harder to do something with that and meet the inversion requirements that the government has. Let alone the risk of retroactivity from the March number that you’re seeing politicians trying to bring there.
Brian Jellison: Yeah. I think the least that could -- we were expected to probably do a little bit better than 130%.
John Humphrey: Yeah. So we have a number of projects there underway in Virginia as well as in Florida. I don’t really think of them as poll-ins. It’s just that the revenue was recognized in the second quarter. We probably would have expected a little bit at the end of the third quarter. It wasn’t anything we tried to do but just because of the effectiveness of completing and getting milestones on those projects with a little more revenue to what we would have expected for the second quarter.
John Humphrey: No, there is probably not as much growth as what we would have thought three months ago. So we had a little more in second quarter, may be a little less than the third quarter but still for the year, we can -- we continue to see our total traffic business performing extremely well with a very nice growth.
John Humphrey: I think on a sequential basis, sales will be a little higher than they were in the second quarter, but not dramatically higher in the second quarter. And part of that is, what we’re saying where you’ve got some revenue recognition in the second quarter around the TransCore project so that it does in fact taken away from the third quarter when that would be there. So we look at two quarters together, our guidance is kind of about where it would have been for, although just we raised the bottom in quite a bit because it’s already in the back.
John Humphrey: Yeah. They’re really not a good way to think about that because of the vast difference in the underlying margin structure across this segment. The software business is the incrementals, they are coming much higher, particularly for their software renewals and the expansion. Their software, if it’s installations, it’s lower, of course, on the toll and traffic side, you also have the similar dynamic in terms of whether it’s tags and readers, which because of the technology and the investment, they make they carry higher gross margins versus the service and ongoing work. So I would love to give you the rule of thumb, but I just don’t have one, so based upon the relative contribution of our toll and traffic project business versus the technology that delivered through hardware or software.
John Humphrey: And if I just follow up on that, it was especially strong in terms of the delivery of hardware and tags, our Amtech business, which is part of toll and traffic just had a phenomenal quarter, particularly with the continuing tag upgrade project in Florida.
John Humphrey: So hope those have very good tailwind but for different reasons. So in terms of Northern Digital and the technology that they enable for image-guided surgery, so they have just a preeminent position inside image-guided surgery for what they are able to accomplish and that’s just the continuing growth in that market and because of their dominant share, they continue to benefit from that. Verathon on the other hand is really more of introduction of new and enhanced products when going through what is just a world class sales organization. And so therefore for different reasons, we expect both of those businesses to continue to have high-single-digit growth going forward for quite a long time I think.
John Humphrey: So, any acquisition expenses that we have, were recorded in the second quarter, since we did close on that transaction on July 2. So I wouldn’t say that that’s material but we do expect to have some acquisition expenses in the third quarter, not related to FoodLink. On the other hand you did obviously pickup on the tax rate increase in Q2 to Q3 and we just had a very strong conversion as Brian mentioned for the second quarter. Some of the software renewal did happen during that timeframe, carry along with them very high margins. So we continue to see the second half, somewhere in 35% to 40% leverage on incremental growth and then so it’s very similar to what we have in the first half.
John Humphrey: So really headwinds as much is timing associated with the milestones on a project. So as we mentioned, we had very strong performance for executing on those projects in Virginia and Texas and in Florida and other places and that comes along with some revenue recognitions, profit recognitions in the second quarter. That looks a little bit better than what we would have expected for the third quarter.
John Humphrey: Thank you, Tina and thank you all for joining us this morning. And we look forward to talking to you at the end of our third quarter.
Chris Glynn - Oppenheimer: A very nice year-over-year expansion. Just wondering how to think about the dynamic there of mix versus core incremental margins? Clearly volume helped, but we talked about mix a lot with this business in the past.
Chris Glynn - Oppenheimer: Yeah. John, this is RF and historically as the margins have moved, mix has been a big part of the discussion. So I’m just wondering if there is a way to think about core volume leverage since you did have good volumes and the margins were up nicely.
Chris Glynn - Oppenheimer: Right. Yeah. Just struck me with toll and traffic leading to growth and then near record margins, but understood there is mix within that as well.
