Laurence Hunn: Right. Both QuoteSoft and PlanSwift are in the preconstruction planning space and focus on automating the takeoffs and estimation activities of contractors. Both enhance the ConstructConnect network and product platform, where it's more comprehensive in ConstructConnect's pursuit to be embedded in the daily workflows of contractors relative to their preconstruction activities. QuoteSoft focuses on the HVAC and plumbing trades. PlanSwift focuses on other trades such as flooring, drywall, windows, et cetera. Thank you, Brian.
Laurence Hunn: Yes, it's Neil. So the project has started. It started on track. It'll be one where the timing of revenue relative to the timing of the expenses will be a little imbalanced or out of balance this year and then it corrects itself for the remaining nine years of the contract. And so it's on plan in terms of our expectations and we would continue to expect the project to progress in that order.
Laurence Hunn: Yes. I think it calls for a mid, if you will. I mean, there's -- the competitor has a forced migration coming in 3.5 or 4 years, and so customers are in the process of getting ahead of that. And so we've got several years to go. I think it's worth also noting that Aderant is not sitting around waiting for that day to come. I mean, there's a number of new products we're launching and other initiatives we're doing to be able to offset that growth dynamic four years down the road. So in the short term and in the interim, I think we're in very good shape.
Brian Jellison: I wouldn't say that. It was a little stronger in the first quarter than we expected because some of the businesses are industrial. Certainly, Neptune was spectacular, belies to everything everybody else says about these spaces. Felt better about that. There isn't anything that's soft, so we're talking about the rest of the year at high single digits, not at 15%. But yes, I think that's good. Actually, maybe more encouraged by medical in some respects because two good things happened. You -- the level of reduction in the U.S. lab business was what we expected. It wasn't higher than we expected, It was manageable, and we offset it with growth in other portions of our overall lab business. So that was encouraging. It gives us a little better feeling for the year. And I think just the general attitude of everybody when you challenge them about their forecast, the way we run the company, we don't use budgets, but we don't tell people, we use finances. Drill down exactly in Q1 what you were this quarter versus one year ago and why that's going to sequentially change and what's going to happen. The answers to all those questions around where the orders are coming from, where the growth was coming from were all very mature and very well thought out reasons, hence, builds a little confidence for us and so we've raised the organic growth by one point.
Brian Jellison: I think most of the things are application software network kind of things, so less likely to be medical. At the moment, the things that we're doing are not medical, but it doesn't mean there wouldn't be one. I mean, we're actually just starting to look at one, it's a smaller thing in medical. But there are a lot of application software things and there's some things that we've looked at in the past that we gave people advice about what they ought to do to make it a better company, and some of those people have taken that advice, and we're going to maybe look at them again to see how we feel about that.
Brian Jellison: I think the bid pipeline is extremely full. I think there are some people waiting around to see if there's going to be any support from an infrastructure program that the government throws out that would pay for stuff that they otherwise have to pay for themselves. We really have always driven the cashless tolling because we have the supreme technology about the ability to read various things. So we have a family of multi-protocol readers that can read a wide variety of technology. So those things really facilitate people doing adoption. So you watch the people drive through at high rates of speed and then we really have great execution capability for remotely accessing those technologies and helping people manage it. All of that is good. And then lastly, in addition to the technology where we're really preeminent, there's also just the administrative back office activity and there's a lot of bidding around that as some of the very long in the tooth administrative people that have been around for a very long time and who've not improved very much. A lot of people are looking for new players. And so when they look out for somebody that has a proven track record and has expanded rather than not expanded the technology, we kind of get the first look. So we're involved in a lot of those things as well.
Brian Jellison: The situation around that sort of it's, what are we acquiring this year? Are we going to divest anything? Is that going to have an effect on anything? Neil spent a good deal of time in the quarter beginning to look at that, and he's spending a great deal of time the second quarter traveling around and visiting with people. So I think that will continue to progress throughout the year.
Brian Jellison: I don't think there's any chance that [indiscernible] M&A does not materialize. So that's the perspective. Believe me, in a slow year, we'd look at $10 billion of opportunity, make offers. There is no way that we're not going to be having the ability to do fantastic transactions in M&A.
Brian Jellison: No. I think that there's some common themes that override that all the way, right? So we know the kind of business it's going to have, hopefully has deferred revenue, so we're paid in advance for what we do. And it's going to have high margins, it's going to have the sort of mid-single-digit growth or better often times. And it's going to be something that's niche, that's critical to the customer that's actually making the decision to deploy it. It's not going to be something that goes to some value-added reseller that's making adjustments to it. It's not going to be software that the customer itself is using to rewrite stuff. It's going to have some implementation service associated with it that we're not going to spend a huge amount of time servicing it over a long period of time. And the market, it's going to be something that the customer allows him to make more money so that his decision about what he's willing to pay for the software or network access that he's getting from us is a no-brainer for him. And so then it's really the kind of thing -- I mean, I can't describe the ones we're looking at now. But each one of those, they're not huge revenue companies of their own right but they're controlling billions of dollars of revenue. And so people really want them. And that's true of a whole lot of things. I mean, you can think about like a toll tag business, well, gee, it's a couple hundred million. Well, no, it's bringing in maybe $85 billion. Gee, it's a trade network at a grocery chain at $100-plus million of revenue. No, it's $8 billion of transactions. So the kind of things that our people do have very far reaching broad applications with lots of money involved, just it's not our revenue. And those are the kinds of networks and software applications that we're looking at right now.
Brian Jellison: No, I wouldn't say, Alex, those were orders, but we're seeing a lot of activity. And so if you went back to the bigger LNG [indiscernible], $30 billion kind of projects that people knew would be out in five years. What we're seeing is a lot of smaller projects in the $1 million to $2 million arena that people are considering for 2019. But we wouldn't see an order for those until 2019 and then delivery in '19 and '20.
Brian Jellison: Some of it is around exports, some of it is around people seeing an opportunity for some of the things to be profitable that they thought maybe couldn't be profitable before. How much of it is the pricing mechanisms they're seeing, it's really hard to say. Each one of those customers has got his own concept about why he's talking to us, but the important thing for us is they're talking to us. And 12 months ago or 15 months ago, we weren't having any of those conversations with anybody.
Brian Jellison: I just don't think -- we're not going to make that call. I mean it could be. You'd have to ask each one of them, right? So these are big guys. It's certainly got to be related to their view of macroeconomics, whether that's the price of oil or a change in the ability to export or something around LNG projects or the fact that they've under invested for a very, very long time and eventually have to -- and they're beginning to start that cycle on getting back to upgrading their older areas.
Brian Jellison: It's still probably off by at least 40% from the peak. The one business that's actually ahead of its peak, and it's Cornell Pump, and that's because it's not much an energy business. They do a lot of club sale directly on packaging stuff. But Roper Pump, [indiscernible], Viatran, and [indiscernible] are directly upstream guys, so let's say, they're up 35%, but they were down 60.
Brian Jellison: Well, it's true, but it's still a very small part of the total. I mean, these businesses are never going to get back to be 15% or 20% of Roper.
Robert Crisci: Yes, it really was, Rick, broad-based. And the first quarter really look at each of the four segments, really outperformed our internal model, and that confidence then continues throughout the year as we go through our review process and talk to all the leaders.
Robert Crisci: Yes, that's exactly right. So we have been investing organically in software in Neptune quite a while and that continues to ramp. And as Brian said, we are doing that in Atlanta. A lot of exciting things. I mean, it's such a great customer base. Our solutions really drive the ability for the customers to collect the revenue and I think there's a lot more things we can do to continue to help the customers get better over time. And we're making those investments today that we feel confident will pay off in the future.
Robert Crisci: Yes, so all balanced, right? We have the midstream and downstream businesses that have not bounced back similar to the upstream yet, we still have -- the reason why we're excited about these green shoots of optimism for compressor control is going out a year or two, is it still hasn't really rebounded because it's very late cycle. But again, as you know, Alex, this is a really small part of Roper now from a percent standpoint. It's very difficult for us to predict if we ever get back to those levels or not. What we can be sure that our business leaders are going to execute very well in the environment they're in as they have done, and now they're getting very good leverage as the business has grown. That's really what we ask them to do versus us making long-term macro predictions.
