Brian D. Jellison: So Zetec is really a bifurcated business. We have a business, which is around sensors that uses eddy current for a variety of applications. And then we have a business which we originally acquired, which was focused on steam generation, which is the fueling tower application for nuclear plants. We've never really given any specific numbers. But I think we've probably said it's somewhere between 12% and 15-or-so percent of the segment. The reality is that we're looking kind of at a $10 million divot in 2013 versus 2012; might not be quite that bad because the eddy current sensor business is growing. And so if we can get that thing to grow a little bit better, it will help offset a little bit. But we had well over $5 million of revenue and $10 million planned. So I mean, we really did not expect the closure of San Onofre. That -- maybe reading about it, there were a lot of people, who didn't expect it and aren't happy about it. San Diego is wondering how they're going to produce energy but that's a problem they have to deal with. But thinking about next year, I wouldn't make -- it's not like -- we expect the business to develop new product in new markets and make up for those problems. So I don't -- it's not like -- I wouldn't reduce our model by $10 million in perpetuity because of what happened this year on that, maybe $5 million.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, the research side of the business is what -- they had expected some improvement in Japan, some general improvement. We're not seeing any of that. And so we just don't think we can include it in our thinking. It could happen. When we look at that midpoint guidance coming down $0.06, it's really about 1/2 or a little more, 1/2 to 2/3, for Zetec. And it's the other 1/2 is sort of the imaging thing. We do have some OEM people on inventories that are not taking anything at all. So that whole industry seems to be really tepid. And there are a few products that get shipped into people that are using the imaging technology for transportation. And that business is certainly not robust, I would say.
Brian D. Jellison: Yes. There's sort of 2 different things going on. I mean, this is really beyond our normal warranty kind of thing that we wouldn't really even have to do what we're doing. But these are refrigeration valves that are supplemental point of safety applications in these plants in which they are. And there are various things that could happen. And this is one of those things that -- what happened is the vendor put on a transparent finish on these things, some of which is okay, many -- some of which is not okay and are eroding faster. So in our own testing in life cycle testing, we've seen some things that we didn't really like in June and finally, have gotten to the bottom of it. So in order to encourage people to make a replacement, we're covering some of their installation labor and giving them a new product if they send us back proof that they've made the change-out. So that portion of that, no matter how we end up with the vendor, we got reimbursed for the whole $9 million. It's still a charge we -- I mean, we're going to incur that charge. So our obligation, in our opinion, was to take care of the customer and the dealer network, and then secondly, take the charge. If we get all of it back or some of it back, we'd exclude it from our earnings performance anyway, which is why we think it's a one-time item. Now as far as the liability, we have deep liability protection if something were to happen. But this is -- it doesn't come to the insurance clause because it's really a product defect. No one's been hurt or injured. There's no difficulty. If you saw this valve, it's a casting. It's a pretty decent thing, maybe some of them the size of a bowling ball. And you've got this $2 part inside it, which if you don't change it out, 4 or 5 years from now -- they normally do, but it might not last for 4 or 5 years. It's something that we're just not comfortable with.
Brian D. Jellison: Chris, if you just look at it, it was $5.76. We took it at $5.72, so it's $0.04. And there's $0.06 or $0.07 in these 2 items, which were unknown at the time of previous guidance, which would be Zetec and the situation with the life science research. So we've actually increased the low and net of those 2 negatives. So I don't really see -- I don't see the point frankly.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, we always prefer 1 large deal, 1 is easier than 2; 2 are easier than 3. And if we had our druthers, we'd do a $1 billion a year or $1 billion and another one for $200 million or $300 million. So it's an easy thing for us to do. There a lot of opportunities that are in that space. We tend -- we performed at such high gross margins and EBITDA performance, things we buy are always worth a lot of money. They don't carry massive revenue or massive fixed assets that other people buy. But we just like the idea of a larger transaction. I think when you get a Sunquest or an MHA, just like years ago when we acquired the TransCore and Neptune, you get exceptional, high-quality management. They're career-oriented people. They've got lots of succession people lined up. They're just far less risky than guys that are buying -- if you said, "Let's buy 10 $100 million bolt-ons that I could save a turn of EBITDA," I'll leave other people with that strategy. That's not our strategy. We want to buy and help people grow and use our tools to asset -- drive down their assets and reallocate their investment strategies. And that's what they do so well. So nothing's changing in that respect.
Brian D. Jellison: I don't think so. But there are certainly things in the pipeline. I mean, you'd have a rare month here, where we weren't actively engaged in a transaction with somebody.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, Neptune has done really well if they didn't have those -- you can't give us any forgiveness for losing one customer. But without that, Neptune was up over 10% in the second quarter. So we're tracking to very, very, very solid performance of Neptune. And we expect that they're going to perform well in the second half of the year once we get rid of this sort of measurement [ph] transition with that customer. So I think that's fine. The housing starts, we have such a big share of water meters in North America. I mean, if you have 30%, 40% share and you [indiscernible] the housing starts, where are those starts? Most of them are not in Bergen County [ph] . Most of these housing starts are in the south and the Southeast or the far west, we're very important. Anytime you're digging water meter pits, we have a very high share of that market. And that's what new construction looks like in most of the world when you're at or below the cost line. So it doesn't take much in the way those to help a lot. Now the other thing that happens is if you have an increase in housing starts, the normalized activity for replacement sometimes because of labor shortages and the municipal water facilities gets postponed a little bit while they're doing the activity around the new starts. So the 2 -- it's not necessarily one is unrelated to the other a little bit. But net-net, if you were to ask us if it would've been up 10% Neptune, excluding the customer loss in the second quarter, we would've probably said, "Well, it'd be difficult, but we achieved it."
Brian D. Jellison: Yes, there's a couple -- so our Roper Pump business, which actually reports in industrial and non-energy, has become largely an energy business frankly. That business has directional drilling products, which are a best-of-class in certain kinds of applications. And we're starting a new facility in Texas to take advantage of larger-diameter drilling mechanisms that we have developed. And we have a very special heat-resistant operation, which is unique. And really vendors are anxious to get us up and moving so they could shift over to those products. So that's driven a good deal of growth in Roper Pump. But the rest of oil and gas is really the refinery businesses which are back making instrumentation acquisitions. And then our Compressor Control business, which is at heart of pipeline technology for feeds and speeds around turbine compressor. And that business is doing well and continues to do well. So there's sort of no negatives for us in the oil and gas arena. And then we consider Zetec and our other sensor businesses in energy to be really industrial and more industrial. And by the way, just as an additional thing, Matt, you had asked about Zetec. Well, we've got 21 people, which was 8% of the workforce here this month.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, we've looked at a number of things, Richard, that we thought were pretty attractive and are in the energy arena. And they, for the most part, either have a high degree of embedded software or firmware in the product or they, in fact, are software companies. And there's 2 that we had recent discussions with that we like. But just we don't think they're really quite right in their kind of development life, if you will. We think they've got some work they need to complete. And if they get that done, well, we'd be really happy to circle back with them. And so those are things that might happen. There are a large number of people that tend to be in the -- remember, the sort of cash register world we live in around CBORD and Horizon and some other people that are collecting information that people use for invoice and processing. So there are businesses like that, that we look at and talk about frequently. Certainly, MHA has opened up an opportunity to look at some other businesses that are complementary to those businesses in senior care and just a number of different things that are going on there. People know that we're -- we just invested nearly $2.5 billion at Sunquest and MHA, so the investment banking community tends to just deluge you with things that are similar to that. And they certainly have done that. We haven't found any of those yet to be very compelling and we have other conversations that we like that are more directly related to our existing businesses around bolt-ons. And we have the luxury of generating cash in a hurry and we're always going to do a great thing as opposed to just doing something to have activity. So that's kind of where it is.
Brian D. Jellison: Understand the second quarter is that idea that they're down 2%, when 1/3 of TransCore came in, in the second quarter last year is not a normalized number.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, I think we said that we expect revenue to be in the 5% to probably 6% in Q3 and somewhere between 6% and 9% in Q4.
Brian D. Jellison: Well, those things, and when you get orders are always really very, very lumpy. So we're involved in a number of big projects. We've got a good deal of new activity that we're looking at in Dubai. We have new activity in some other portions of the Emirates. We have additional activity we're working on in Puerto Rico. And then we have substantial activity here in the U.S. that we're working on. We've really beefed up our regional sales organization so that we're getting much more direct customer focus than we frankly have had in the past. We've got considerable amount of management talent. And those guys are very, very bullish about what they think will happen in 2014 and 2015, so they would expect record performance off of these various projects. And then the profitability is -- sort of circles around what the mix of the business is because the reader technology and the tags, of course, are higher-margin than the service business, but the service business has higher total revenue. So while we wouldn't establish guidance yet for 2014, we would expect for our ITS and Amtech businesses to have growth that could well be above the company projection for 2014. And I think, John, with that, we're 9:30.
John Humphrey: So the places where we're seeing a lot of bid activity, it actually moves beyond. So we have pipeline applications, particularly with some technology with the United Controls. So the UCG acquisition, the bolt-on we did about 2 years ago, some of that technology is able to be applied to some additional pipeline opportunities that we really didn't have technology for back when it was only CCC. So that's been helpful. And there's more activity on the upstream side. So CCC has done quite a bit on the upstream side, particularly on offshore platforms with control systems for compressors in those situations. And so they're seeing more activity there. I mean, predicting win rates is always a difficult thing, but there is sufficient bid activity there for us to see CCC as being somewhere between mid- and high single-digit growth for the next few years.
John Humphrey: I mean, I didn't -- it is clearly helping -- I don't have the exact contribution amount for MHA separate from the rest of it. At both Sunquest and MHA come in with -- because the way their business model operates, as well as because the value they provide to customers, both of them come in at north of 75% gross margins because all of the value they're providing is really in the operating expense side with the technology and the customer support model, the contracting arm, all of the software developers in those 2 businesses. So on a gross margin basis, they come in pretty high. Obviously, on an EBITDA margin, they're also above the company average as well. But, Deane, I'd have to get back to you with the specifics on how much MHA helps. But I know that even excluding MHA, we had gross margin expansion in the segment.
John Humphrey: Chris, I've got to say, I'm not quite sure I understand the question. I mean, we always try to do our best to provide an outlook for the rest of the year that we think is balanced and balanced between both risks and opportunities that we see across the portfolio of businesses. And that's kind of where we've come out with respect to taking a look at our guidance of $5.72 to $5.86. We think it's pretty well-balanced on both the plus and the minus.
John Humphrey: Well, so our covenant on the -- on our credit facility on a leverage basis, debt to EBITDA is 3.5x. And given our commitment to and desire to stay an investment-grade company, I don't see that 3.5x as being a constraint for us at this point. I mean, we're comfortable where we are. We'd be comfortable going up to 3x. And based upon the quality of whatever acquisition, we'd probably be able to spike above that without touching or getting close to the covenant items. I mean, this is a credit facility that, at $1.5 billion, is providing us with an awful lot of liquidity and allows us to have conversations to never have a financing contingency and those things. So it's a real powerful tool for us and frankly, it's not one that we're looking to redo. When it comes due in another 3 or 4 years, we'll take a fresh look at that.
John Humphrey: I mean, the toll and traffic business continues to do very well for us. They have a very strong backlog with a couple of key project wins in Houston and also Harris County, which is also like Houston. So replacing and upgrading an awful lot of their in-lane equipment. So that's a project that we won earlier this year that we'll probably roll out over the next 3 or 4 years. And then the Florida tag upgrade project, which is important not only because of what we're able to do for Florida, but it also, once again, demonstrates the ability that TransCore has in almost a unique fashion to be able to have customers migrate from older technology to newer technology in a very seamless way. We have multiple protocols as technology has evolved. And so the, if you will, the language that those tags and readers speak has improved over time. And so we have the unique ability to have a multiprotocol reader, which allows them to have older hard case tags, as well as the newer sticker tags and a couple of other versions of those in one, single, seamless operating environment. And so that's the important technology for Florida but also for other areas that might look to be able to move up the technology curve as well. So I mean -- so those things are going extremely well. The Virginia ITS project is underway and will start to help out in the second half, as well as into the first half of next year. So we see a lot of positive things that are on the horizon for the toll and traffic business.
John Humphrey: So it's not just next-gen software, it's really upgrades and additional applications to the installed base. So that's what is happening. So -- and particularly, as hospitals look to utilize the software in the lab in order to be able to comply with meaningful use regulations, the existing sets of customers have been able to meet the first level of meaningful use with existing Sunquest software suite. And then there are additional applications that are necessary to demonstrate meaningful use into 2014. It's those upgrades that have created a sizable, a very nice backlog of activity for Sunquest. And they are ramping up their delivery capability against what's a much larger set of net new orders or additional applications than what they've ever experienced in the past. So from a revenue basis, it's always a little bit, I think, questionable to compare against pre-acquisition times because you're never quite sure everything that was in there. Even with the amount of diligence that we've done, it's not subject to SEC reporting and all the other things associated with that. But we see the revenue on a pro forma basis up kind of in the low to mid-single-digits. But we expect that to be better in the fourth quarter as they continue to execute against the sizable backlog. And it's not until the fourth quarter when Sunquest will turn organic from a reporting standpoint because we do wait until we have a full quarter to compare against under our ownership.
John Humphrey: MHA does not actually have very much deferred revenue at all. So most of the deferred -- in fact, the deferred revenue growth that you see in the second quarter is annual renewals at our CBORD and Horizon businesses, as well as additions at Sunquest. It really does not apply with MHA.
John Humphrey: It is. Yes. So a, it's a positive move. And it's also a little seasonal with respect to when the renewal period happens for college and university customers. Those renewals generally happen in the second quarter due to their fiscal year and the way they roll out new projects. Even without that though, it's still a nice increase for us.
John Humphrey: I would say that for the segment in total, it will be about similar to what the total company will be in the second half from an organic basis. True, the drag on Zetec will hurt that, but the oil and gas portion of that segment is actually growing faster than the company. So net-net, it's kind of in line. So as we look across the 4 segments for the second half, we see more of the organic side coming from RF, less of the organic coming from industrial because we do still have a little bit of the headwind, although it does go away by the time we get to fourth quarter with that customer loss. And then the rest of it kind of in the range.
John Humphrey: From a margin perspective, it's de minimis. They're all about the same type of margin profile. The only time when we have a little bit of margin movement, if you will, is when, for example, on our Toronto project, where we're not only providing the meters and technology but also doing the installation services. So that's something unique to the Neptune business in Canada. And the installation services, which is the labor force and temporary labor that we're able to bring on for in order to do the installs themselves, that labor portion doesn't have the same type of technology and other things that we have embedded in the meter. And so it comes at a slightly lower margin. But other than that, all the meters are generally similar in terms of margin profile.
John Humphrey: Okay. So once again, thank you, all, for joining us. And we look forward to talking to you again in 3 months as we complete our third quarter.
