Jason Conley: Thanks, Neil. Let's dive right in on Slide 6. Q1 was an excellent first installment to 2024. Revenue was 14% over prior year to $1.68 billion. Organic growth of 8% was led by double-digit growth at our TEP segment and solid mid-single-digit growth across our application software and network software segments.   Of note, organic recurring revenue grew 7% and despite known headwinds at our Freight Match and Foundry businesses. Acquisitions contributed 6 points of growth led by Syntellis, which is a large bolt-on for our Strata platform that closed in Q3 of last year, and Procare, which closed at the end of February.   Regarding Procare, integration is going really well, and we're excited to work with [ Joe and Kinzel ] and her team to drive continued growth and innovation in the attractive early childhood education market. EBITDA was $676 million, which was 16% over prior year. EBITDA incremental margin of 44% translated into EBITDA margin of 40.2% and represented 60 basis points of expansion. This was fueled by gross margin expansion of 100 basis points to 70.3%. Our market-leading businesses compete on customer intimacy and deliver demonstrable value to their customers which we consistently realize in our high gross margin profile. Debt of $4.41 was above our guidance of $4.30 to $4.34. Importantly, free cash flow was strong at $513 million, up 15% over prior year and our trailing 12-month free cash flow surpassed $2 billion for the first time in Roper's history.   Looking over a 4-year horizon, revenue and EBITDA CAGRs are 13% on a quarterly basis. For free cash flow, we take a broader lens and a review on a trailing 12-month basis, which generated an 11% CAGR over this period. Adjusting for cash tax payments related to Section 174 which went into effect and impacted the period -- the current period's free cash flow by $80 million.   The normalized CAGR is 13% over this period. For 2024, we still expect free cash flow margins of 30% or more. With that, we can turn to Slide 7 to talk about our balance sheet. Following our Procare acquisition, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio came in at 2.9x at quarter end. Our revolver, which provides us with $3.5 billion of immediate liquidity was utilized to fund the Procare acquisition, bringing the drawn balance to $1.75 billion.   With strong, consistent cash generation and a well-positioned balance sheet, we have the capacity to deploy $4 billion or more towards high-quality acquisitions. And I'll reiterate our commitment to remain a solid investment-grade issuer as access to investment-grade capital markets is fundamental to Roper's strategy. In terms of what we're seeing in deal markets, our pipeline of acquisition opportunities is growing and quite attractive. As always, we will remain patient and disciplined in allocating capital to opportunities with highest risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back over to Neil to talk through our segment detail and updated guidance. 
Jason Conley: So Julian, it's -- like you said, it's about playing out as we expected, down low singles for the year. Not much change from our perspective last quarter. So yes, that's kind of the current guiding assumption. 
Jason Conley: No, not really. I mean we feel good about our guidance being raised for the full year. And if you look -- we look back a quarter ago, our Q2 guidance is consistent with what we thought 90 days ago. So I think if you go back to like '21 and '22, we were actually flat Q1 to Q2 on like a segment EBITDA basis. And that's usually the normal motion for us. Last year, we did move up sequentially, but that was driven by some [indiscernible], there were some strong deliveries led by Verathon and then this year, Verathon is coming out strong out of the gate. So we don't have that dynamic this year.  And then usually, AS steps down a little bit in earnings due to some Vertafore timing, but we didn't have that dynamic last year. So I think we feel good about sort of the progression from Q1 to Q2 on an operating basis. And in terms of the second half, we'll start to see the accretion of Procare with this -- it's got sequential growth throughout the year and then we'll have, of course, reduced interest expense as we pay down the revolver. So I feel pretty good about the progression going throughout 2024. 
Jason Conley: Yes. I mean, obviously, we had a really strong Q1. So part of that is just carrying that through and a lot of that was at TEP and then we had some various small beats across software. So I think it's mainly what we saw in Q1 and then just the confidence that we're going to be able to sort of maintain our prior guidance for the out quarters. 
Jason Conley: Yes. No, that's right. I mean we do have benefits and scale with some of the agreements with our large cloud service providers. So that's been beneficial for companies to do some experimentation at a very low cost. And then we're just allocating a lot of mind share towards that, so we can collectively get better. But in terms of like allocating capital that just hasn't been front-centered out. The company has a really compelling value proposition. We're always going to entertain that, but that's not what we're seeing today. 
Jason Conley: Yes. At the macro level, we're a little over $900 million of maintenance today, maintenance revenue and if you go back maybe in the last 5 years, we've converted the base of maintenance probably like in the mid- to high single-digit area. So we still have a lot of room left, and we convert that maintenance revenue at 2 to 2.5x when we go to SaaS. And so that's kind of where we're at today.  And there's a -- Neil can talk about the specific businesses. There's a handful of businesses that are transitioning. I'd say Aderant is one that's probably had the biggest migration over the last 3 or 4 years, which happened right at co -- that was an industry that was reluctant to move to the cloud and then all of a sudden, once a few firms when they all win. So they're right in the in the thick of things in terms of that cloud migration. But Neil, do you want to talk about some other. 
Jason Conley: Yes. I mean I think it's playing out as we thought it would when we acquired it back in 2018, 2019 area, it's in the high single-digit plus range and maybe it tilt a little higher down the road. But that's sort of where it's tracking. And just Adam Boone was added to the team a month ago, and we're excited about him joining along with Pat. So we're excited about the process for our pipeline. 
Jason Conley: Yes, sure. So we talked a little bit about MHA had a really strong quarter, and we think they're still -- they're going to continue to grow this year. But Q1 was especially strong as they had a contract renegotiations. So we got a little bit of a bump in organic growth in the first quarter. And then DAT & Loadlink, they'll continue to be down this year. And so maybe a touch lower than Q1. So that's what's driving the sort of low single digits throughout the rest of the year. 
Jason Conley: No. I mean, I think it all plays out, Alex, in our products segment and our TEP segment over the first quarter, we just had a better compare and just the ramp that we had in Neptune last year, it's sort of the comps sort of normalize out in the balance of the year. So it's really just that. It's no more complicated than that. And so that's why Q1 was -- and that's -- when we came into the year, that's what we had indicated that Q1 was going to be the kind of the high mark in terms of organic unless things change in our assumptions. 
Neil Hunn: And as far as on the carrier side, it's actually been pretty stable for the last several months. It hasn't improved. It has been stable. And when you take that stability and you put it against the prior year comp, that's what drives to the outlook for the year. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. So if I can hit that, Deane. So it was about what we expected. We had a couple more days in, but it was a little over $20 million of revenue came in sort of about as we expected in terms of EBITDA margin in the mid-30s or so. And then I think what we -- from a cash flow perspective, it's more of a monthly sort of payment stream. So we don't get -- it's not like a frontline where they've got big renewals and the schools are paying them.  This is childhood education centers that are just sort of paying on a monthly basis, of course, there's a payment stream there, too, that we get that comes on a monthly basis. So it's more consistent throughout the year. And I think we're just off to a really good start in terms of the integration work. Of course, teams are quickly up and running from a financial standpoint. We're working through all the normal integration points around insurance and cyber and things like that. And then beyond that, we've been engaged in weekly conversations on progress against some defined value creation levers that we had around growth, and those are going really well. And super collaborative teams digging in and we're really on track for the milestones we agreed upon right after close. So just feeling really good about the momentum there. 
Neil Hunn: It's consistent, right? So it's just -- if you think about software is obviously consistent month-to-month. And then the payments, they might get a little bit more at the beginning of the year, but it's modest. It's pretty consistent throughout the year. Of course, they're growing, right? So it's going to -- it will ramp up sequentially throughout the year. But just overall, in terms of a business model, it's pretty consistent throughout the year, not a lot of seasonality. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. So for a long -- Deane, as you know, Neptune over a long arc of time is a slow and steady share gainer for sure. I think it proves out in all the market data we see and continues to research it. Relative short-term performance, we think it's a combination of a couple of things.  First is there has been -- they're working through an unprecedented amount of backlog. So that has certainly happened. But then when COVID happened and the Northeast, in particular, where a lot of the meter sets or inside people's homes versus outside, there was basically a stall of that activity yet the customers -- our customers still have obligations to stay on their maintenance schedules.  So if there was 1 year, 1.5 years of slower maintenance schedule sort of execution, that's being deployed now. We think that's happening over a 3-, 4-year period. So if you will, maybe 5 or 5.5 years demand squeezed into 4. So that's the market dynamic that's driving some of the growth that we're very much in the midst of. We expect that to continue well in the next year.  Final thing I'd say is there's just nice momentum on the new technologies that Neptune has in the field, both in terms of solid state  ultrasonic meters, both on the resi side and large commercial side as well as just the cellular and the meter data management software that we have that really helps our customers have better network connectivity. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. Joe, that's the Procare business coming online, right? So we talked about 75% or so of their revenue is payments. And so that's showing up in the recurring line. 
Neil Hunn: A lot in there, Jason and I'll do our best to cover all points, if we don't cover one pull us, I'll bring it back to it. So we're very optimistic at the moment. I think it's for really all the reasons you talk about. So there are a very large number of deals in the market and coming to the market.  We have very good instrumentation relationships with both the sponsors and all the investment banker intermediaries, the bankers, pipelines are full. And so there is just a lot of stuff coming. So why is that? There was essentially not a lot of stuff for [ 18 ] or so months prior. So in the private equity world, it's all about DPI and getting money back to the LPs.  The LP pressure is mounted to the point where they want the capital return. And so we're just going to compress 2.5 years worth of deals in 1 year, 1.5 years. And so there's going to be a lot of activity. Relative to the competition point, because of this -- this is our belief, my belief for a window of time here that the asset class of private equity that we compete with is going to be a net seller of assets versus a net buyer here for a period of time.  So Procare is an indication for what's to come, then the competition is less. It's not without competition, but it is less than we've seen for in prior periods, which leads to valuation. I mean if you look at the Procare valuation, I mean that was a very high growth, very high quality business at a very reasonable price. I think it's really a combination of the volume of deals that maybe our view on competition. We'll also I mean any of this -- the number of deals is almost for sure going to happen.  This concept of competition could change at any moment. But that's our -- that's what's fueling sort of our optimism. To your point about this $4 billion enough, we're just always about the cash flow compounding of the enterprise being investment grade, using the leverage and being unbiased and disciplined in our approach. And so we're going to stay true to that and look at every deal on a deal-by-deal basis. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. We'll certainly give you an update on that. So we continue to grind away at this. So we have done a lot of work engaging with all 28 of our businesses, both on the internal productivity-based applications around R&D, customer for live customer support go-to-market, admin, HR, finance, regulatory, et cetera, have a call at lunch with a large group of our leaders today on just that topic.  We're starting to see some early wins on productivity, like most of us are in code assistance, marketing content generation, things like that. So cautiously optimistic about productivity enhancements. As it relates more directly to your question around products and the market and monetization. This is going to be a slow and steady race about how do you use these tools to create incremental value for our customers.  Again, you know we compete on intimacy. That intimacy leads us to know very specific problems and very specific questions that need to be addressed. We have a new technology set to be able to do that. Companies that have products in the market today using GenAI, Aderant, Deltek, DAT, ConstructConnect and Foundry by our account, there may be a few others. Two quarters ago, I think that the count was 0. And so we like the momentum in that regard.  In terms of monetization, it's still early days. Our belief -- like for the moment at least, we're monetizing the GenAI investments by having -- by adding that toolset and capability to our existing products in unique ways and then that is creating more value in the products, which is driving in almost all cases, bookings acceleration with those products, and in some cases, higher price points because of the value that's achieved through the tools.  So that's where I leave it. Happy to follow up, say, if you want to add, Jason. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. So on Procare when we announced the deal, we talked about how we believe, this is going to be a mid-teens organic growth business. The market is growing 10% or a little north of that. Procare is about 1.5x relative market share. And so with that leadership position and market growth, broker has the right to win that big share and grow above market.  In terms of your question, Terry, is bolt-on activity inside of Procare, there's a couple of areas that Janet and her team with the leadership team at Procare are exploring, we. Tuck in a couple of bolt-on type products that sell into the network. But I think at Procare, the bolt-ons are going to be modest on a go-forward basis. 
Neil Hunn: So I would say no, but perhaps the reason is very -- there's some, but very little of our revenue is seat-based pricing. There's some, like I said, -- and where that exists, we're transitioning to a different metric. So as you get more disruption with GenAI or the knowledge workers sort of get more productive, we certainly want to benefit by that, not be penalized by that. But it's not been something that's been brought up by any of our companies in any of our operating or strategy reduce. 
Neil Hunn: So far, it's been very differential. I think the expectation is the competitors will have their response for sure. I'm just double-click on that a bit, though, which is we tend -- we are across all 20 of our businesses, we operate in these very small markets, and we are the largest player in the small market.  So we have that advantage around scale in these small markets to be able to do more product development, do more research and development, do more -- invest more and go to market to get these tools there. And so that is a long-term advantage that we have and why we select the businesses we do to be part of the portfolio. The other thing is when you compete on intimacy with Generative AI, all these verticals that we have, we obviously have the knowledge and the content and the data. And that's only half the question. The other half the problem. The other half of the problem, though, is we are so -- we compete on intimacy so we actually know what questions to answer. So we have the content, the data and the question and now the Generative AI, it's just another tool in the toolkit about how to solve those problems. So we like our long-term competitive positions. 
Neil Hunn: So these tools are not free, but they are substantially less expensive than these large language models that have to be developed, right? And so there is the research and development part of the application of the LLM and what we're doing, and then there's the operational costs. Jason did a teach-in a couple of months ago about the ROI case studies and all of this stuff.  So far, we've not seen an ROI case study that's been challenged in any meaningful way on this front. I'm sure that will happen as you start to work down the curve of opportunities. But we're not -- at the moment, we're not going to try to do a one-size-fits-all Roper Generative AI solution because it would just not work because of the 28 different applications. Jason, anything you want to add. 
Neil Hunn: As Jason said, I mean, it is this $900 million of on-premise maintenance is concentrated in a handful of businesses. The examples we give would start with Deltek. It's both on the cost point, which is our government contracting core product and Vantage Point, which is their private sector, their engineering, architecture product. You might have seen, for instance, on cost point, this quarter, Deltek achieved FedRAMP Moderate ready status. So there is a requirement the government puts on for security. It's a meaningful checkpoint for cost point in the cloud, almost all net new for the private sector part of Deltek's book is sole and Vantage Point, which is in the cloud and SaaS enabled. Jason talked about Aderant, 80-plus percent of all of Aderant bookings today are in the cloud, talked about PowerPlan. PowerPlan has one, a handful of core applications. I would say their #2 application is cloud-enabled and being deployed today. So we're definitively rolling through that book in that product set and building into this long-term SaaS business. 
Neil Hunn: Yes, I'll take the first part. I'll let Jason talk about the growth outlook. So -- it's not -- I mean, we have a new president there, Pat McDonald. He is just hired as new CFO, as you referenced, really like the leadership mindset, the competitive orientation, the learning orientation, the building capability to be able to take long term, in that short term that the new leader brings to iPipeline.  His predecessor [indiscernible], he's been a long-term Roper leader, did a great job for a couple of years setting that business up. Retention is super strong, love sort of the market -- this company is really poised for market share gains. It's good market focus. The competitive environment, one, is tilting our direction for sure. The business has network effects. So I really like the momentum and what we're poised to do in that business. And then, Jason, I will let you take the growth question. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. So we touched on this last year, just DAT getting ahead of where they saw the market was going and taking some of the fixed costs out of the business. And so we're just realizing that through the first 3 quarters of this year. We think the margins in that -- I don't think it's going to get -- it's going to expand further. We're sort of in the 55%, 56% range. We expect that to continue throughout the year. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. I mean I think the organic growth expectations are the same in the second quarter as they are for the year. So no real big swings there. And then cash flow on the second quarter, it's always the quarter that we make to federal tax payments. So it's always the lowest of the year. So that's really the only dynamic I would point out there. If you look over prior years, that's always our low point, but still expect to grow, of course. 
Neil Hunn: And I would just add, Alex, to what Jason said, we assume that there is the freight conditions and whatnot that, that is muted, but we've assumed that all the way through, it's not a new assumption, but there is definitely back half macroeconomic weak impacts in that part of our business. That did not change, but it's embedded from our original guidance. 
