Brian Jellison: Well I think, you’ve been around us a lot to know that I am not a fan of return on invested capital where people look at stuff and don’t add back accumulated depreciation and don’t really realize how much future drawn cash, their CapEx will be. So in our world we look at new cash return on investment. So in that case, you look at the net earnings of the business and then you add back the non-cash charges and you divide it by the gross investment which is the physical plant & equipment plus accumulative depreciation plus networking capital. All of this acquisitions are well above 100% cash returns many of them are in the several hundred percent, cash return basis and some of them get paid in advance for what they do, so they have a negative cash return which is even more powerful. So they are all doing it very well, I think there is a general rule and more you can assume that our acquisitions are going to come in and they’re going to be substantially above the 34% EBITDA margin that the overall enterprise has and that they are going to have higher gross margins than the enterprise and they’re going to have higher cash returns than the enterprise. 
Brian Jellison: I think that we don’t sort of budget like let’s deploy $1 billion. So just thinking about what we think about it is very simple is we’re going to deploy our cash flow, we’re going to leverage it three times or more debt to the acquired EBITDA. So given this usually its more between 1.35 and 1.5 times our -- the powder of whatever our cash flow is. So if we have 1 billion in operating cash flow, we pay out some dividends or whatever and we multiply that to the acquisitions, it is very easy for us to deploy a 1.3 billion to 1.5 billion all the time. So that’s why we say we’ll deploy 8 billion over the next four or five years and as we said we deployed 2 billion in the last 15 months, we could easily deploy 2 billion in the next 15 months. So it’s not like a budgetary thing, Scott. I mean we’re looking at things now that are over 2 billion and we’re looking at things that are in the mid-100s of million and which ones we do and when they close is never thought of as a budget kind of thing but our balance sheet capacity and our debt ratios give us as much or more opportunities to invest than we’ve ever had. 
Brian Jellison: We got a little bit towards the end of last year in anticipation of the difficulty we did more in the first quarter, we’ll do couple of million dollars here probably in the second quarter, some of that you make the announcement, it takes a long time for people in Europe but we’ll continue to pull back a little bit on the sort of baseline SG&A, but the businesses are really small I think if you add them all up we had about 65 million of oil and gas revenue in energy and about 10 million in industrial, right. So, they really don’t have huge cost basis, they are very high margin businesses, if you look at them with sort of 30% pretax numbers or higher there is just not a lot of cost beside that takeout, we don’t have big factories that we have to worry about with absorption issues and what have you. So there is another couple of million, I think we feel like where we could be.
Brian Jellison: We saw in organic basis for medical we were up 9% versus last year and the book to bill ratio was somewhere to the total, just a little bit above 1 even on core basis. 
Brian Jellison: So the pricing component for the branded drugs is continuing to be a positive contributor there, you do have some other impacts around generics which are either down a little bit or flat in prior you know last in couple of years those have actually been up, so in that net-net pricing is about -- is up very modestly for that not very much. 
Brian Jellison: Sure, yes. I think it will be in a low 30% range for the year, of course the timing of that -- the software businesses that we have are clearly higher margin, the timing associated with some of our toll and traffic projects which are often times little bit more on the equity side, and have a little bit more of a cost component to them even though there is not any negative drag from a cash flow prospective. Those margins come in a little bit below the average for the segment and so it’s about timing of the IPS project of the toll and traffic project, but will effect that. We still see north of 30% margins here for the remainder of the year.
Brian Jellison: You know I think too we’re seeing on the medical, we want to have people understand, but we’re going to continue make acquisitions there, we have extraordinary margins that we had with Sunquest and MHA. We’re going to make lot of acquisitions and we’re going to have better then enterprise margins, but they’ll be dilutive to software component inside medical. So this doesn’t bother as in any way. Now medical products had spectacular performance versus the medical software which in services -- so we’ve put Sunquest and MHA in the medical software services component and they were down a little bit organically in the first quarter, medical products was up more than double digit and off-course we still have the little bit corruption around imagining because we’ve actually been intentionally winding down certain of kind of imaging businesses while we’re going to have much better growth in Gatan. But the camera stuff this, we are trying to only participate in profitable markets, I don’t know if that helps you, but that’s the best way to explain it.
Brian Jellison: Well, we like that they’re not going down. They're inching ahead into low single-digit growth in both sectors, but industrials are going to have better growth because of Neptune. And then in energy we are getting a bit better growth in small business called DJ Instruments, we have business called Alpha that should have a stronger second half and Zetec is high single digits, might even get to the 10% growth, that’s really becoming a secular trend for that. So for a while with Fukushima and other problems with bringing things online, Zetec was really challenged. But today these people are working with us on all kinds of new applications, so we feel really quite good about that. But it’s a relatively small business within the enterprise, but nonetheless important.
Brian Jellison: I don’t think, it's really the IPO market, because generally the kind of things we acquire are things that probably wouldn’t go the IPO route. They would either go to a strategic or they’d get flipped to another private equity group. So I think there is a lot of forces of the work, there has certainly been lumpy feedback to sellers about just how much debt capacity they can get on things. Although frankly we don’t ever see any -- well we see one thing right now but it's got six-times staple, but another one that we’re really pursuing as a six and three quarter staple, there are still some seven staples. But the cost of debt has flipped around quite a lot, sometimes the mezzanine portion unsecured bonds of 10.5% other times they are 9% and the LIBOR 4% has been in play sometimes, maybe they gets 4.75 on the term loan. But it's really isn’t because there’ll be LIBOR 4 of 100 spent, 5.75. So I do think that there are a lot of private equity people feel as that they’ve got an asset that they are going to sell in the foreseeable future, it may still be as good a time now to sale. And they changed weekly, and first they are very opportunistic right; so our situation, we are not affected by those things and our ability to finance stuff is certainly easier and better than their cost of debt, so I think that helps. But also there is lot of things we are looking at, they have been in various portfolios for a while, and they need to get out. They might be more worried about the financing markets in 2017 than they are announced. So I can think of the time we’ve made a call, somebody has talked to them about their business that they haven’t said come on over.
Brian Jellison: Well, what happens is, if you just think about the things that are going away that are reflecting us negatively. I mean if you adjusted for all of our headwinds, which is ridiculous. When you adjust for everything, it's bad. But if you really look through headwinds, we would have been up over 3.5% organically. So the idea that we are going up 2 to 4 organically over the course of the year is not a big challenge. I mean we should do pretty well in the second half, now things that can effect that are going to be the adoption rate of new products and some versions of software that are rolling out in second half, but you never know what those adoption rates will look like, great. So if they are high then we have a much better opportunity to get to that midpoint number above if they are moderate then it's harder. The second thing on the tolling projects, we have an enormous amount of bid activity right now. But there is never anything us as a supplier can do to influence the beginning or the execution of those projects. So if they go at an expected pace then that helps, if they go as a slow pace that it’s not particularly helpful and then last year we got nothing, out of the year-end instrumentation businesses in terms of seasonality, that’s the only time that’s happened in a decade. So we would expect to get some more modest returns to seasonality in the fourth quarter in those instrumentation businesses. So those are the things that will determine where we’re at, but within our guidance we’re certainly comfortable that we’re going to be within our guidance for the year irrespective of what happens with Q2 orders.
Brian Jellison: So as far as the segment is concerned, we expect that we are up in high single digits in the second quarter on an organic basis and that is aided a little bit by those acquisitions that turn organic because they’ve been growing, you’re right are well into the double digits even above 20% or maybe a little more. And so they add a couple of points to us for that --.
Brian Jellison: If you go to the 4% you’re absolutely right on the math. So kind of we’re at the midpoint, it’s closer to the 6% range for the second half.
Brian Jellison: Better view on the tolling project we’ll have a widely different view on product launches, little bit in the medical products, a little less so on the software version update. But I think maybe you want to think about the fact, we saw we have this sort of artificial, we thought it is real, but we have a 3% to 4% organic drag because in Puerto Rico that goes away right Toronto goes away. So, so many things go away in the segments and they wind up with, if they were growing 3% to 4% organically, some are already growing 3% organically they are just. 
Brian Jellison: All the restructuring is centered around the oil and gas businesses and so a substantial amount of that is Roper pump which is virtually all off -- not, almost all upstream and has just collapsed. I mean it takes your breath away if you look at the numbers in the first quarter of ’14 versus here. So, we’ve done quite a bit of restructuring there and we’ve done some restructuring at compressor controls and we’ll continue to do more because their underlying service revenue will continue to be good and even grow. Plus the project activity around Compressor Controls will be off quite substantially. So Q2, I’m going to guess $2 million additional as some of these European things finally come to bore. Be less than 3 million or 4 million in the last six months I’d say.
Brian Jellison: And Robert where you really see it, look at the detrimental margins and energy and you can see that they’re dramatically lower than the gross margin. So people really do a great job and find tuning things.
Brian Jellison: Well, the reality is that, if you look at the industrial and energy businesses, they just have outstanding independent results, right. So they’ve been kind of consolidated businesses with 30% EBITDA. They get all the internal investment they need and they throw off positive cash. So our view on that at least for now is good brief. I mean, why wouldn’t you want to have a portfolio that you could deploy all of your cash into the highest possible returning businesses. So why keep the capital deployment model by forcing to invest in businesses with inherently lower returns than the technology businesses with inherently higher returns, it just doesn’t make any sense for our investors. From an investor view point, if you split the industrial and energy, you’re going to redeploy cash and stuff that produces dramatically lower returns than the high stuff, I don’t know why investors would like us for doing that.
Brian Jellison: Well, I don’t think so. We’ll continue to watch what people say about that. There is GAAP really does distort a lot of things around cash. So I think we’re content with showing people what the GAAP number is and what the non-GAAP number is. This particular year though, because all acquisitions come in, the loss of non-cash amortization. So it doesn’t show up in operating profit, it distorts the number. So we want to have people understand that things are absolutely fine here. But we haven’t gone to the point of saying, well here is what the cash earnings are, here is our share count and that’s the earnings, cash earnings per share basis.
Brian Jellison: I’m not sure we understand that question Chris. So there is a lot of happens. When you do an acquisition, say you do a $1 billion acquisition. You’re going to have 2.5% or 3% or maybe more of the purchase price filling into non-cash amortization. So if you deploy a $1 billion are going to have all that cash deployment that’s gone into something never coming back, it’s not like capital reinvest that’s continued to reinvesting and the depreciation is a call in the future. So that non-cash amortization on the billion might be $30 million. So it shows up in GAAP as a reduction in operating profit, when in reality it’s an increasing cash earnings. So that’s all we’re talking about.
Brian Jellison: We’re absolutely investing in product management. I mean, just like we said R&D is up 120 basis points. Our sales investments and product management they’re excelling, they’re probably up another 110 basis points. That isn’t going to change. We’re going to continue drive for long-term growth.
John Humphrey: We’re still in the same spot as we were when we issued the guidance with respect to the full year, in the 2% to 4% organic, that does imply or in fact it’s a part of our expectation that the second half will be in the mid-single digit organic growth, second quarter would be about flat. 
John Humphrey: No, we’re not in fact that it was about what we had expected, in the it encompasses both from deal expenses as well as the equity compensation for the Company is all recorded that the corporate G&A line, in fact the stock price is up nicely from where it was last year that’s reflecting in that number also.
John Humphrey: And remember the margins in this segment are just extra ordinary [multiple speakers], we expect our operating basis to maintain in the mid-30% all year.
John Humphrey: We didn’t have any fee booking at that time. That was in radio frequency software where we had a situation in the UK that we really decided with all parties would we better if they did something other than what they were asking us to do. So we debooked a couple of million dollars in the quarter.
John Humphrey: And to put a little bit of more context on this. If you look at the number of people and industrial technology is down 10% more it was last year, saying first quarter this year versus first quarter last year. And then our energy segment it’s down, I think 7% or 8%. So our costs unlike most other companies, our cost or people related. We never like to brag about having to reduce people, but when volume goes down, it’s a necessary part of the retrenchment process. And so to put a little bit of contacts around that right, we’ll take big restructuring charges that cost a lot of cash, so you have to close down factories or take out capacity. But we have had quite a substantial reduction in the number of people, who workforce in those two segments.
John Humphrey: And as we continue to really become much more of a technology company as oppose to manufacturing company. SG&A is that’s where our value add is for customers. It’s not really in the cost of goods sold line. It’s about whether you’re able to machine the widget more efficiently than the next guy. If the intellectual capital which is inherent in the Research & Development, it’s in the engineering, it’s in the customer support and customer application people, show up as G&A. But those are value added resources for us. And as we continue to be more of a technology company, that’s how our P&L will continue to look like with less cost of goods sold and more on the SG&A side. Not as a cost to be reduced, but as an investment in the value producing parts of our enterprise.
John Humphrey: Thank you and thank you all for joining us this morning. And we look forward to talking to you again in July.
