Neil Hunn: Thanks, Zack, and good morning, everyone. As usual, we'll start with our second quarter highlights. I'll then turn our call over to Rob to discuss our financial results. I'll then walk us through the segment details and outlook, followed by our Q3 in 2019 guidance, then we'll open it up for Q&A. Next slide. We had another very strong quarter here at Roper. Revenue grew as expected, margin execution was strong and operating cash flow increased 13%. It was nice to see gross margins expand 90 basis points in the quarter increasing in both of our product segments. And we always like to see leverage down the P&L with EBITDA growing faster than revenue and cash flow outpacing that of EBITDA. Our software segments continued their strong momentum led by 6% organic growth and our network systems and software segment which saw broad based growth highlighted by DAT, iTrade, MHA and SoftWriters. Application software grew 2% despite a difficult comp against Deltek significant perpetual wins a year ago. Deltek continues to win in the marketplace with bookings up double-digits and SaaS adoption accelerating in the quarter. Growth in our Measurement & Analytical Solutions segment was led by high-single-digit growth in our medical product businesses as new products gain traction following recent investments. And Neptune strategic concepts continued with another solid quarter of growth. However, this was partially offset by expected decline to contain and a short cycle pause late in the quarter for industrial businesses, which represents approximately 8% of our annual revenues. We will discuss this later in the call, but we're maintaining a cautious stand and not assuming investment improvement in the second half of the year. Process technologies continues to do an impressive job executing through expected declines in oil and gas market. As many of you know, we closed the Foundry transaction in the quarter and onboarded the company into operating and governance model or very early things are off to a good start. And finally, our acquisition pipeline is quite active, and our balance sheet positions are exceptionally well to deploy capital in the second half. I'll now turn the call over to our CFO to walk you through our consolidated quarter results, Rob.
Neil Hunn: I'll appreciate the question. I'll give you some thoughts and ask Rob, if he has any additional. So, its first say, we got to note that we're, it's 8% of our business, it's 6 or 7 businesses over 45 that we're talking about. And we're maybe not the best read across to other things. But I'll tell you what we saw. So, April was just fine. Really no issues there. May saw a little bit of weakness and June saw a lot of weakness. Interestingly, it was across really all of the industrial businesses that we have, it was across geographies Europe might have been a little bit weaker than North America, but nothing discernible. And really, across different various end market it was an isolated to one end market. What we think, what we saw also was projects push, and then a bit of consumable or spare sort of destocking, right. So, it's really across both the capital piece and the recurring piece. Interesting, the first three weeks or so in July, we saw a pretty meaningful recovery. But we don't yet know enough, if that's just a bounce back from June or if it's -- or what the real root cause was, for a while we saw the declination across the quarter. It was window dressing for the quarter or if it was something around trade, tensions or something -- some folks waiting for lower interest rates, we don't yet know the root cause. And so, it's just a little too early for us to call a specific direction. So, we chose to be what we think is relatively concerted here. So, we saw down mid-single to the second quarter, our assumption is down high singles for the balance of the year. And we're managing the businesses assuming that that occurs, right. We don't want our leaders in these businesses to get sort of caught assuming a recovery and then it doesn't happen, then you have a margin problem. So, that's a bit of the color. And if Rob if you want to add any additional.
Neil Hunn: So, the team at Gatan really should be applauded for how well they executed and performed over what has been a really long drawn out 18 months, 12 to 18 months process here, The business performed amazingly well last year with sort of new product cycle and as expect with Gatan, it sort of drive up a new product cycle and you moderate a little bit and you drive up on another product cycle. So, we're just in that moderation phase, but the team is just I mean A plus across the board with the distraction of sales process, which was immense and given sort of the CMA sort of process here in the last six months. So, great, great remarks to the team there and were certainly - add momentum to try to re-market the process, the business now and have a better outcome.
Neil Hunn: So, it's the thing I should have mentioned related to Deane's question is, the Strewers, alpha, it's Danisco, it's Hardy [ph], I mean there is four or five other that are much smaller but the trends and I just talked about are consistent across all of this, they are not isolated to one. It was very consistent read across our seven or eight companies here on the trends that we said, but it’s the industrial complex that 8% of revenue that we have.
Neil Hunn: We know what Gatan is right, it’s a clear market leader, it has great growth prospects of a longer time, it's got a great team and amazing cash flow and so, as a result, there is a lot of people that are interested in a business like that, strategic and sponsors alike.
Neil Hunn: Well, first I would say Foundry really like all of our software businesses is just a really boring software business, right. The great software that enables creators then do amazing work. Right. We're not the creative part of the ecosystem or supply chain and visual effects, we're the enabling toolkit that allows that to happen. Sort of maybe the first statement that’s highly consistent characteristics with really every Roper business, not just the product software businesses, but the product businesses. The team, I think we mentioned last quarter that the totality of the Foundry team that we met in the diligence process and confirmed here in the first little bit of ownership, the breadth of that team, that depth of that team is quite strong. And when we sat down and did the onboarding and started to engage with the team about our long-term orientation, multiyear product strategy, multiyear go to market strategies. It just became very clear to the incumbent CEO, Jody, ourselves that the most natural fit for the long-term success inside of our framework was Jody. And she's, she's fantastic. She's for the last four or five years has been the face of the company relative to the product. And we're expecting her to do great things with the business.
Neil Hunn: I've been at Roper for eight years, and I cannot recall a real air pocket in terms of the pipeline. I mean, it's always a steady drumbeat, multiple deals, presented at near final stages to our board, five times a year. I mean, so air pockets or? I can't recall, I'm looking at Rob he, he's agreeing with me. Relative to we're always to your first question about opportunity cost. I mean, this is a very, it's a debate we have on every transaction, right? You're coming across one that it looks really good, right? It has all the characteristics, we look for niche, leadership, great team, accretive CRI, accretive organic growth rate you know the list. And or like and the price might be X and are like, that really looks good. But is there something better that's just right around the corner. So, we're always having the opportunity costs discussion. And it's one of those things that that we've sort of honed over the years, and we do the best we can relative to that decision. It's obviously an opportunity cost decision. One, where we don't have perfect information about what's around the corner. And then we're always steeped in what gives us real confidence. And ultimately, everything we do is we're just steeped in the cash return methodology. There's always that buffer built in day one when we buy a company relative to the values created for shareholders. And so that's at least how we think about it. Rob, you want to add any color to that.
Neil Hunn: Well, hey, it's very early. We got a great partner in Gentex, right. They are the clear market leader in the smart mirror technology. And so, it's been a nice collaboration with them. But yes, I do believe it has the potential to be groundbreaking. You know think about cars 10 years ago, or five years ago, you didn't have auto sensing, lane departure systems and whatnot. Now, they're almost standard. So, I don't know if this technology becomes standard like that, but it's certainly our hope that it would. And it's great to have Audi as the first partner. There is a lot of work that had to be done not just in the technology that goes in the car, but also how you deal with intra-tolling agency and customer relationships and how you deal with the billing and, and that's all been figured out by the partnership between TransCore and Gentex. It’s super early, but we certainly thought it was exciting one of the highlights for everybody today.
Neil Hunn: Sure, I mean, it has been and for a long time, it even predates our ownership Deltek sort of did one-ish bolt-on a year before we owned it for several years, we're probably at that pace or maybe just a touch higher in our ownership. And we would expect that to be the case going forward.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So, what's characterized is some of these projects that are in development are actually smaller and quicker to come online than what we may have might have seen five, seven, eight years ago. So, in the past, it would have been multiple years, so I think your four to six quarters is probably more in-line with the expectations. You might drag out a little bit longer as you know these projects do, but these are not five to 10-year projects or three to seven-year projects, they tend to be smaller record to turn on.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, but for the segment now, we've got to go company-by-company around bookings, right. So, I mean, that's a harder question to answer because it's -- we don't know anything up at the segment level.
Neil Hunn: Sure. So, bookings in this case is or another term, you might hear uses order intake. So, it's what is -- what businesses actually contracted in a period of time and you have to do a fair amount of, sort of equivalency between a perpetual deal and a SaaS deal. And so -- and then, and obviously, when you booked something, you could have double-digit bookings. And then if it's all SaaS, then it's going to take four quarters right to get into the run rate. So, your gap revenue will lag, could lag that a little bit. And then on perpetual, you might book something in the second quarter, and you might not be able to recognize the revenue because of some delivery in the software and it might be pushed out a quarter or two as things are being implemented. So, bookings are just a little bit more -- order intakes a little bit more of an early read of business activity that's ongoing in the company. So, in Deltek's case, which we highlighted, we had the hard comp against the wonderful second quarter of last year, which by the way is a great problem to have because we want so much business on a perpetual basis a year ago. And when we sort of normalize for the outsized perpetual growth a year ago at Deltek, bookings are up double-digits this quarter. So, the activity inside that business review is healthy.
Neil Hunn: That's right. It's a combination of the bookings. And then you're also looking out several quarters at pipeline coverage and pipeline sort of conversion rates and things but the combination between that and the near-term bookings is what give us the confidence.
Neil Hunn: Well, in that we know, your favorite topic of Sundquest is in this segment and it was down mid-singles, as we expect - it actually did modestly better here in the quarter in the first half, we thought, but other than that everything was up pretty much.
Neil Hunn: I would say we feel the same today as we felt last quarter-to-quarter before. I mean, the market and the activity are there, its robust, there is lots of work. We're looking at lots of things as we always do, and you just never know until the very last minute in a deal if it's going to sort of one that we actually want execute, and one that we can actually lend from a value in contractual terms perspective, but it's steady as she goes on the M&A front.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, so its first, these businesses are amazing. I would just draw you to the profitability of both, the industrial businesses and the process segments. They're amazing businesses, they're clear leaders in their niche, they're just they're fantastic. Yeah, they have a little bit of cyclicality associated with them. But we've worked over the last decade, to meaningfully reduce the cyclicality. And it was roughly a 50% tie that these businesses these more cyclical businesses a decade ago, and now we're about 20%. And so that trend will continue as we deploy the capital going forward. We're generally deploying a thing that don't have a large cyclical component. So, continue to de-emphasize sort of the cyclical aspects, but they're great businesses and it's and we like them in the portfolio.
Neil Hunn: I wouldn't say unique, but what maybe is unique about the Roper model, and this is just building on Rob said, these businesses structurally are highly variable in their nature, they buy structural, right. So, any sort of cost actions can happen pretty quickly and without lots of sort of riff or cost to get the cost out, if you will. And so, the companies also naturally start feeling and pulsing their way when they feel softness and take the actions out, any sort of direction from us, right. And so, we're certainly talking with them and understanding what they're doing. And making sure their assumptions are aligned with our assumptions about what the future looks like. And then they go about doing what they do in managing their businesses.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, hard to get a read across that, like you said at our ConstructConnect business, which is in the pre-construction part of commercial real estate development. We actually root for a a neutral to slightly positive, slightly bearish market, because that increases the value of what we deliver to our customers. But it's -- I don't have as we sit here today great read across or read through from ConstructConnect on broader construction themes. So far and it will help you there.
Rob Crisci: Thanks, Neil. Good morning, everybody. Turning to page six, I would like to recap some of the numbers behind our strong second quarter financial performance, starting with revenue, revenue was 1.332 billion in the quarter, an increase of 3% and organic increase of 2%. This was right online as Neil mentioned with our internal guidance model coming into the quarter. We had organic growth in three of the four segments, the one thing that was down was our process technology segment as expected against the very difficult plus 20% comp last year. Margin expansion was very strong, so gross margins increased 90 basis points to 64%, EBITDA increased 5%, EBITDA margin up 70 basis point. So, really good margin expansion for the quarter, probably a little bit better than we had anticipated coming in. So that all adds up to DEPS for the quarter of $3.07, which was a 6% increase over last year and a little bit better than our guidance coming in as $3 to $3.04. Next slide. Turning to asset-light business model slide. We will look here the net working capital as a percent of the Q2 annualized revenue, so slightly different view this quarter. Looking back over the past six years of the trend to give a little bit of a perspective and what's been going on with working capital here for Roper over a long period of time. So, if you look back and compare June 2013 quarter to the June 2019 quarter, you will see our inventory is down 200 basis points to 4.3% of revenue. Receivables are down 240 basis points to 17.3% of revenue, payables down a little bit to 10.5%, but deferred revenue up 680 basis points to 13.5% and if you add all that together you see this consistent negative working capital we talked about at Roper at minus 2.4% for the quarter and that over a thousand basis point improvement versus the same period in 2013. So, we really believe the negative net working capital accelerates our cash flow compounding. Next slide. Speaking of cash flow compounding, excellent cash results in the quarter on page eight, Q2 operating cash flow of 301 million now is at 30% increase versus prior year, the free cash flow was 286 million which represented a 14% increase versus prior year. So, if we look now at the trailing 12 month 1.51 billion, certainly a record plus 23% over prior year 12-month period and representing importantly 28% of revenue. If you look at the first half of the year, we are up 15% on cash flow that were certainly on pace for continued double-digit compounding at Roper. Next slide. So importantly, due to the strong cash flow performance, we really see exceptional deleveraging over the past year, so in between acquisitions, we generate a lot of cash, we paid our debt very, very quickly that we're always well-positioned to make the next acquisition and deploy capital. So, if you look at the past year, gross debt down $900 million from 5.6 billion down to 4.7 billion, Net debt is down 800 million from 5.2 billion to 4.4 billion. The TTM EBITDA is up $191 million and you can see year gross debt to EBITDA is now down to 2.5 times, net debt to EBITDA is was down 2.3 times. We recently were upgraded at Moody's which we're very happy to see, we also have a BBB plus rating at S&P. So, we really are exceptionally well-positioned as we sit here today to continue our disciplined capital deployment and really take advantage of the of the very high-quality pipeline and acquisition opportunities that we have in front of us. So, with that, I will turn it back over to Neil.
Rob Crisci: Yes. Sure. So just a clearly sighs that as Neil mentioned that 8% of the company's revenue about 25% of that segment. So, this is not included in Neptune. Neptune continues to grow, it exactly the same sort of mid-single digit plus, it's just the businesses that Neil mentioned. So, the bookings were down sort of high-single-digits. And therefore, we're assuming the second half of the year is high-single-digit declines where we used to have flat, so it's about 25 million of revenue that comes out of the second half. That's really the only sort of change in the entire company and what we're seeing at this point versus three months ago,
Rob Crisci: So, the tax rate is slightly lower that’s offset by higher share count, little bit higher interest, we are losing some proceeds from Gatan that impact to interest. So, those other things sort of cancel each other out is really around $0.10 on industrial is the big change.
Rob Crisci: No, there is always an opportunity. And it's just a matter of finding the best deals at the right price and getting them done.
Rob Crisci: I think you have too high of a number for Gatan, full year of Gatan would be. So, this is consistent with sort of what we saw for the year all along. There's certainly a lot of variability in the potential for their performance in the second half as Neil mentioned. Now, I think that their fourth quarters are generally their highest quarter of the year. There's some seasonality there. So, there should have a better fourth quarter than the third quarter.
Rob Crisci: And they're designed to be incredibly profitable at all points of the cycle right there. As you know, we're always looking at the breakeven analysis, what’s the fix cost, what’s the variable cost. Our business leaders are very, very proactive. So, they're always going to generate a lot of cash in all environments, and their position to succeed over the long-term. So, we believe we're a great owner for those businesses.
