Rob Crisci: Thanks, Neil. Good morning, everyone. Turning to page 6 and covering the Q1 financial highlights. Total revenue increased 13% to $1.53 billion which was an all-time record for any Roper quarter. Organic revenue for the enterprise declined 1% versus last year's plus 4% pre-pandemic comp. EBITDA grew 20% to $561 million. EBITDA margin increased 220 basis points to 36.7% on really great incrementals across the portfolio. Adjusted DEPS was $3.60 18% above prior year. Free cash flow was $543 million up 54%. We continue to benefit from our business transformation to a more software-weighted model where working capital boosts cash flow as our growth accelerates. Our results were enhanced a bit by approximately $40 million of accelerated payments that were the result of wins at our UK-based CliniSys laboratory software business. Aided by our outstanding cash flow performance, we reduced our debt by approximately $500 million in the quarter. More on that to follow. So in summary, a great start to 2021. Next slide. Turning to page 7, an update on our deleveraging. The charts on this page are a good preview for how we expect 2021 to look as we follow through on our commitment to reduce debt after our 2020 opportunistic capital deployment. As each quarter passes by we will benefit from meaningfully improved trailing EBITDA as the performance of last year's acquisitions rolls into Roper's financials. EBITDA is then further enhanced by our accelerating organic growth. Concurrently, our strong cash conversion allows us to apply our high levels of excess free cash flow toward consistent reduction of our debt. In the first quarter, we reduced our debt by approximately $500 million. Over the first three months of the year, our EBITDA growth, combined with debt reduction, enabled us to lower our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio from 4.7 to 4.2. We expect this downward trend in leverage ratios to continue moving forward. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Neil to discuss our segment performance.
Rob Crisci: Hey, Chris. Good morning. Yes, there's strength across those businesses. I think Neil mentioned CliniSys was strong, Sunquest had a nice quarter. Deltek, sort of perpetual license wins there. All that stuff comes in at really high incrementals, and that drove most of the margin performance.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So I'll give a crack at that. On an EBITDA margin basis, right, I mean Vertafore is a higher-EBITDA-margin business. So that -- you're seeing that and we talked about when we bought the business, it's around a 50% or so a little below that EBITDA margin business. So that helps. I think on a core basis, it's going to be relatively consistent year-over-year for the rest of the businesses on an EBITDA margin basis. And that's conversion at 40% to 50%. And that's just consistent with what we see in these businesses as they grow. And as you know, they have great cash characteristics, very negative working capital. So the cash flow growth can often be even faster than the EBITDA growth. And so it's a great story there and I think we'll continue to see margins high into that segment. 
Rob Crisci: Yes, Allison, it was a great start to deleveraging for Q1. So, that certainly helped boost our ability to pay down the debt faster and we'll continue to do that throughout the year. And as Neil mentioned, we're making sure the pipeline is active and there are some exciting things that we're looking at in the early stages and we'll be ready to deploy capital at some point. But for right now, we're really focused on the deleveraging. 
Rob Crisci: Yeah, I think that's right. I think it was one quarter, right? We had a really nice first quarter. And we felt it prudent to raise the guide, because it certainly gives us more confidence for the rest of the year. But it was one quarter and this is an unusual environment where we're coming off of a sort of hopefully once-a-lifetime pandemic. And so we're trying to be balanced in the outlook and sort of what we do with the businesses.
Rob Crisci: Sure. So I think -- so in the first quarter right there's no federal tax payments. So that's always a high cash conversion quarter. So that normalizes more when we make the -- start making federal payments in Q2. But really as I mentioned a little bit earlier, I mean, it's great growth from the software businesses. They have negative working capital. Therefore, the cash performance is very strong. The more software growth you have, you drive working capital further negative. It's very structural part of the model. High conversion is embedded in everything that we do. So we expect that free cash flow conversion to continue to get better over time as we've improved the quality of our portfolio. So we feel good about the rest of the year and continue to have high cash conversion and continue that double-digit cash flow compounding that we all expect to achieve.
Rob Crisci: Yes, sure. I wouldn't say a line in the sand. I think once you get into the low threes that –certainly it's more reasonable. I think the – we spent a lot of time with the rating agencies, when we did our last couple of acquisitions. I think they understand the high quality of the cash flow that we have and our incredibly high cash conversion. And so it's really about how good our business model is, how fast we can pay down any leverage that we put on the business. I think we've demonstrated that time and time again and we can do it pretty quickly. So once we get into the low threes then I think we have the ability to deploy capital.
Rob Crisci: So I'll – let me just hit a couple of things and then I think Neil wants to add on. But yes, you're right, there's this $100 million-plus tax benefit around Vertafore that we talked about that will hit throughout Q2 through Q4. We did not benefit from that in the first quarter. And then there's about $60 million or so of this payroll tax deferral which is a bad guy this year for the rest of the year, given that was part of the COVID rules that you can defer some of those payments. And there's always going to be pluses and minuses in sort of that part of the world, but I'll let Neil talk about some of the growth.
Rob Crisci: I think so. The answer to that is yes, Alex. So it's really about the target the businesses that we target right? Businesses that have higher organic growth than Roper has historically businesses that have very good margins often better than Roper at least at the same level now that we've improved ours over many, many years. And then we buy those businesses. They grow. We hope – we believe we can make them better. They accelerate growth. They generate more cash and you get this compounding effect. And so it's really the same strategy that – I appreciate you've followed us for a long time – we've had for – for over a decade now. And it's – the good news is as you get more and more into software and these types of opportunities we find more and more companies that fit that model that will allow us to continue to improve all those metrics for many, many more years to come. 
Rob Crisci: Yes. I might have to circle back. I mean, it's approaching probably 50-50 given the growth in the CliniSys business the fact the DI business is very global and the Sunquest business is mostly US. So as a group it's probably about half.
Neil Hunn: Hey, Christopher, I appreciate the question, and the opportunity to talk about that. The short answer is no. I mean our M&A strategy, for 20 years, is centered on picking the best businesses and business models that we can identify from the range of opportunities in the marketplace. If you go back to really starting in 2011, you might have thought from 2011 to 2013, we're all about health care IT; and then maybe from 2014 to 2017 about professional services ERP; and then the last couple of years about insurance tech. But all of those steps are completely coincidental. We really just evaluate the range of opportunities and pick the very best business that we can find. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. I’m -- I don't think there's much pent-up here from our call-downs to our businesses this year. So this quarter it's more of a -- more recovery story. For instance, we talked about in the prepared remarks about the professional services end markets that Deltek serves. Architecture engineering, creative agencies started to come back in the quarter which is great to see.  Vertafore was steady as she goes. They were not particularly impacted by the pandemic. Aderant law firms continued to proceed with their transition. We did see some recovery start in the education and health care markets at CBORD. The middle market at Foundry which is great to see as production -- live production begins and comes out of production into post production. It was really just a nice increasing sort of start to recovery.  And then anytime anybody asked a question about software, we got to talk about the recurring revenue stream. It was around 6% growth organically across the two segments and in total, which bodes well for the future. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. Just the project continues. The customer continues to want us to get the project done so they can commence the discussions on how they're going to do the tolling and begin to start the tolling. Certainly, the most macro backdrop is more favorable now with the administration in the White House and Secretary Pete and all the -- that is all in a much more favorable position than it was just a quarter or two ago. So the project continues. 
Neil Hunn: And Julian, this is Neil. Just to underscore one thing Rob said, I mean the incremental EBITDA margins for the year are 40% as he said. I just want to underscore again. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. Just to color on the three the health care entertainment and food. So, MHA is the health care business that was tied and indexed to patient and volumes going through long-term care, skilled nursing assisted living facilities, that's normalized. That business also has added products to its contract portfolio. So, that business is on its way to recovery as we speak. We talked about Foundry in the prepared remarks which is there's just tremendous content budget not surprising in the marketplace and all that content requires postproduction and we're a critical element in that post. And then finally iTrade, iTrade is going to be one of the longer recovery cycles for us. It'll be a second half this year and the next year as they're indexed partially to retail/food, but also partially to what I'll call institutional food which is think about that as restaurants, schools, universities, a little bit of stadiums. And that's going to come back on a longer recovery curve. 
Neil Hunn: Well, we got to sort of run through the portfolio Allison in that regard. I think it'll be -- or I think our comments here will be around the product businesses as opposed to the software ones. First is the tag volumes at TransCore. I mean that's going to be a probably a second half of this year recovery cycle just based on when the tags were bought last year into this year and having the customers burn through existing inventory as traffic patterns come back on. We talked about medical products. We got the COVID headwind for a quarter or two at Verathon, but the other businesses definitely saw a palpable improvement in the capital purchases of their medical equipment in the quarter. And we got no sense if that was pent-up or onetime. We'll find out in the next quarter or two, but that was not the read-through from the conversations we had with our customers. In fact, NDI had record bookings in the quarter. As we go through the industrial businesses, Struers, we definitely saw an improvement across the portfolio of industrial businesses through the quarter with Struers having record March bookings which shows that there's some sort of gradual improvement there to continue. And then on the Process Technologies businesses there was just nice -- I would call that very similar to what we saw at Struers and industrial. March got better than February and February was better than January.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. I mean, the -- in the US, the -- as we've talked about quite a bit, the lab was the first part of the hospital to become automated. And then 20 years later due to -- with the government stimulus there was the -- hospitals deployed electronic medical records. And then those EMRs -- the hospitals as a general matter appreciated and wanted the connectivity of the lab software to the EMR and that's how we had had sort of the competitive headwinds for four or five years at Sunquest. When you look at Europe, that dynamic does not exist. The health systems are different first of all. They're country driven. The -- there is not the concept of an EMR landscape on a country-by-country basis. It's very, very different. It's characterized by local providers, characterized by country-specific providers.  nd as a result CliniSys' lab software is not just -- we highlighted the UK wins and strengths in this quarter, but they've just been doing a great job pan-European in France in Benelux emerging presence in Germany, bought a small business last year in Spain to be able to consolidate the laboratory infrastructure across Europe. Each of the countries in their own way are going through a laboratory consolidation in a way to save money for the health system itself and we being the -- basically the only scaled provider that with the demonstrable success at scale and being able to win market share at a meaningful clip there.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. I think it's essentially you need -- the way that for instance the primary competitor in the US that we -- is Epic. Epic for instance is -- basically doesn't have a presence in Europe. And when they do, it's a country-specific presence. They might be in a very small country or small region of a country and it's sort of isolated there given that it's a country-specific decision process. And also there just isn't -- that competitive activity just isn't there.
Neil Hunn: Yes. We certainly believe balance that's the case. So, well obviously, when taxes went down rates are – sort of private prices went up a touch. I think the - it was 14 times, 15 times for Deltek and 16 times for PowerPlan and really the only difference in the market there was the tax change. So that gives you a sense of the order of magnitude. Maybe a couple of turns but it depends on what the magnitude of the tax change is. Relative to interest rates going up we think that does greatly benefit us in the compounding model. If you think as interest rates go up we're competing against private equity firms, who have a levered acquisition model. So as interest rates go up the amount of leverage they can put on a transaction goes down. And subsequently, the total equity that they put into a deal goes down and multiples compress more so with interest rates going up I think than what you see conversely with taxes. And then in our case, the majority of our acquisition proceeds come from our cash that we generate. And so we're relatively insensitive to interest rate where our competitors for acquisitions are. So in the long arc of time that's a good thing for us.
Neil Hunn: Well, I think it's always appreciated in a quarter that we have here you highlight the headwinds going into next year Steve, so we appreciate that. But as a general matter year two, out of a pandemic should be pretty good.
Neil Hunn: Alex, it's Neil here. Appreciate the question and appreciate your opening comments. The – let me give you a broader view to the – to your question. First, why we're active now with our M&A pipeline is that, we – and we're meeting with companies is that every company of size that we bought from 2016 forward we met with roughly 9 months to 12 months at the earliest – at a minimum before buying the company. So we're establishing a relationship getting to know the management team, getting to know the business, and then sort of if you will have a running start when the business actually comes for sale. So we're active. And the work we're doing now is going to pay dividends 9, 12, 18 months from now in terms of deploying capital, and our ability to do that in companies that we have a high level of conviction in. To your question about doing bigger and bigger deals, I would beg to differ with that a little bit. When you look at our model over the next seven years, we have to deploy somewhere on a run rate basis $2 billion to $2.5 billion a year based on our cash flow and the leverage profile that we just talked about. And in doing so, when you're looking at the types of businesses that we look to buy, small market vertically focused, leading software-type or software-type business models, I think the sweet spot in that is going to be somewhere in the $750 million to $1.5 billion range. So we're talking about doing a couple-ish deals a year and then we'll always do a small number of tuck-ins or bolt-ons to the existing portfolio. So I think we can – at least for the next seven years on a per-year basis we don't have to do bigger and bigger deals to keep the growth rate at the sustained double-digit rate.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So Sunquest did -- I mean, they were benefited -- let's also -- let me back up. Let's not -- so you mentioned two companies CliniSys and Sunquest. We ought to include a third which is Data Innovations, which is a middleware business. They've -- they're very global business, but they're domiciled in the US. But specific to your question about Sunquest, the US laboratory business, they were benefited last year and in this quarter with the COVID tailwinds standing up COVID testing. They continued to invest in their public health offering and their molecular offering. The leadership team has done a nice job in that. So that's good news. The unfortunate part of that news is it just delayed the bottoming of this business, which we thought was going to be this year-ish if it weren't for COVID. Now it's going to be pushed out a year or two before that business sort of gets through all the known attrition and then is baselined from, which it can grow from.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I think the characteristics of these businesses is they -- all Roper businesses is they price based on the values created. A great example, there is in our Hansen business where they've had a couple of innovations in their refrigeration valve business product line with coatings and some sensors to allow to identify clearly when it's been triggered, very low-cost increase to bill of materials, but massive increase to value. So we've seen very nice price increases on situations like that. On a like-for-like basis it's -- the businesses are agile. They've been very good at being able to push through any increase to the bill of materials kind of the supply chain and otherwise taking normal price. 
