Rob Crisci: Thanks, Neil. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Roper Technologies as always. So turning to page seven, looking at our Q2 income statement performance, Q2 organic revenue declined 3% versus prior year with total revenue coming in at 1.306 billion. We had positive organic revenue growth in both Application Software and Network Software and Systems, while sharp declines and our smallest segment Process Technologies pulled our overall organic growth into low single digit negative territory for the quarter. Margin performance, as Neil mentioned, was a standout in the quarter as our businesses expanded gross margin by 70 basis points to 64.7% and held EBITDA margins flat at 35.3%. As a result, EBITDA declined only 2% to 461 million. Our tax rate came in at 22.3%, a little higher than last year, resulting in adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.94, which was well above our guidance range of 2.50 to 2.70, so in summary, really good execution by our business leaders in a very challenging environment. Next slide, turning to page eight and looking at cash flow, cash flow performance for the quarter was very strong. On a GAAP basis, our operating cash flow was 449 million, which represented a 49% increase over last year. However, for better compatibility and clarity, we are adjusting our results for the 124 million of income tax payments that were deferred from Q2 to Q3 due to COVID-19 and those taxes were subsequently paid in July. So after adjusting for the timing of the 124 million of tax payments that pushed to July, our Q2 operating cash flow grew 8% to 325 million, which represented 25% of revenue. Q2 free cash flow grew 10% to 315 million, which was 24% of revenue. Looking back at the past two years, our Q2 free cash flow has compounded a strong 12%. Congrats and a special thank you to the finance teams at each of our businesses for continuing to make cash flow and cash collections a high priority. It truly was outstanding cash Flow performance in a challenging environment. Next slide, turning to page nine and our asset light business model and negative working capital slide. We exited the first quarter with working capital of minus 4.4% and in Q2 we further improved this metric with working capital as a percent of revenue moving to minus 5.4%. While we're certainly happy as always, to see our income statement hold up well in Q2, we believe it's just as important if not more important, that our cash flow and working capital metrics also remain strong. In fact, as we continue to improve on these important working capital metrics, despite the challenging macro environment, this bodes very well for our ability to compound cash flow at higher levels as the economy does eventually rebound from the pandemic. Next slide, turning to page 10, our strong financial position, so it's really a continuation here of the same story we discussed last quarter. Roper's liquidity position and balance sheet remained very strong. We ended June with over 1.8 billion of cash on the balance sheet. To date in July as mentioned, we have made some tax payments about $316 million of tax payments have been paid to date in July. That's the previously mentioned 124 million of deferred payments as well as 192 million of taxes due on the gain from last year's Gatan sale. So after making these payments, our cash balance today is approximately 1.6 billion and our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility remains fully undrawn. In June, we took advantage of historically favorable conditions in the bond market and issued 600 million of 10-year notes at a coupon of 2.0%. At the time, we tied the record for the lowest coupon ever issued by a Triple B issuer. Really great execution by our team and nice to once again see very strong demand for Roper bonds driven by our consistent ability to generate cash flow, high levels of recurring revenue and our diversified portfolio of asset light businesses. At the end of the quarter our net debt to EBITDA stood at 2.1 times. And with our large cash balance and fully undrawn revolver, we remain very well positioned with significant financial capacity to take advantage of our large pipeline of acquisition opportunities. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Neil.
Rob Crisci: Yeah, that's – yeah, that's correct Deane. So the project was originally around 200 million for this year, and now we've got about 110 or so million in for 2020. And as Neil mentioned, the rest is pushed to the right, and we expect to be completed in '21.
Rob Crisci: I would just add to that it's a SaaS business, Scott. So there's not huge swings in the revenue like you get with a perpetual license bid. We're seeing increased activity in the network and that leads to a little bit of more subscriptions, more customers, and then over time, that drives additional growth with the business.
Rob Crisci: Yeah. Sure, Steve. So there's the two acquisitions in the quarter, combined purchase price about 150 million. And we've got about 25 million or so revenue in the model for '21. And EBITDA margins there in the mid to high 40s. So pretty good cash, but each business is being integrated into a business. So there was not a lot added for the second half, but there's some integration going on, but that built a real good strategic adds to the Roper businesses.
Rob Crisci: Right, yeah, there's a lot of good – good things that happened in acute care software in the quarter which are driven by the demand around COVID. Right, so that's – some of that stuff happened in the second quarter that we didn't expect. And we'll see what continues into the second half, but that's difficult to predict.
Rob Crisci: And then we also received the Queensland payment for Sunquest, which put revenue and large high margin net revenue in the second quarter as well, which helped. And then as we look at the second half the margins don't move around a lot in the other segments, which is a great thing, right. It's high recurring revenue, very stable business models you don't get this sort of swaying, so we certainly expect EBITDA margins to be sort of flat or a little bit better year-over-year in the software segment.
Rob Crisci: Very low dollars percent of revenue, I mean, it's going to be the part of Neptune that swings around with budgets. And Neptune's a pretty stable high recurring revenue business. So it's a real small percentage of the segment in single digits, it's going to really be driven by swinging budgets.
Rob Crisci: Just to give you a sense Joe, so the sort of other medical products businesses which exclude Verathon and IPA, which have a huge COVID benefit, so everything else, those businesses were down double digits in the quarter, and they would normally be mid-single growers. And so I think we will catch up some of that at some point, but it's very difficult to predict when.
Rob Crisci: Yeah, I think the government contractors are always betting money on whatever there is to spend money on.
Rob Crisci: Yeah, they are just very stable businesses. So I'm just looking through all the software businesses and sort of they're all kind of between a low single digit gain or low single digit decline, with the exception of CBORD, which is a little bit worse than that. So again, that a little bit better than expected because you know a huge part of the businesses are stable. The question is are you going to get any of these license wins in the quarter? Are you able to look to deliver services? And we were. And so to the extent that continues, that certainly helps us, there's just aren't big swings in these businesses, which of course, we had huge swings in the product businesses where there's more issues with not being able to access customers, et cetera.
Rob Crisci: They are Alex. So there was an interim step in there that last quarter with the 200 became 175. And now it's 110, so the move from 175 to 110 is your $0.20.
Rob Crisci: That's real hard. Yeah, that's really impossible to predict. We're going to do the work we always do and we certainly have the capacity, but we only do the best deals and we never feel pressured. But certainly the balance sheet has never been stronger. So we feel good about our ability to deploy capital this year.
Neil Hunn: No. Hey, Deane. No change whatsoever in the scope, the contract value that we talked about a few quarters ago remains the exact same. And so the only thing that is happening here is the project is pushing a bit to the right into 2021 for the reason you said, a little bit access to personnel related to COVID and a little bit just at the election of the customer line to paste the project a little bit. And I think also we highlighted last quarter, I mean, the motivation of the client is never been higher. I think it was just around this time last quarter. The proceeds from the project for 2021 and '22 could be used in MTAs operating budget where the initial project that was going to be used for capital only, so there is a clear motivation to get the – by the customer to get the project up and running. It's just slipping to the right a little bit.
Neil Hunn: If your question is relegated to the medical product businesses versus price, if you relegate to that as a broader to Roper, I want to make sure I'm answering the question –
Neil Hunn: Okay. Yeah. So it's a net – a meaningful net grower, right, when you look at the benefit of those of Verathon and IPA good guy against the bad guys of the other four or five medical product businesses aggregated together, it's a very meaningful positive, good guy. It's worth noting though, the Verathon demand while it certainly surged in the quarter, the team worked really well to work down the backlog a little bit more to go in the second half of the year. The team that Verathon believes that the demand is – will endure a bit right. It's about the number, the percentage or the market share of global incubations that are being done with video assistance versus not. Going into the pandemic, it was somewhere in the 15% of all intubations were done with video assistance and 85 direct. And that market share video is going – it's meaningfully higher now and it will stay. It'll be meaningfully above 15% on the backside of this, so the market just grew, we believe, for these products that Verathon has.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, happy to talk through that, so just to remind you and everyone ConstructConnect, the primary part of the business all for non-residential or commercial construction in the United States and Canada that's in the planning phase. So once a shovel goes in the ground, other constituents in the value chain pick up that. This is about planning. It allows general contractors, subcontractors, building product manufacturers to be aware of the projects are being planned, so they can bid for and win those projects and we have software that organizes all of that activity. So when the market is raging hot, right, all the subcontractors have more work and they can possibly do the value of leads or what new projects is lower, right. And so we've always sort of said, if there's five market conditions, five is white hot and one is there's basically zero construction, that constructing that value proposition is best in positions two, three and four, right, where there's work and activity going on, but not so much work that contractors have so much to do, right. And so, what's essentially happened here and ConstructConnect reports on this and Zach can give it to you is, nonres construction activity is down 28% versus prior year. It was up a little bit in June versus May. But that's the exact environment where the value proposition of leads and project awareness sort of thrives. And that's why you saw more contractors come into the ConstructConnect market and grow in the quarter.
Neil Hunn: Really appreciate the question. So history, if you go way back in the ark of ConstructConnect, some of them will stay and some of them will leave. But since our ownership in '16, the ConstructConnect team has worked really hard to build habituation into the product, if you will. So now there's integrated takeoff which is the estimation process and directly linked and so we believe the customers when we look at the utilization of the product, they're in the product on a multi time a day basis now, where five, six, seven years ago, they'd be in the product only when they needed to look for any project. And so we believe based on that the sort of the long-term retention rates of the business go up.
Neil Hunn: So in the second quarter, I mean, yeah, I think the second quarter software for the reasons we said on Application Software, I mean, it was the better utilization rates on the service side. And we expected more deferral or push outs of the license activity. And that proved to be a little conservative. And so that was broad that license activity was brought across Deltek, Aderant, PowerPlan. We saw good performance across the diagnostic businesses that we just talked about. Excuse me, some of that – a lot of that was COVID related.
Neil Hunn: I'll take the first part of that. Let Rob take a second. Hey, it's directly – the Application Software margin performance in the quarter is directly tied to better license activity as you know, perpetual licenses in quarter are super high margin, 90 plus percent, 85%, 90%, so when they perform an expectation on license, and you tend to have better margin performance.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, and more broadly coming – this time last quarter in the height of the shutdown, a risk item that we – or were flagged was our Neptune's customers budgets going to be intact as they rolled into their New Year's because a large percentage of these customers have a July 1 fiscal year just given the broader economic challenges that municipalities and cities are experiencing. The good news is the budgets appear to be largely intact, so that high – the first risk item appears to be mostly retired. Remaining risk item is now the spend against the budget, right and that's to be determined, but the first step is a checkmark and we'll see how things unfold the rest of the year.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So the products – the companies that we have that are somewhat indexed to procedure volume, its one derivative behind it, right. So very little of our businesses are consumable in a procedure, but our capital and products are used by other companies who are – and used in a procedure. And so we're buffered a little bit by what our customers are seeing. We did see a little bit in the second, maybe the June time period, some of the true consumables sort of pick back up. And that's just going to be evolved for the balance of the year. We would expect, as I mentioned, the open continent the prepared remarks, I mean, this group of businesses going back for many, many years grows like clockwork at mid-single digits, and that assumes a patient volume yet that are normalized and so to the extent volumes are normal in 2021, then we would see a pickup in that group of businesses.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, I'll leave it. It's sort of on the qualitative basis, right. So as we said for a long time, we – as a guiding principle, we allow our customers to pace the transition to the cloud, we don't force it or have a force product migration or just they're waiting for that to occur. We have some businesses like Strata that are born in the cloud. We have other businesses like Aderant and PowerPlan that are still vast, vast majority on-premise. And then we have companies like Deltek that are somewhere in between, right, sort of in the middle in their journey of the migration. What we've seen at Deltek is that that migration is a net growth driver. And we can talk about that in more detail later to the extent you're interested. But you basically are taking a large installed base of customers who pay you annual maintenance and you're uplifting them to the cloud. So you're providing all the backbone and IT sort of management services, but also, you're doing all the release management, getting them on the most recent release. They're more micro releases. And so the customers get to take advantage of what you're actually developing. And that has real value associated within the mind's eye of the customers. And so for that reason, as they migrate from on-premise to cloud, there's an uplift in recurring, a pretty meaningful one and that's a that's a multiyear growth driver for our enterprise on Application Software or an Application Software.
Neil Hunn: It's not – I think it would have a slight impact. And the reason I say that I'm looking at Rob and Shannon, it's not something we talked about right. And so about an infrastructure bill, we're not rooting for one so I think we're –
Neil Hunn: Yeah, Rob's point there is a very good one, right, so the contractors go where the fast flow is in a government spend. And so maybe you get a few more government contractors that could be dealt like customers, but that's not over yet [ph].
Neil Hunn: Alex, appreciate the question. So I'll give you a little bit of context and color. So we had a pretty – the activity coming into COVID. I mean, it was as busy as we had been that I can recall since being here in 2011 in terms of what the funnel activity looked like. Obviously, everything shut down. I mean, when the credit markets shut down, everything shut down in April and May. It was there was really no activity anywhere. No sellers were selling anything for obvious reasons. But the end of May, first part of June we saw some green shoots, we obviously got these two bolt-on's complete, which are sort of in the pipeline pre-COVID. And really here since the middle of June, until now, it's almost as if we're back to January, February in terms of private equity seller interest in activity. The private credit markets aren't fully back, but they're back enough to give sponsors confident that they can run a process or processes. And so we're encouraged by all that because we're sitting here with what you just said a large amount of cash and borrowing capacity to sort of continue this – our long-term CRI driven sort of compounding strategy. I will note the things that we see that – obviously, the things that come out of the shoot first after a slowdown are the very best assets, right, the ones that have the best niches, the best competitive position, the best highest level of recurring revenue, durability, things like that. And those tend to be fairly valued, right. There's not a lot of bargains that we would say we see in the software space, but values – valuations consistent with what we saw coming into the pandemic.
Neil Hunn: We can only speculate what's in the mind's eye of the sellers, right, but a couple of things. First is, the types of – everything I just said I should have qualified by saying our M&A pipeline is 100% software focused, right and so these are businesses even in the public markets that are proving to be resilient, sort of the comparables if you will and so that is – colors my comments on what a funnel activity looks like. The other thing is private equity sellers, which is where we buy 100% of our assets from have to return capital. They have limited sort of pressures. That's a constant drumbeat. And then finally, and this is me certainly speculating about private equities view of what might happen in election and taxes, but that certainly may be a motivating factor to get some things done by the end of this year.
Neil Hunn: So we would echo those comments that companies like Roper in our history is we continue to invest in product through cycle, especially in the down cycle because your competitors oftentimes are not able to. We also stay super close to our customers, the vast majority of what we – our companies have direct channel access or a sap to work through a distributor so you stay super close to the customers and almost certainly on the back end, you can gain share either because of customer intimacy or because you develop or launch some new product or product capability, so 100% that is the case for Roper in this current environment.
