Brian Jellison: Well, the thing you want to balance that off with is that, we invested in a new facility that gave us larger diameter opportunities to provide product in the drilling side of the business, and that came live in the second half of last year has been building. So we have favorable comp in the first half of this year where that continues to go up.  The upstream business on the core pump technology was okay in the first quarter, but we expect it to be off throughout the remainder of the year. And in the second half of the year, we will circle up with the comps from last year. So it will still be better than a year ago and it helps us at the expense of certain other people that we are making those products. In addition, these drill things get relined. So that’s like a continuous thing that happens no matter what the level of new drilling is should get the relining and that’s a significant business, which is what we do in Houston.  So all that’s good. But you still have to moderate that with the fact that the absolute core portion of the upstream pump business will decline throughout the year.
Brian Jellison: You know, the payback comes within the year itself, so it’s – these are always just discontinued activity and a reduction in headcount. People are very quick to do that. We had everybody together in December challenging field plans for 2015, which we thought were optimistic and unfortunately we were proven correct. So, early in the first quarter as they were monitoring January and then February, they took actions in February based on the first level of trip equilibrium. I think they have other things that they could do in the second quarter and then they generally would be around equivalent stock. There aren't any plant sections to close or things like that, it's just not how the business works, there is very light factory footprints at the end of all those businesses. So we don't have anything planned in Q2, but I think you have things more to deteriorate further, they take out more people.
Brian Jellison: Yeah, if you look at, industrial is about 50%, which was the same as it was before, energy was 55%, its quite similar to where it was and RF was 54%, up a little bit but medical at 74% gross margin. So, as it drives a bigger and bigger every increasing piece of the enterprise that really helps and then, frankly pricing is holding quite well for us across the board in all four segments. And people have been very focused here on gross margin and they’re very focused on asset velocity, so it just gets constant attention the way we look at our business model.
Brian Jellison: Well, the acquisitions are about the same as the FX. [00:01:04]They’re pretty close to neutralizing the X, which is really good, generally you know they’re going to be strong cash accretion, but actually they’re going to be EPS accretive. So, they largely make up for that FX headwind that went up by $0.15.
Brian Jellison: Well, it’s kind of encouraging, we got a couple of deals that people were trying to sell that did not get done, which is a nice early warning indicator for people who may not have adjusted their valuation expectations. And you got a lot of people who are interested in getting deals done because it’s not quite clear how the high yield credit markets are going to hold up here in perpetuity when guys are looking and say, 450 basis points spreads on high yield. There is amazing amount of different opinions around how that goes, but there is a great deal of assets that are in the marketplace for sale. I just think you have to work harder than ever because a lot of the best things have traded in the last couple of years and some of the really great things that are out there people are kind of holding off on until next year, but given the fact that we want to deploy another $1 billion, $1.5 billion in the next 12 months, we don’t really have. We’re going to see a challenge around that, it’s easy to do. It’s getting harder to find $2 billion deal right now than it was two years ago, but I’d say it’s a little bit better environment for transactions than it was.
Brian Jellison: What's happening is that there are, Infinity Lane Technology is really very proprietary, right, so more and more people recognize how much more effective it is as a technology than other things people have used for a very long period of time and I think it will be for some considerable period, longer, a bigger piece of the pie and so as that happens, that's very beneficial.
Brian Jellison: Yes and no. What happens is that they have really wide platforms that you can add things to and there are a lot of small niche businesses that can be helped by joining up with either an MHA or Sunquest and they are very well known to us. So there is a long list of things that we could continue to build out, but we are also building the human capital inside both these businesses quickly. So we've added the people that are running Data Innovations and software and Strata. These are really great people. And so they bring with them the ability to make bolt-on stuff and get it integrated much more effective than some of the other businesses we’ve owned in the past. So that's helpful and there are a lot of small players. I mean we've invested $900 million in the last nine months, but we’ve done six deals to do it and our general ammo would be we would have done $1 billion transaction like an MHA.  So having the leadership teams at MHA and Sunquest makes the acquisition -- capital deployment investment situation easier for us. Now that said, we are still doing it here and so we will bring those management teams with us, but the decision around capital deployment is going to remain at the headquarters.
Brian Jellison: Okay. So for the full year, so let me go for the remainder of the year, so for the remainder of the year, we expect energy to be about flat on an organic basis, plus or minus a little bit. 
Brian Jellison: And industrial tech is very similar. Once again, remember we are completing the Toronto project. So the completion of that project gives us about a $30 million headwind this year in total. And so including that, we expect on an organic basis, industrial will also be maybe flat, maybe up a little bit.
Brian Jellison: I would say it's modestly lower, but we are also modestly a little bit more bullish on the Medical and what we are seeing out of RF. 
Brian Jellison: No, I don't think so. I mean all our businesses, when you look at our energy businesses or the industrial businesses, they have over 50% gross margin. So the economics of this business is similar to most of the technology company you would see that are not pure software. Our software business has outperformed software companies, our industrial business has outperformed industrial companies. So as long as we get outperformance out of these things, we think the market is incredibly smart and it has pretty idea about what things are worth and while we're always undervalued we think that it's very hard to ever get rid of anything we have here. It would have to be a compelling reason and those certainly could exist in the future, it really could. But today we think we're perfectly positioned and I think this quarter sort of demonstrates that.
Brian Jellison: Well, I think the 130% is what we have said is a trailing 12-months actual with $851 million in free cash flow. So our cashbacks isn’t going to be moving up, it’s going to be 1% to 1.5% of revenue and our operating cash flow is going to continue to escalate a little bit. It’s already best in class. The conversion rate, we always talk about it being expected to be above 120% over time, so actually the 130%, it’s kind of crept up above that.  The things that we have will continue to improve a little bit, our legacy business actually just have been improving. They frankly tripled their cash return on investment in the last decade, which nobody recognizes and the acquisitions help. But I don’t think our conversion ratios are likely to change dramatically. They’re enormous and I just wish we get more people to talk about our real cash earnings instead of talking about the DEPS number, not commenting enough about the non-cash intangible amortization stuff. 
Brian Jellison: Well, that’s a good and complicated question. It’s absolutely true that there is going to be more interaction between some of these niche businesses that are acquired that are smaller with the two big footprint businesses MHA and Sunquest than we would have had in the past. If you think about Neptune, we never added anything to it except they wanted to have this rugged mobile DAP business we rolled over on it [ph] and never really went anywhere.  In TransCore’s case, we have made acquisitions that have been very strategic. Several years ago, we acquired this company called United Toll where United Toll has become the entire technology leadership position around the world on toll traffic with this Infinity Lane Systems, very critical acquisition that we made and it’s kind of fully integrated and gets sold as a bundle. 
Brian Jellison: When you think about MHA, I don't think many things necessarily would be sold as a bundle. SoftWriters can continue to be sold and MHA's product branding would continue to be sold, they’re going to work in an integrated way with one another and in many cases, some of these niche acquisitions will report to the MHA or Sunquest platform business. So that's why we suggested that they were transformational in the way that Neptune and TransCore were transformational, on three and four. I think we are a little surprised, if somebody would have asked us your next $900 million of deployment would be in one business or six, we would have thought it would be one, but they are so great and so good that we are happy to do those and I think there will be more smaller acquisitions that are closely correlated. Now that said, they’re still all going to be individual niche businesses. We are not going to be the forward rush man to hospital administrator, so a lot of different stuff you pull out of the back.
Brian Jellison: We think those were going to be up to maybe $100 million of revenue with about 40% EBITDA over the next 12 months.
Brian Jellison: That is absolutely correct. So it's north of $100 million of gross tax benefits that we will recognize over the next 12 to 15 years. So it is a reduction in our cash taxes over that time frame.
Brian Jellison: Not enough, but it’s certainly helpful. We wouldn't have gotten from 14 plus percent to 5 without having several businesses that have negative working capital and most of the acquisitions that we are making now are going to come in with negative working capital. We’re going to get paid in advance for the work that they do, not always, but sometimes they get paid a month in advance, sometimes, they get paid three months in advance, sometimes, they get paid a year in advance on subscription.
John Humphrey: And as far as the second part of your question, Deane around pricing, it’s bit of – well, it’s really been a technology provider more so than a broad line supplier to the end market in total. So we have very niche applications where in many cases, we are the only person who can really provide the solution that’s being required. So as we went through all of our quarterly reviews as far as the things that we did ask about and test, but so far that’s not a concern for us. I think that’s also reflected in the fact that gross margin continues to be very strong inside both the Energy and Industrial segments where it was 55% in Energy and 50% in Industrial. So that’s really the proof with respect to price, if that’s holding well then gross margins generally hold well.
John Humphrey: And this is a situation where the mix effect is the result of strategic actions that we have taken over the years, right. So, those areas that have higher gross margin was generally our higher quality businesses, they are higher quality because they are providing a service, they're providing a solution that they’re able to get paid for. And so that quality measure and our continued investment in those areas is reflected and the fact that our gross margin is higher.
John Humphrey: So it's going to be the non-upstream portions of that business. So the other markets that are served there, which aren't oil and gas related which is about 40% of the segment. And then, frankly there are some things that are expected to occur on the downstream market, particularly for our CTC business and some projects that they have very good line of sight on. Some of those have been lower on the decision making, so I think you've started to see that but those are still things that we expect to see with still investment around the world and things like L&G plants and other applications. So it's going to the non-upstream but you're right, we don't expect the upstream to get any better.
John Humphrey: Well, we’ve to look it all again in the second quarter. Expectation is that we’ll also be somewhere in the probably 3% to 5% range, probably closer to 3% and 5%. So, that’s kind of what’s baked into our guidance and expectation for the second quarter.
John Humphrey: And rest of the operations -- and rest of the operations, Steve, we’ve some puts and takes by segment versus what we thought maybe 90 days ago both industrial and energy are little bit weaker than what we thought but that’s more than offset by the fact that medical and our toll and traffic businesses are better than we would have expected 90 days ago. So, the continued push in those areas and the performance out of those businesses is doing a little bit better than the weakness that we see on the energy side.
John Humphrey: So, what did you see in RF for this quarter, particularly, is very strong performance and high shipments of tags and associated technology from our toll and traffic business. So, Chris as you know, we have -- inside there, we have the very consistently high margin software businesses. And so, the variances are generally going to be driven by our toll and traffic business. If you have more project work, then it adds pressure on the margin, but if you have more hardware, tag and technology shipments, then you have margin upside and that’s what we saw this quarter. So, very shipments for the Infinity Lane system as well as additional tags being sold and shipped to Texas and Florida and lots of other places, North Carolina, et cetera, Oklahoma also. So those tagged shipments help us out on the margin front and that was the case for the first quarter.
John Humphrey: Yeah. A very small portion was in the first quarter, but the bulk of that was in the second quarter.
John Humphrey: No, it does not. This is a signaling and traffic management solution, so the trends with software as well as all of the other work that goes along with putting in a modern traffic management system inside a very congested city is what that project is. So it's not a toll solution, it's a traffic management solution.
John Humphrey: The overall mix, particularly at the beginning, is going to be lower. So think of it as Manhattan, where we -- TransSuite runs the traffic light system in Manhattan. So that's what we are going to do in Riyadh, but there is a lot of heavy lifting upfront to accommodate the ability to get this technology embedded everyplace it needs to be. So the technology is higher margin, but the service component with local people doing that work will be low margin and this is a lower margin stuff.
John Humphrey: Yeah, so I will take the second question first. If you look at the decremental leverage, so revenue down 10%, operating profit down 18%, if you do the math on that, it's about a 43% leverage. So you pull the one-time expenses associated with restructuring out of that. When you get down into the mid-30% range for the decremental leverage, that's not at all different than what we would expect. We actually think that's very impressive performance out of those businesses, given that they start with 55% gross margin. So they are real cost actions, real belt-tightening that has to happen and that will happen and it has and will continue to happen in order to be able to hold that decremental leverage in the mid-30% to 40% range. Now, as far as going forward, when you think about sequential improvements little bit throughout the year, like I said, it's really driven by the non-oil-and-gas portion. So our things that are selling into, whether it would be plastics or polymers or non-destructive testing, other markets that are not oil and gas related, which is about 40% of the segment, that was down modestly in the first quarter. We expect that to be up modestly as we go forward throughout the year. And then the other piece is the timing associated with some of the project deliveries at CCC, which most of those are for downstream and midstream applications, more downstream frankly. And those are things that we expect to come to fruition later in the year. So those are the drivers for why we expect the minus 5% organic in the first quarter to be closer to flat throughout the rest of the year.
John Humphrey: For the specific areas that we play in, that is the expectation and I wouldn’t separate it out as pricing versus cost, I would separate it out as gross margin. So gross margin was actually flat in the quarter versus last year for Energy at 55.4% and we expect to be able to hold our gross margin very similar to what we had last year in this segment, which on a full year basis was right at 58% and we see no reason that that won’t be the case this year as well with the actions that have already been taken.
John Humphrey: Interesting. So in terms of the negative working capital, so more of the things that we have acquired or looking at are more on the subscription software, so they’re SaaS businesses, which generally don't run with quite as much negative working capital as a license software does, because you have the maintenance that is almost always build a full year in advance, whereas subscription software is going to be built either monthly or quarterly. And so it's not as much around trying to become even more negative as it is continuing to grow those areas that have the high subscription revenue and wonderful balance sheet that comes along with that.
