Neil Hunn: Sure, Deane. So let me first start by saying the congestion pricing infrastructure in those other two cities is not us. So those are not our projects. That said, the technology that's being used in the New York City project is, for the most part, the exact same technology that's been used in any of our larger tolling infrastructure projects. It's the same core hardware. It's the same core software. Certainly, there'll be some tweaks that are needed in the software for the specific application that's being used by MTA in this instance. But the scale of this project is not actually close to the largest that we've deployed. So the team feels quite confident in the technical ability to do it. Further, our customer, MTA has been – is a great partner. And all the sort of the process steps to be able to construct in New York City have largely already been approved. And so it really is just down to executing the project over the course of this year.
Neil Hunn: Sure. So a couple of things on Deltek. We talked about how their bookings, on an ACV basis, we're quite strong all year, with strength ending the year in the high teens in Q4. So the competing and winning in the marketplace has remained robust throughout the year. Specific to the revenue recognition, it's really a combination of two things here in Q4, being – one is, the company has announced its intention to release an ITAR-compliant version of their cost point product, which is the GovCon ERP product, which really essentially enables that product to be hosted in the cloud and deploy it in the SaaS environment. So there are a couple of deals signed in Q4 taking advantage of that offering. And so that's a great trend for the business because the recurring revenue will increase quite meaningfully as that becomes more – gains more traction. That, combined with the fact that a couple – a handful of meaningfully sized perpetual deals pushed. And so if in the hypothetical world, if the ITAR-compliant SaaS product was not there, likely, these customers would have bought perpetual version. And then Deltek's would have been right in line. So it's really a combination of the SaaS offering gaining traction and a couple of deals pushing into the first or second quarter next year.
Neil Hunn: So the criteria for capital deployment really has not changed that much. It's always been rooted in finding businesses that have better cash returns than our existing. Over the arc of 20 years, that's gone from industrial products to medical products, the more software. The second criteria is always having a management team that is fundamentally focused on building the business versus transacting. And then finally, businesses that share the characteristics that all 45 of our businesses do, right, niche, leadership position, ability to invest in themselves to grow, high recurring revenues, high gross margins, et cetera. So those criteria have not changed at all and it won't change going forward. The recent acquisitions that you referenced, certainly the ones really from Deltek, ConstructConnect, Aderant, PowerPlan, Foundry, iPipeline, the larger ones from 2016 forward, have met all those criteria, and the businesses are performing at or maybe modestly above our initial expectations.
Neil Hunn: Yes. The vast majority of our deployment will be on platform ideas. Occasionally, we'll do bolt-ons or tuck-ins as they strategically warrant in the business. It's not a budget. If you just look over our arc of time, about 10% of the capital deployed, it's been in bolt-ons, but it's just been a by-product of how it's unfolded. It's certainly not a budget or a planning number going forward. But my bid will be somewhere in that plus or minus ballpark.
Neil Hunn: We don't. The free cash flow number is a corporate number with all the corporate interest tax, et cetera. So we don't look at it in that way. I would say the business level cash flow. So if you look at sort of EBITDA to revenue, subtracting their CapEx is pretty darn close to their EBITDA because the CapEx is not a big number. And then from a working capital perspective, there's not huge movement there. So it's still a very high number. I can't give you an exact free cash flow number for the…
Neil Hunn: Yes. So there's the 200 or so incremental revenue this year. And then there will be some recurring from the project, probably in the $50 million to $60 million range into next year and then into the next several years. So that would then leave the rest of TransCore, and a lot of other projects we're working on, to pick up some of that slack, which they're working hard on already today.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So Neptune, as you know, is 100% focused in the water meter business, and that's where they're going to be. They're not going to stray to gas or electric meters. And more importantly, it's really water meters in North America, where pressure rates are higher than the rest of the world. So it's a pretty complicated device metering application, both mechanical and ultrasonic. So the company is going to stay focused there. That said, the company now for at least three years has been investing in its software applications and capability because now the readers are being read more frequently. And so there's more use cases that are being developed about what you do with that data around leak detection or shutoff or whatever our customers ask for, Neptune is working to build. The shutoff is a hard case, but leak detection is a good case, for instance, in terms of value to the end user. So they – to that end, they opened an innovation center three years or so ago in Atlanta to attract better talent than they could in their existing locations in more rural Alabama. So it's been a part of the strategy, and I suspect it will remain part of the strategy for quite some time.
Neil Hunn: That's correct. And it'll be a little more profitable in the back three quarters in the first quarter, but it's not something where it's breakeven Q1, 10% Q2 and 40% in Q4. It's not anything like that at all.
Neil Hunn: Sure. I'll take that one, Rick. So first, DAT, let's define what they are. It's full truckload, spot market North America freight match, right. So it is a niche industry. There's captive, there's contracted and there's spot markets. But what we have observed here over the last really two or three years with DAT is their network strength, right, it's a – their relative market share is three-ish versus their competitor, right. So their network is three times the size their next largest competitor. That network strength has proven to play well when the trucking markets are super hot and when they weak. So step back from that, why is that, right. So if you're a carrier, and it is a very hot market. The carrier is going to want to be very selective in their routes. Maybe they're going from Kansas City, Chicago, and they want to go right back to Kansas City. So they're going to be a network participant to be able to select specifically what they want. So you see active participation. And then conversely, the brokers are looking for the capacity. When things lighten up, the truckers are looking for work, right. So they become less selective. And so the value proposition of participating in the network on both sides of the network in both market conditions tend to be quite robust.
Neil Hunn: Yes. There is – there really isn't more competition in the freight matching space. That said, this company has done so well for a number of years. We do expect the growth to moderate a bit in 2020.
Neil Hunn: That said, we expected this business to moderate for the last few years as well and they've outlasted our expectations.
Neil Hunn: Yes, I think the 2Q point you're referencing is Deltek had two very large perpetual deals in 2Q of 2018, which drove outsized margin and that's very specific. So it's a very hard comp coming over in 2Q of 2019, if my memory serves correct.
Neil Hunn: Sure. All right. If these are short questions, Julian, and I'd hate to hear a long one. So I'll try to hit the talent, the group, the organic and the R&D. So I'll hit the organic first. So we said that it's my intention objective to position the company, reporting of my businesses to execute our organic growth strategy that's been a little bit better in the past. That said, this is going to take time because we want to do it structurally. We want to do it – we're playing the long game. And importantly, we're going to only do it to the extent that CRI accretive. And so this is going to take a long time. And success, by the way, is measured by 50 or 100 basis points more of organic growth, not doubling the organic growth profile because these businesses are built for defensibility, yet we haven't met a Roper business that's optimized its organic growth algorithm. And so we believe there's long-term, I'll emphasize long-term, potential there. Now we're going to do that through the group executives, engaging with our teams, principally on three things: how to develop strategy, how to execute strategy and how to run a talent offense. And so we can spend more time later sort of unpacking that because it's a passion of ours here to do that. But we believe sort of the right strategy with the right strategic enablement, with putting the right field – the right team on the field, will yield great results for our shareholders over a long arc of time. Specific to your R&D spend. In 2020, for the software businesses, but basically both software segments. We're planning on 70 or 80 basis points more spend in R&D. So when you multiply that through, it's $20 million or $25 million of incremental spend in R&D relative to the revenue and that sort of spread across where the best opportunities are in each one of the businesses. And that – we'd expect that pace to – I can't tell you if it's that exact number of basis points each year, but expect that number to continue to increase over time as it naturally does in software businesses. And that is embedded in everything Rob mentioned earlier about margins being flat for the year and margins that – everything he talked about. So that's my view on your question and happy to follow-up as needed later.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So the headwind is the same headwind the business has experienced for quite some time. It's – it is, unfortunately, like slow motion and tectonically playing out because our customers, when they make a decision to leave three years ago. It takes them three years to leave. And so there's no new information. It's just taking this time to play out. The mitigating fact is we've decided, is we continue to invest in the products of this business, right. So we've invested in internationalization of the product. We are investing in the molecular genetic capabilities. We're investing in the integration of the fluid tissue and genetic molecular labs, and that continues and will continue. And so it's – we just have to let this one competitive headwind play itself out of the course of the next year.
Neil Hunn: Well, yes, I think when we announced iPipeline, we felt really good about that being a high single-digit organic grower and nothing has changed to our opinion on that.
Neil Hunn: That sounds like the same questions we asked our management team during this project run out. So we do feel that – we do feel the cash flows to be pretty well aligned with our earnings on the project. We've worked hard with that. We have a great partner that's working with us to make sure that, that happens. And so we do feel good about the cash coming in sort of in line with the EBITDA. Now certainly, you could see some payments in 2021 after the project is ended. So we'll see what happens but we're working hard to make sure the cash comes in on time.
Neil Hunn: Steady as she goes. Neptune's strategy has been actually focused on the medium and smaller municipalities. That's what their strength has been and will continue to be.
Neil Hunn: It's already started. Yes. So the – it's a big project. It's got some complexity associated with it. So it certainly has a possibility of some of that bleeds into 2021. That said, let me be very clear, our customer has told us the infrastructure needs to be ready by December 31, 2020. And that's the project plan. That's the resources that are being deployed because that will then, in turn, enable the MTA to decide when and how they want to introduce the tolling. So our part of the project is to be completed by the end of the year per our customers' demand.
Rob Crisci: Yes. Deane, I think that's right. I think you're just getting started with the project here in the first quarter. So we think you'd assume you'd have a little bit less – well, we know we have a little bit less revenue recognition, probably a little bit lower margin, and as we move on throughout the year, both of those will increase quite a bit.
Rob Crisci: So process for the year was minus 4%. So you're talking 12% of the company. So we would add a – probably a point or 2, just doing the math at the top of my head…
Rob Crisci: Yes, PowerPlan for the year was down a little bit. We think it will be up in 2020 full year, including the first quarter.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So I've got – so from an EBITDA standpoint, there's about $70 million of EBITDA from the acquisitions. That's an add and then you take away about $50 million of EBITDA from Gatan. So it's a net around $20 million of EBITDA.
Rob Crisci: It's not too meaningful. There's some incremental revenue from TransCore there in the first quarter. But it's not a big add to the first quarter. And as I think you know, Q1 last year was 6% organic. So they're really – it's just a matter of the comps. If you look at the software businesses, for example, it's just the comps that the – is the only difference as we move forward throughout the year.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So I think as you're aware, the TransCore business margin is below the Roper average. And so this business is going to be in that range. And I think the margins do improve after the first quarter moving forward. Exactly how linear that's going to be, is difficult to predict, as Neil mentioned, given what goes on with the project, but it certainly will get a little bit better after the first quarter, and it's probably going to be relatively consistent throughout the rest of the year as our – is our best estimate as we sit here today.
Rob Crisci: Yes. That's correct. Yes, so there's like, what we've said $50 million recurring after 2020 goes on for five years, and we would hope it would go on many years after that as you get a chance to renew the maintenance part.
Rob Crisci: Yes so – Yes. No. I think embedded in our initial guidance as it normally is, is that EBITDA margins will be roughly flat year-over-year. There's maybe a little bit of an increase. But certainly, the TransCore project is a negative. And then some declines in those more cyclical businesses is generally a negative to your margin. And the flip side of that is excellent growth at the software businesses, which is a net positive. And if you add all those things together, our initial signs model has the EBITDA margins about flat year-over-year, and we'll work to do a little bit better than that.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So we're still about even in between the SaaS revenue and the traditional on-prem license maintenance revenue within our software businesses. And from a margin perspective, there really isn't that large of a difference in terms of EBITDA margin between those two business models for our businesses. It's – where the variability happens, as Neil mentioned, is when you get a new license win in a quarter, all that revenue is recognized immediately. If you get a new SaaS win in a quarter, that revenue is recognized over the next 12 months and beyond. So that's the only difference. But from a margin standpoint, there isn't a lot of change within the two models.
Rob Crisci: Yes, that's a smaller add-on to Deltek. And it's probably mid single-digit organic grower or maybe better.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So I wouldn't view the new businesses as a drag at all. I mean, they're all generally in line with the margins – EBITDA margins, right. Yes. I'm always speaking in terms of EBITDA margins and Shannon is correcting me – sometimes correcting me that the analyst think in terms of OP a lot of times. But from an EBITDA margin perspective, very consistent and there's no reason why they should go backwards. As Neil mentioned, I mean, we're always spending a lot in R&D. We're growing R&D, and you – and it's easy to do that when you have businesses that come in at a high contribution margins. There's plenty of dollars to invest in R&D and talent and people and everything, and that's really how these businesses grow. So we're continuing to do that. So I wouldn't see any sort of a margin headwind for these businesses any time into the future.
Rob Crisci: Yes. It's incremental on the growth, right. I mean, when you have EBITDA margins in that 40% range, that's a very healthy software business that continually invests to grow. So I think that if it expands, great, but it's really about growing more at current margins.
Rob Crisci: Yes. No. Thanks, Steve, for the question. I was preparing for it. I'm glad you got back on and asked. Yes. No, we definitely feel free cash flow….
Rob Crisci: You saved the day. Yes. No, I think if you look at our overall guide, free cash flow should grow double digits based on our guide in 2020. And then, obviously, as we do acquisitions, that should be further accretive to that. So that's sort of how we see it as of today. So no, there's no headwinds on cash flow.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So what balances around, right, so if you're looking at conversion to adjusted net earnings, what balances around the most is tax payments and cash tax versus GAAP tax. And so that's been a headwind the last couple of years with a lot more cash tax payments. And also, as I mentioned in the pre – in the scripted comments around TransCore, it didn't have a very good cash year around some projects last year, and then some of the product businesses weren't great. So I think as we sit – from a working capital standpoint, I think that we've got some additional room to improve. And so then that will be beneficial to cash flow next year and beyond. Everything else is very structural from a high cash conversion standpoint.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for the questions. Just could you possibly just give some commentary around the profit associated with the MTA contract? And then what's – what might be the cadence there? I mean, is that a – just an EBIT or EBITDA contribution from that contract? And is it – does it scale up meaningfully as the revenue grows there? Or is – just some feel for what that could add, so I can get kind of a sense per share on a quarterly basis, given our revenue assumptions.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then, if you mind, could I just sneak one more in, please. Just the transportation business within network software, that – the freight matching business is just another tremendous year in a tough – fairly tough trucking industry, I guess, if you will. Is that a countercyclical business as things get tough in the trucking industry, we're looking to optimize our assets there by matching freight? And just maybe explain that business a little bit and then maybe what the prospects are for 2020.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And outlook for 2020? I mean, do we kind of sustain the current growth rate? Or do we settle down? It's just there's – it seems around the fringes, there's more competition in that space, but you guys have maneuvered quite well there.
