John Humphrey: Well, I think it really comes down to, a, the improvement in the earnings but also, we continue to work and get better at receivables collections and inventory performance, both of which are improved in the quarter versus where we were last year. And as you know, as you get closer to the end, you get more confidence over how the cash is actually going to roll in. And a change in just a few days here and there could have a large impact with the amount of cash that we receive and disburse on a regular basis. So as we look at our cash collections so far during this month as well as the performance that we've seen on the receivables side, it makes us feel comfortable with the new guidance range.
John Humphrey: Sure. As far as the fourth quarter is concerned, it'll be somewhere in the 29% range, is what we're expecting for the fourth quarter. And that really brings our full year to kind of in the 28% to 29% range. Now of course -- and we do always have some upward pressure, particularly as we fell more in the U.S. where tax rates are some of the highest in the world. So we'll be fighting that type of headwind, that as we start to look forward into 2011, it will probably be somewhere in the 30% to 31% range. And then we'll just have to see if we can have any other good tax planning ideas in order to bring that down a little bit. So we'll have to wait until we get to guidance on anything more specific than that.
John Humphrey: Sure. Actually, as far as earnings accretion is concerned, we had already assumed kind of when we announced this back in July that they would add $0.02 or $0.03 to the full year. And we're right on track for that, so we're expecting it to add a couple of pennies in the fourth quarter. And then as we look forward into 2011, consistent with what we had said back in July at the announcement times, so this is going to deliver at least $55 million of EBITDA, of course, in 2011. This is a high margin business. So this is something that's going to add somewhere in the $90 million to $100 million of revenue in 2011. And other than that, I'll turn it over to Brian for the integration activity.
John Humphrey: So along those lines, the short answer is yes. Whatever is shipped within 12 months. And we have had the bookings in the past. If a project is canceled, if an order is completely canceled, we have absolutely had situations where we've had to de-book something. It doesn't happen very often. And what has happened vertically with the Houston METRO, where we did go ahead and book a roughly the first year's worth of that last year in the third quarter. The timing associated with that continue to slip a little bit each quarter, always staying within the 12-month window. We do feel very confident. We're already doing work, so this will be delivering revenue in the fourth quarter. So I hope that answers your question.
John Humphrey: Yes, there is. And in fact, you'll see the booking's always a little bit higher for CBORD and Horizon in the summer months, sometimes it's Q2, sometimes it's in Q3 depending on when the customers are making their decisions there. However, from a revenue recognition standpoint, we spread that revenue throughout the 12-month period that we're delivering the service. So there's a small component, maybe 20% or 30% of their revenue, which is associated with new installations of hardware. So that might be new security applications, new point-of-sale devices, et cetera. The vast majority of their revenue is software-related, and that's the part that is spread throughout the 12 months. It also is a component of our deferred revenue balance as we get paid in advance for that activity. It's a great cash flow generator for us.
John Humphrey: Well, I'm not sure I understood the Japan portion but as a rule, whenever we have any type of Japanese funding plus or minus, that's going to affect our camera companies, more so than our Medical businesses. Verathon is really an organic growth story, building in the infrastructure and investments in the sales force. And those folks are really doing a very good job of managing their ramp rates, their learning curve and really hitting the ground and continuing to expand with the product lines that they have. And then also, they've won some very nice orders with Saudi Arabia, as well as with the military. And so all of those things should continue the double-digit growth that Verathon had before we acquired them and they continue that and maybe even a little bit better post-acquisition.
John Humphrey: Well, actually, Wendy, from a standpoint of, I think, the prior peak for us, the operating margin in 2008 was right at 21.1%. And I believe on a year-to-date basis, we're probably at about 20.9% of that, do the math. That's just eyeballing it, I think that's about where we are. I mean kind of as Brian said, we don't think of prior peak, meaning the future peak. We always think about the next dollar revenues is going to deliver somewhere in the $0.30 to $0.35 range and we'll continue to get margin expansion as we continue to grow.
John Humphrey: Thank you, Coreen, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I know that there were a couple of folks who are still in the queue, but we did have to close this off. So I'll be following up with you individually. Otherwise, I look forward to talking to you again in about three months.
B. Jellison: Well, I would say that of all of the component parts of that networking capital calculation, even though inventory's at 7.7% of sales, we think that that's the one that's most easily improved. But we still think that our core legacy businesses do a good job but could do a better job on inventory turns. We got pretty high gross margins, right? So, I think we do a great job on balance, but some of our businesses are world-class and not all of them yet have caught up to that. I don't see a negative trend. I mean, we're not going to need to bring in more inventory and carry it for a longer time or have longer lead times and suppliers that would increase our inventories as a function of sales.
B. Jellison: Well, in a way, we've had kind of a benefit as we head into 2011, and that we've got a couple of projects here that have very been slow to roll out. I mean, good heavens, we've booked a significant portion of this Houston project in the third quarter a year ago, and so that's going to start to be sold here in Q4 next year. I mean, we know that for a fact. It's not a iffy thing. So I think we don't have headwinds going into organic growth in 2011. Certainly, the first quarter, we just finished the first halves of our Industrial group's strategic planning, and came away feeling like "Man, you were back to the Q4 2008 before the devastating recession hit in terms of how individual inertia is strong, and they've got a lot of product innovations." So they feel pretty bullish. But I have to reserve our overall enterprise until we finish the rest of the segments. But I think, certainly, 2011, we expect would be better than this year's actual numbers, and we got quite a few favorable things. We've got exceptionally high margin acquisition in there. We've got baseline growth in some things we're doing internationally. We've had a lot of things that have been postponed that we don't think would be postponed forever. So it's a little early for guidance, but we certainly feel as good going into 2011 as we did going into 2010.
B. Jellison: Well, John can give you a better idea about earnings increase, and then we'll talk a little bit more, Mark.
B. Jellison: Well, I think, integration in iTrade, this was a -- it's a very solid group of people. And there have been some consideration about taking them public, because these businesses have such high multiples. But as we were explaining to them, it's a little hard to do that, once you're using QuickBooks. So we've had to do a whole lot of accounting support. We have one of our best people who's been working with them to get them to be able to bring in their worldwide numbers. Because even though it's not an enormous business in revenue, it's got a global reach. And we're also doing a lot in terms of international development with them, and we have quite a few M&A things we're running the ground with them in terms of small bolt-ons to the business. So we spend a disproportioned amount of time in the last third quarter, let's call it, doing things. But all of the people aspects are going very well, and all of the administrative integration is going well. And I think Roper lending adds credibility to what's a relatively small company has helped them out a lot with these very large chains particularly in Europe, and we expect to be announcing some International business in the not-too-distant future here. So we're quite happy with it.
B. Jellison: All those businesses you can see are -- some of them are strong bounce back stories. They're up closer to 30% than high single digits. If there's two different things going on here, our Industrial business, not in Energy, we have Roper pump, which is traditionally an oil and gas play. But it's a pretty well vertically integrated manufacturing operation. They've developed a new line of products called DuraTorque, which are fundamentally going to change some of the ability to do drilling, used to be more focused on med pumps. The DuraTorque product line is something that gives us proprietary technology that has kind of been starting somewhat in the third quarter, gaining great momentum as people see how effective it is compared to the competition. So that's certainly going to grow at a pretty fast rate in a relatively small-market. On the Energy Systems side, those businesses are really more around the throughput of activity and making things better on an efficiency basis. So they're not very easily tied to rig count. So we are tied to upstream and downstream type of activity. And all of those are universally up. The one business we have in there that's been spotty, which did well in the third quarter is our Petroleum Analyzer Instrumentation business, which primarily goes into refining, and refining is still not doing as well as the rest of the end markets.
B. Jellison: It's mostly just that simple. I mean, it's quite a large project and it's been -- deployment on it has been slow. But we also have this Wireless Sensor business, it's an OEM business that sells to big security companies and it's been affected negatively of course because of commercial construction activity around the world. And while it isn't a very big business, it gives us -Bs to overcome. Looking at the book-to-bill isn't necessarily -- you almost need to look at it over a 12-month trailing basis to get an idea that bookings, what happens is that CBORD and Horizon and some of the software businesses are doing really well. So it looks like the thing's flat but you got some stuff up sharply and other stuff down.
B. Jellison: Well, there's a frenzy for people to try to get stuff in between now and the end of the year. There's an awful lot of things happening with a lot of things that are for sale. We have an enormous pipeline. I would say that as the diligence medals threw on them, that we're finding -- it's a good thing that we have good diligence. There's a lot of stuff for sale, not all of which is wonderful. People trying to get close before the end of the year, and there's all kinds of issues with private equity with lots of money on the sidelines, and they need to get it invested or will perhaps, not be able to have their capital calls on people. There's just a lot going. Pricewise, I would say that pricing is not as far apart as it was a year ago because it's a little easier for the buyer and the seller to have a better understanding around what the trailing numbers are and what the first year numbers look like. I would say that for the first part of this year, it would -- generally, private equity transactions were at least as high as public market transactions which is kind of ridiculous and not the norm. I think that's kind of come into a more stable area. So generally, we find it a bit outspread now. It may be one or two or 2.5x EBITDA, and then you got to find whether you could narrow that gap or not. So since we really buy things to grow them, we're really focused on the things that we can buy and add value to through channel management and market reach and better end-user value pricing and things like that, and maybe some supply chain stuff. There's no end to the kind of things we can look at, at the moment. If you were looking at a number of things outside the U.S., which is unusual, that's because those at the moment are the most attractive. I don't think we'll do anything, close anything between now and the end of the calendar year here with nine weeks to go or something. But I don't think we'll be pulling back on our run rate of $500 million to $600 million of acquisitions or more annually.
B. Jellison: Yes, there are several different things. One is you got the risk of carried interest being taxed as ordinary income. So there's a desire to get a lot of transactions done under the wire on that. And if you got something that is, you think you can really sell at a decent price, it's a good time to dispose of it for that reason. Secondly, the debt markets are just -- it's unbelievable. We're seeing 6x, 6.5x debt staples on everything now. So it's just quite easy for things to get refinanced. We had a transaction that we have been working on for a while where we finally passed because the guy can do it, he can basically refinance his debt at 6.5x his trailing EBITDA number, pay himself a big dividend and sell it again next year. There's a lot of that going.
B. Jellison: Well, we are growing faster in China than in the rest of the portfolio as a whole. We just don't have a huge base. We have one fiscal operation in Malu, which we've expanded and in fact, relocated from one factory facility last year to a newer larger facility recently. That's primarily around the Energy Systems products for the most part. We've got a common series of systems in selling and legal entities around that, that gives us a pretty good reach for products as they come online. Our Energy Systems business, a lot of its growth this year is in Asia. Now some of that is in Australia and Malaysia, Indonesia. But China has had an important part as well. When you look at medical products, frankly, growth in Europe and the Middle East and the U.S. is better. Price points in China for those kind of products that are really not very interesting and when you look at a good, better, best, they'll take something that's maybe not even good. So that's not us. And when you think then about the sort of Software businesses we have, I mean you can't walk our Freight Matching or CBORD into China with much effectiveness. So it's really around the Industrial & Energy businesses. And as you can see, those guys were up 35% and 30% respectively, and the Asian growth is higher than that base number.
B. Jellison: Well, unfortunately, there's always a lot of bureaucracy to work through in all these business. So the conversion cycles, we have learned are unpredictable. The ones that we're talking about now though, we think are relatively fast. So we think we're out in front, showing people the opportunity to convert some of our installed base to our United Toll System technology that we're delivering. We've got some very important trials underway and installations that are happening that are going to add organic growth for us certainly next year. And then we have some international transactions that we can't talk about that we're quite confident will be converted in 2011. So I don't think we're going to have another Houston situation where we're waiting almost for a year to get our first billing. I don't think that's the case.
B. Jellison: Well, of course, we've owned CBORD for a while, so we would consider that to be organic as it grows. And certainly, it does point out that the way that we've been developing Roper over the last nine years is to get these asset-light businesses that throw off a lot more cash. We talk about EBITDA and we report operating margins. What people should really focus on are our EBITA margins. If you look at our EBITA margins, for instance, in Industrial in the quarter, they were 29.9%. In Energy, they were 25.4%, and Medical Imaging, they were at 26.8%. In RF, they were 26.6%. People focusing on a 20% of the P [ph] in RF, the reality is a 26.6% on a cash basis. So the more we grow our Software businesses and the more we grow our asset-light businesses, the more cash as a function of revenue we'll generate. So it really helps. But right now, you've got stellar performance in all of our Industrial Energy businesses around cash generation because they don't need to add any CapEx, and they've don't need to add much in the way of resources to capture all the margin associated with their revenue. And the gross margins in all these businesses are basically 50% or higher. So if you look this year, EPS is up the most of any of the components when we think about that. So that's really helpful on the guidance raise, is driven the least by acquisitions, the most by net earnings growth and then somewhat by better visibility around what's going to happen on all of the respective balance sheets.
B. Jellison: Well, I don't think there's too much competition for them. I mean, we don't see that. I think, although, we are surprised sometimes at people paying, buying other public companies with control premiums is not something you'd likely see us do. And we do look at Industrial transactions. In order for us to get excited about it, we wouldn't want to see a lot of depreciation and replacement CapEx that's required in those businesses. So to the degree that there's nothing wrong with Industrial markets at all, but we don't want to have deeply vertically integrated factories. So we're still looking at assets in that arena. I mean, we're looking at a company in Europe as we speak. They do tend to get crowded out by the higher cash return businesses that are available to us in RF and Medical. So there's no real -- we don't have a bias against anything. We're absolutely just all about the cash return. If we can get the cash return to look right, and it fits any of our leadership capabilities, then we're all for it. But our number one filter on businesses is whether we think they can grow and have the right leadership component. And our number two filter is whether they hit the kind of cash returns that we're going to demand of them going forward. And if they do that, then we'll focus third on the market that they're in.
B. Jellison: I would say, we have more discussions than any real reality around realtime pricing. The politics on realtime pricing are pretty overwhelming. As a general rule, realtime pricing is going to be driven by a green orientation, and might get defeated by the politics of people who don't want to have to pay to enter the city. When you go to the technology, people have a big trade-off on the quality of the tag they use and what the read of that tag is and what happens. It's very important around accuracy. So we believe we have far and away the most accurate products and the best family of products for people to choose from. So you can use a wide variety of things we can deploy. Those people who look at well, what if I did a lower cost technology, sometimes we'll bid it that way, but when it's finished, they don't go that way. There are more people who have talked to us about really low-cost tags which wouldn't get you the same accuracy or read and would rely more on video tolling to be something buried up to it. I wouldn't say we're not -- we hear people talking about them. We don't see any real activity in the space.
B. Jellison: Well, I can assure you that Rob Bonavito runs iTrade and Tim Tighe runs CBORD and Horizon, and Tim Bickmore is running our Freight Matching businesses and Claude Yonnet and the company running Technolog, and the number of people in Neptune that are focused on software development, all feel they're doing a great job. And we agree with them. So I think the management we have in these phases is really world-class. Now at the sectoral level, if and when we break that off to its own independent family of businesses, we don't have a sectoral leader over that family of businesses. It's certainly possible in the future, we'll do that. It's interesting, we just brought in a new Vice President of HR for the business. And this is a guy whose career while his early upbringing was at Pepsi [ph], he was the HR guy for Compaq when HP bought it and of course was involved in the integration activity around HP and then became the HR guy for Dave over at Nielsen. So he's a guy who understands those kind of businesses and can help us in the selection process around people to staff these businesses going forward. But we're very happy with the quality of the people we have now.
B. Jellison: I think we're where we want to be. We've added a lot of people in our Medical business at the first part of this year and in the last part of last year. So I would say that in terms of feed in the street, our businesses are at full employment and very happy. We're still adding some additional people in our CIVCO business around certain things. But for the most part, we're where we want to be on people.
B. Jellison: I certainly would not have meant to imply that Industrial margins weren't spectacular. They're beyond that at 31.6% EBITDA. I think what I was trying to say was that the revenue for the Industrial businesses was not back to 2007 and '08 levels, which is a cause for optimism for us as we look at 2011. And of course, those businesses, just as you see the EBITDA and operating profit margin was up quite a bit in them, on a comparative basis in the quarter as they generate more growth, that comes in with very nice positive leverage. And that will continue to allow the margins to go up if they grow.
