Jason Conley: No, I think that's right. I mean, the abnormality, if you do a straight line from 2019, you'd see the business has been up substantially, right? So we have sort of this exceptional growth. A lot of carriers come in the market, they're exiting out. And you know, again, it's just been a good steady growth for us over the last 20 years absent, you know, sort of this exceptional period. And just back on Foundry, I would say that what we've observed is the gross retention of the business has been extremely strong. We have moved to a subscription model this year, and so that gives customers pause on if they get off maintenance, they're going to have to come back on a subscription. So we feel good to once the actor strike is done, that's -- that business is going to pick back up next year, hopefully.
Jason Conley: Hey, Joe, it's Jason. I would say that -- there always will be a spread. It was probably a little bit more pronounced this quarter just because we had some deals in AS push out, and we have -- you know, we talked about Foundry going from, you know, perpetual to subscription. So yeah, there always will be a spread. It's -- like I said, it's probably a little bit more pronounced than the third quarter though.
Jason Conley: Yeah, I'd say a little bit. I mean, it's -- you know, for the second half, it's like single-digit revenue impact relative to our last guide.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So we're partners with Haveli principally in -- the Haveli partners, we know quite well. It was one of the founders of Vista and then the person who led the tech practice at Bain came together joined Haveli. So the long history of both of them as individuals. They actually approached us to see if we can lend some of our expertise to the situation. So we're intrigued by being able to help. We're intrigued by the value creation opportunity here. It's a very compelling value-creation opportunity. And then we'll also learn a thing or two along the way. I mean, this is a smart group of people that have a long history of doing this type of transaction. It's a unique opportunity, Julian, as you mentioned. We're not looking to do a lot more of things like this. This is not the beginning of like a large book of minority investments. We'll continue to be opportunistic, but it's not going to be anything. It's going to be few and far between in terms of our pacing and volume on this. And the scale, I think we're on at the private business, so we'll sort of keep the scale of the business sort of in the private domain.
Neil Hunn: Oh, sorry, but you broke up just on the very end there, Allison. So I would say -- so yeah, just to reiterate it, sort of Neptune is, I mean, it is a bit market-based in that, that market continues to be, you know, very healthy. The customers are -- ordering patterns are consistent and robust, lots of backlog carrying into next year. So there's market share gains and product advantage we have and also a cooperative market for sure. You know, with Verathon, the market dynamic is moving towards single-use in the category in bronchoscope from reusables because of infection control. So it's a market that is definitely a growth market that we are very soon to be the number one player in knock on wood, maybe this quarter. And so, that's market related, but just tremendous execution by the team, both go-to-market and product. I mean, tons of product vitality. And then also in the segment, we have a couple -- we mentioned a couple of smaller RF product businesses. That's less market and more just clearing through just a mountain of supply chain problems that plague the businesses for many -- a few quarters. And second quarter and third quarter are great in that regard to those businesses.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, that's really the question. The -- so this -- it's like a -- the market Jason sort of referred to it as like a coiled spring. I mean, there is a tremendous amount of activity like forming activity, investment bankers, pipelines are filling processes are starting. There's increasing pressure from the LPs onto the sponsors to start thinking about getting some liquidity back to them. The sponsor is starting to think about raising new funds, which they need liquidity to do that. So there's a lot of the precursor activity that is required to see transactions come back into the market. The question still remains about the bid-ask spread between buyers and sellers. Here still -- the number of printed deals to date is still small, right? So this is -- and we anticipate -- well, we know there's going to be more opportunities. We don't yet know where they're going to clear. We continue to be super patient. You know, the market is coming to us. We don't have to chase the market. If we can find very compelling value opportunities like Replicon and Syntellis will do them. If we don't, we'll remain patient.
Neil Hunn: Thanks for saying that. We're looking at her, she's sort of an -- she's not on the back script, we're looking at her, and she's a blushing. So she's got to be great as part of the team for sure.
Neil Hunn: So it's played out as we anticipated over the course of the year. It's really been a mixed bag. Just look at one company in Deltek, strong across SMB, both on the government contracting and private sector, professional services markets, strong at the enterprise level for PS, less strong on the government contracting side at the enterprise level. So it really is a mixed bag. In that case, it's less macro related and more tied to the uncertainty around what's happening to the federal government and budgets and what's going on there. You see strength across iPipeline. You see strength at Aderant. Those are very healthy customer bases. So it really is a mixed bag. Obviously, the weakness at DAT given that we just talked about with just where freight markets are, so it's really a collection of bespoke things than it is sort of a broad brush macro across the portfolio.
Neil Hunn: Sure. Yeah. So we're definitely playing offense here. We think this is a transformational technology, right? It's not a trendy paradigm or hyping a fab. We think this is a foundational technology that will change the way we all live our personal lives and this will be conducted over the course of the next five years to 10 years, right? So that's our view on the technology of Gen AI and large language models, et cetera. So what we're doing is really a combination of top-down bottoms-up, if you will. From a top-down perspective, Deane, we've organized -- we deputized, I should say, a couple of our group executives, Satish Maripuri and Mike Corkery, to lead an education series across a variety of topics around Gen AI for our companies. So we've done a series of Zoom meetings, you know, three or four. We've got five or six still to go. They're spaced out every three weeks or four weeks around, that started with what is Gen AI, and it's evolving more and more into how do you deploy methods of deployment, where and how in the organization you deploy it both in productivity and new product ideas. So the hope with that is that it's -- it spurns this creative thinking across the 18,000 people at Roper. Think about how to impact our customers positively, how to impact our operations positively. So ultimately, it will be a bottoms-up, groundswell of ideas, but we're accelerating the learning, if you will. Ultimately, we might do a couple other things that center around, you know, contracts with some of the larger players or deployment models for cybersecurity, and safety and security purposes. But as with Roper, all the good ideas will be generated bottoms-up from the field and the leadership team and the employee base.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So relative to the professional services ramp build, that was principally at our laboratory -- global laboratory business, Clinisys. They've done just a tremendous job competing and winning in the UK, in the French market, in the Benelux region, they tend to be larger installs, and they did a nice job there. It also is around power plan, were that -- I think their second quarter services bookings was the largest services bookings quarter in the company's history, if my memory serves me correctly. So the deals have sort of formed in the capacity is in the process being utilized. So good operational sort of foresight from those two businesses. And then relative to health care exposure, I mean, it's with Syntellis. I mean, it's a stand-alone high single-digit growth business. Our Strata business was a little bit better than that over our ownership period. And the companies -- the combined company, now they've got the most of the cost synergy work is super excited about the new product development ideas they have to further monetize both the customer base and persona. I mean, we have 70% of the health systems as customers with the persona of the CFO, which is -- it's not just the same customer, but the same persona between the two companies, and we're very excited about what that can do.
Neil Hunn: So what I would say is -- as a general matter, we're still competing against the sponsor community, though the depth of the field is a little thinner. In the case of Syntellis, it was really a proprietary deal. And we haven't seen many proprietary deals in a long time, right? I mean, in a more frothy market, even if you were the most likely owner of an asset, the seller would run a market check. And in this case, we're able to just sort of cut through all that and reach a deal that made sense to both parties. So maybe in that regard, I mean, the competition is a little thinner, but it's the same set of characters.
Neil Hunn: Okay. So Frontline, as we mentioned, I mean, it was just a good first year. The renewals and we're right on plan. Consistent with last year, gross retention was in line with historical and net retention. So relative to the upsell, cross-selling was in line with historical rates, sort of 103, 104 is very consistent in the quarter for Frontline for net retention. So steady as she goes. It just goes to the criticality of what Frontline does for the customers in which they serve. Again, they empower the Frontline of education. So it's good. In terms of the new cross-selling or excuse me, net new customers, it's been very good on the sort of the run rate business at Frontline. Actually a little bit better than prior years. And then as it goes with the lot of small numbers, there's a handful of large deals that Frontline normally gets in any given year. The larger deals have been a little slower to show up this year. They're still in the pipeline. They're just starting to push into the right, but we're talking about three to five deals in the course of a year. It -- it's just a lot of small numbers. So we're not reading too much into that. Hard to recall a macro or a lack of execution. It's just a small number of deals.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So Neptune has got a lot of backlog carrying next year. Obviously, we've got to go through our planning process for all of our companies and understand the puts and takes. But we expect Neptune to have another good year as a general matter, just given the momentum in the backlog, the market positioning, the capacity they have, the competitive advantage they have. Relative to master -- data management and the software, it's been an important part of this business, you know, as we have more technology on the meter to get more data off the meters and do and push more capability to the theaters, you have to be able to start process a gigantic volume of data to be able to put it into a billing system or cash collection system. And so we have a pretty decent size and highly capable software group at Neptune that didn't exist 10 years ago that deals with this and it's a growing part of the business. It's always -- it's a smaller part of the business, but it's a fast-growing part of the business. One worthy to call out in the quarter. So I appreciate the question.
Neil Hunn: Well, Joe, I would say, yes and no to that. I would -- I mean, first of all, times of uncertainty relative to our capital deployment, our history and pattern recognition says, those are great times for us, right? If you go back to like the pandemic, we do Vertafore. Like in the late summer of 2020, it was an -- it's a terrific business for us, a great asset for us, our largest deal because of our balance sheet strength and our flexibility, we were in business when nobody else was and the sellers need to sell. Frontlines, very different reasons last year, very similar. Syntellis, I mean, it's opportunity in this uncertainty. So we like that. Now as it relates to going to be deployed to a platform or bolt-on, we've built over 20 years, the ability to understand -- be a great, if you will, humbly a business picker. And part of that is understanding the markets and understand the competitive advantages. But in that, we're looking for stability, right? We're looking for stable competitive forces, observable competitive forces, small markets, clear leadership position, high gross and net retention, that's a formula for stability which -- from which to grow from. And so if we see things like that and these uncertain times, we'll certainly lean into that. At the same time, as we talked about at our Investor Day, for our capital deployment strategy, we are trying to lean in to do more bolt-on activity because they've historically been the best value-creative deals we've done, they help our businesses once they turn organic grow faster. That's a gigantic part of what we brought Janet in to do to help lead that part of our investment strategy. And so, we'll do either, but you understand sort of the dynamic between the -- the interplay between the two.
Neil Hunn: I think all of that is factored into the current environment. I think the large government -- the enterprise class government contractors based on just the uncertainty have -- or just are being very cautious in their activity. They've been cautious over, you know, fits and starts this year. So I think it's baked in. It's certainly reflected in our balance of the outlook for this year, sort of continued uncertainty. And this but the good news is this will eventually clear itself and then the government to get you back to spending, and that will be a catalyst for Deltek.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. I mean before Frontline, Q4 was our -- you know, our strongest quarter of the year. You know, we have a lot of large renewals at our enterprise software businesses. We expect it to be strong again this year. I mean, I don't think Frontline is going to really give back. They're just not going to give, right? They'll be kind of flattish on cash. So we feel good about sort of the -- you know, the fourth quarter and how it's going to close out the year. We still expect to be north of 30% free cash flow margins for this year. And so, Q3 was obviously strong, and we expect the same in Q4.
Neil Hunn: I mean, I think it's -- again, just to remind everybody, right, I mean we've got a business model that's like built on durability, right? So it's very highly incurring. What we do is mission-critical. So we're not on the fringe, generally speaking, something that can be turned off and on. We're just -- we're system of record. You know, we operate sort of the freight markets like our customers need our software that leads to high retention. There's pricing, that's routine in the growth algorithm. Most of the cyclicality has been taken out of the business. And so this is -- the macro is it's a very durable set of businesses. So we're talking about a point or two here or there relative to the impact of all of this. There isn't -- we talked quite a bit getting rid of this call, Steve, about is there some broad brush pan room for macroeconomic impact. And what we say is what we said from the beginning of the year is we just expected from our January call that software would be a little slower because generally you're not going to buy new large software with uncertainty in the market. So the impact on our growth algorithm is gross retention should is -- we expect that it is a little bit higher. Cross-selling and up-selling should be a little bit lower because you're not going to grow as much with your customers and then we're not so. Our net retention is going to net out to be in the same area code as it always has been. And then you're not going to sell as many large new things and that's essentially what's played out across the enterprise, but there's pockets of differences. You've got a ton of strength at Aderant. You have a little bit of weakness in GovCon at Deltek. You've got strength you know at -- you know and help me with -- iPipeline, sorry, tons of strength in iPipeline, improving strength at ConstructConnect, but then you have the DAT headwind. So it really is a mixed bag of things.
Neil Hunn: So we're in the early stages of doing that, right? So we don't want what we do not and we will not do is do a center-led process from Sarasota and say to any one of our companies, here's something you should buy. We're not going to do that. We will not do that. What we are going to do is we're asking the vast, vast majority of our businesses as they go through their strategic planning cycle to have both an organic and an inorganic strategy. And so, as we go through that vetting exercise, we'll build -- we'll understand the strategic areas of expansion and then we'll have the discussion should it be organic or inorganic. From there, we'll then forward lean to figure out the inorganic opportunities and then go from there. So that's the process. As a general matter, I think, the larger businesses are the most obvious ones. We'll start Deltek, you know, Frontline, Vertafore, but it's not limited to the largest one. I mean, Strata was sort of an average or a mean-size business for us, if you will, and there was a very compelling opportunity. I think we'll ultimately have, if you will, again, the vast majority, maybe as many as 20 of our 27 companies will have some inorganic growth strategy. Whether or not we execute against that, is a whole another thing, but at least we'll have strategies formed across the vast majority of the portfolio.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. Joe, you know, our fourth quarter is a very strong renewal season for us at Deltek, Vertafore, and Aderant. So -- but I'd say, you know, it is balanced across the year, but more in the fourth quarter. And obviously with Frontline in the third quarter, that's changed the dynamic there. But we expect strong renewals. You know, we had our operating calls this quarter and the renewal process has already kicked off for the fourth quarter for these businesses, and you know, we're hearing positive feedback.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So just to remind everybody, Construct Connect is the leader in commercial construction informatics. So in this data set is used in the planning stages of construction. So once they shovel goes in the ground, that's a different part of the industry and one in which we do not compete. So it's actually -- when -- so think of it if you're a contractor or a building product manufacturer and there's so much work to do that you have a backlog and you're not responding to RFPs. That's the environment we've been in for the last handful of years. It actually has a dampening demand driver for our business. When business is harder to find, there's fewer projects than the contractors are having to work harder and find opportunities. That plays into the strength of ConstructConnect. So, to the first point why we're seeing some improving strength there is because the market's coming to us, it tends to have countercyclical demand drivers. But we have to -- when we talk about ConstructConnect, we got to talk about the operational improvements that have happened in the business with Matt Strazza and his team at ConstructConnect. They're doing a tremendous job taking complexity out of this business, having a go-to-market motion that's more efficient, having a product motion that's more efficient, having a marketing message that's more efficient. And so when the market's coming to us, we are doing a better job capturing that demand. So, it's a combination of both market and operations.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, I mean, I think it's a little early to talk about margins for next year, but I mean, broadly, you know, 45% operating leverage is sort of what our long-term model is, and we've been you know, close to that this year. I think you're probably right, though on network, it'll be maybe a little bit above that next year, but it's still too early to tell.
Neil Hunn: I wouldn't read too much into that. We have a board member and a board observer, and part of us delivering our knowledge, if you will, to that enterprise and also learning from the enterprise comes partially through the board interaction. And so I would not read anything into that other than Tim was the one who helped shepherd the process. He had the relationships. Obviously, the MA team leads the Diligence. And so he's just a name board member. I wouldn't read anything into that. This is one step into a second-step transaction.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, I mean, I think I've said for about a year, you know, we kind of looked at things as kind of a margin, so as a percent of revenue. And being north of 30% of revenue on free cash flow is kind of the right way to think about it. You know, with EBITDA, obviously, with interest rates changing, it's -- you know, it's good to look at it in a certain point of time. And over time, that can change. So percent of revenue is sort of how we think about it. North of 30% is our target.
