Neil Hunn: Thanks, Zack and good morning everyone. Before going through today's agenda, we'd like to thank all of you who have reached out to express your support and concern for Brian, our Executive Chairman. On a personal note, I would like to thank Brian for his tremendous leadership and his long-term mentorship to me. I want to assure everyone it's business as usual here at the company which you'll see throughout today's presentation. We have a very deep and talented management team both in the field and here in Sarasota that is committed to the continued execution of our proven strategy. To that end, we recently promoted both, Rob Crisci, our CFO and John Stipancich, our General Counsel to Executive Vice President. These promotions are indicative of their past contributions to the enterprise and also their go-forward contributions to the team here at Roper. Our CIR based processes and disciplines are deeply embedded in our culture and we'll continue working to make Roper an even better company in the years to come. Now turning to today's agenda. We'll start with our Q3 enterprise results then turn to our segment performance and outlook followed by our guidance update and then we'll open up for questions. Next slide please. As we look at our Q3, 2018 enterprise highlights, it was really a fantastic quarter. Record results with revenue, EBITDA, net earnings, cash flow and virtually any financial category that you can look at. Revenue grew 13% to $1.32 billion with organic revenue growth of 9%. We saw double-digit revenue growth across all four segments, really just fantastic performance and very broad execution. Gross profit grew 14% with gross margins expanding 80 basis points to a record 63.8%. When you look at gross profit gross profit margins, it really highlights the power of our niche strategy and our team's ability to nimbly execute through the quarter. As we look at this margin, there was very little impact of tariffs or any cost push inflation that flowed through our numbers. It was really just spectacular performance across the board relative to our margins. EBITDA grew 16% to $473 million. EBITDA margins expanded 100 basis points to 35.8%. Importantly, we saw double digit EBITDA growth and margin expansion across all four segments. Earnings before taxes, grew 18% to $411 million DEPS grew 31% to $3.09 and free cash flow grew 34% to $404 million or 31% of revenue. So as we look at the quarter, we're certainly delighted with the breadth of the performance, but also like the top to bottom leverage. You can see that revenue grew 13%; gross profit grew 14%; EBITDA plus 16%; earnings before taxes 18%; DEPS 31%; free cash flow 34%; leveraged all the way from the top to the bottom, really a fantastic result. Now I'll turn it over to Rob to take us through the income statement.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So it's Neil. I'll take a shot at this and then Rob can add any color. Let's talk about tariffs first and we can really talk about tariffs and the inflation together. So it's important to note that none of our businesses compete on scale, right? We have these. These are very small nimbly-oriented businesses that compete based on how quickly they can answer customers' needs. As you know our businesses are not gigantic, so as a result the supply chains are very nimble. And the management teams ability to execute through a tariff issue with either slightly rebalancing the supply chain or working through our pricing increase or pricing policy offset that we saw it the quarter. We saw that carrying into Q4 and into the next year. It's really a very, very small impact in Q3 and Q4. And the same can be said for input cost. If you look at our gross margins, there's just very little material that goes into what we do. And so what is there it's very minimal and that's our view. There's not much of an impact.
Neil Hunn: Yes so the funnel as we talked about is quite robust, but candidly is always robust. We just see a tremendous number of opportunities and we are oftentimes just betting through the opportunities and there might be an attractive opportunity we pass on because we think there's something that's more attractive that's going to come into future. So we continue to be very disciplined, but then that discipline is only outmatched by our patience to do what's right for the long term relative to the M&A funnel. But as it sits right now, it's quite robust and the teams are working hard to mature that. So it's always difficult to time or predict the timing of deals because we're just going to do what's right in the long term for shareholders. Relative to sizing, Rob talked about the strength of our balance sheet. We've talked in the past about $7 billion over a four-year period. That's just the way the math works out, but we've never - we don't feel or never have felt pressure or budget to try allocate capital or deploy capital in any specific small window of time and that remains consistent. Relative to the - if you will the valuations between private and public companies, it's something that we'll watch carefully. I do think its public companies get mark-to-market every day private companies don't. There typically is a little bit of a lag to the extent there is a long term de-rating of public companies that does take a quarter or two, perhaps a little bit longer for private companies to sort of realize that's where the market is. But at the same time these funds are always raising money and they have to return money to capital and so that oftentimes offsets that stickiness if you will. So it's not something that we view as any sort of material challenge to us to deploy capital going forward.
Neil Hunn: Well, thank you. And I'll remind you and everybody Brian is the Executive Chairman and still involved in the business in that capacity.
Neil Hunn: So it would generally grow in line with the organic growth of the software company. Sometimes if you're moving through sort of a change more towards fast some of our business are, they could go up a little bit faster. There's a little bit of seasonality with that as well so a lot of the renewals you have in the fourth quarter. So probably generally assume that deferred revenue gets better in the fourth quarter and then after that going into the next year will depend in the quarter sort of when the renewal happen. Many of these businesses they're getting a full year's worth of revenue in advance and that's really what's driving deferred revenue number.
Neil Hunn: Yeah, so purchase accounting requires you to take a haircut on deferred revenue of what's acquired. So you'll generally have less than a sort of a normal deferred revenue on day one and then that builds up over the next year. If you've noticed that one adjustment that we make that hit the revenue line adjusted revenue not just adding that accounting-based movement on the revenue where you're actually getting all the cost from a business, but you can't recognize some of the revenue from a GAAP standpoint. So that's where you sit the haircut. You will generally see more deferred revenue growth sort of the first year of ownership than other years.
Neil Hunn: So Sunquest, the quarter in the Americas business continued its mid single-digits decline for the reason we talked about in the past. The global part of the business and the CliniSys piece of the IPs and the global part of Sunquest grew as we also indicated in the past couple of quarters. So the story relative to Sunquest is the same in terms of sort of rebasing the North American business and looking forward to getting with the team in the next actually - Monday, Tuesday next week in Tucson to go through their three-year strategic road map.
Neil Hunn: But today some of our businesses - yes. Steve healthcare software group we talked about that grew low single-digit organically inclusive of both the decline.
Neil Hunn: Well we would beg to differ that products are similar. And I think the market share gains would demonstrate the customers are voting that way. We talked in the past. It's principally or one of the principal elements is that is the customers have been the journey of migrating from non-networks to network meters and on the network journey from mobile to fixed networks. Many, many years ago the Neptune product strategy was to allow all that to be backwards compatible. And so as the customers - and customer any region with network of meters, they sort of plan that migration over a series of years, not in big burst events and the backward compatibility has enabled this market share shift to happen because that we - the customers don't have to abandon their historical investment. So that's been a key tenet to the market share shift. And when we talked about - I talked about the mini network effect that's happening at the local customer level.
Neil Hunn: I think it was more like 10 times is what we paid for. So we as a group it's worth just reemphasizing as a group of Acute Care Software assets they are growing and we see that continuing. If you peel off what we're talking about a part of the group and a part of a business that we're talking about which is the North American Sunquest business. And so certainly in our deal model, we didn't model that it was going to go back mid-single digits. We had it flat to up lows and going back over history right we bought it there was a meaningful use, tailwind that drove sort of outsized onetime growth over the course of 12 months to 18 months then we had to lap over that. And then we're here with this pressure - competitive pressure in the North American market that we've been experiencing this year a little bit last year and we'll continue to experience in the next year.
Robert Crisci: Thank you, Neil. Good morning everyone. So, on the next slide, we have our Q3 income statement metrics, a little bit more detail on some of the numbers that Neil had outlined on the previous slide. On revenue, our results with a 13% overall growth and 9% organic growth, we exceeded importantly $1.3 billion in the quarter for the first time and we remain on track for double-digit revenue growth this year, our margins up, 80 basis points, our gross margins up 100 basis points, our EBITDA margin. As Neil mentioned, EBITDA margin expansion across all four of our reporting segments and 16% EBITDA growth overall. Again we like to point out that the growth this year in earnings before tax as many of you know, we are a company that benefits quite a bit from the recent tax reform, but even setting that aside, we're able to grow our earnings before tax at 18% in the quarter, a very nice results. And that if you carry that down to the DEPS line, we grew 31%. I would note on the tax rate for the quarter of 21.5%. That was a little bit better than we expected coming into the quarter. We would expect to be right around 23% for Q4 and that number is embedded in our guidance. Next slide please. The next slide is an important slide to Roper, the cash flow slide. It really was an outstanding cash flow quarter, excellent growth of 32% operating cash flow and importantly an increase of over $100 million in cash flow versus last year. On the free cash flow line, $404 million of free cash flow. As you see here $418 million of operating cash flow converts to $404 million of free cash flow, the first quarter that we've exceeded $400 million in free cash flow and that's really a testament to our asset light model with very little CapEx and the ability to really generate a lot of cash as we continue to compound. On the full year basis, we certainly expect to be double digit cash flow growth. We're now up to 12% year-to-date versus last year and operating cash flow at $966 million year-to-date. Next slide. Again another important slide for Roper especially is our asset-light business model networking capital slide. So as of 9/30/18, you can see on the column on the right, our inventory 4.4% of revenue; receivables 16.6% of revenue; payables and accruals 11.5%; and importantly the deferred revenue number up to 11.7%. If you net all those together, you see once again negative networking capital for the company minus 2.2%. So we always like to look back at a little bit of a longer-term trend here really if you can see Roper's transformation over time. So if we look back to five years ago on September 30 of 2013 we had inventory of 6%, receivables of 18%, payables and accruals of 11.5% very similar to this quarter, but deferred revenue was only 6%. So if you have to 9/30/13 to today you can see a massive increase in our ability to generate cash and working capital and that's massively negative working capital that we expect to continue. So on our deferred revenue basis, we had about $212 million of deferred revenue back in 2013 that's now up to $620 million in 2018, and we expect that number to continue to increase moving forward. Next slide. So as far as strong financial position, well, one of our guiding principles are our capital structure here in Roper is to always be opportunistic on when we access the bond market. As you know, we're more committed to investment grade and we always want to make sure our leverage are - is at reasonable levels. And we're able to go ahead and complete a bond offering in mid-August and what's really a good environment with the 10-year treasury a little bit below 2.9%. So we completed 1.5 billion bond offering pretty close to evenly split between five and 10. And as part of that we decided to go ahead and redeem our 2019 6.25% notes a little bit early, so that did result in a $16 million one-time debt extinguishment charge in the quarter. As we look at that decision the is very attractive versus waiting to commit to next year in a rising interest rate environment, so we think the breakeven there was really kind of a no-brainer going ahead to do that. So we did that and we're happy with the result of the offering. So where we sit today now is $4.1 billion of bonds that's after our October 1st maturity where the bonds went over to the revolver. So now we have $4.1 billion of bonds at a weighted rate of about 3.5%. So, really well positioned from an interest rate cost of capital perspective moving forward. Our gross debt-to-EBITDA is now down to 2.8 times, and notably, as before we received the Gatan proceeds so with that transaction does close, it should bring us to another $700 million or so of after-tax proceeds that would further reduce leverage. So we had a very strategically positioned on the balance sheet and I think very, very well positioned to fund capital deployment moving forward. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Neil.
Robert Crisci: Yes I would just add to that Deane. From a target side perspective as we've said in the past, most of the targets that we're going after - kind of north of call it $400 million if value up well over $1 billion. I mean that tends to be kind of the sweet spot for the sort of things that we acquire, given our size and given sort of type of businesses that we're targeting. And I think most of the things in the pipeline are going to be in that general range.
Robert Crisci: Yes, we added a number of acquisitions to it which we wouldn't have added in the initial model and those all out. So, overall very good platform growth.
Robert Crisci: Yes. So for the industrial segment, the mid-single-digit organic guidance for Q4 is exactly consistent with what we said three months ago when we saw how the year would play out. Neptune as we've spoken about on the call is by far the largest business in the segment and they had sort of an unusually strong Q4 from a seasonality standpoint last year. They generally - in that business seasonality for Q4 is lighter than Q3 and last year for various factors, it wasn't - there is really wasn't any sort of a sequential to down Q3 and Q4, we see more normal seasonality this year. That's a big driver of it. I'd say that the order trends across the industrial and the energy businesses which is really the only place is really can give you an insights here, I mean at Roper or given some of the software, but these businesses we do of course look at the orders on individual basis and I would say they are very supportive of mid-single-digit organic and there's certainly optimism moving forward into next year. But we feel really good about the guide. I'd say on the energy businesses from a seasonality standpoint, we're probably assuming a little bit less than normal Q4 uptick in terms of seasonality and energy businesses. We just think that's prudent, some of that certainly will have great visibility in here and so we're not assuming a little bit less than what is normal, so could be there in that, but who knows.
Robert Crisci: Yes we're on track. It's mid to high single-digit organic growth business, a little bit better coming in. It's certainly on track, so that is performing as we expected. I think the team has been a really nice job of quickly getting up to sort of the Roper processes. We had a great quarterly call with them last week and I think we feel really good about the trends of that business.
Brian Jellison: Yeah. So you're right in the quarter on the distinct flash and again it's in line with our expectations. And I think the pipeline as it sits today now, it's big, it's robust and we're not going to add 100% against that pipeline. But if it falls at this does historically then we would see certain low single-digit possibly a little bit better as we head into 2019 with that business.
Brian Jellison: Yeah, we view this business is to be very consistent growers just very little of any cyclicality associated with them. So double-click for instance with Deltek I can certainly understand that concept that as government spending goes so is spending on the systems. But over history that's not the case because what happens to government contractors flow to where the money is and there's always money being spent. And so that's rising need for them to have the software to drive the compliance and the operations for instance. So we view these as consistent and not like a cyclical business is going forward.
Brian Jellison: Yeah. So the software businesses generally has EBITDA margins 40% plus and the toll and traffic as you know is lower than that. So right, as these businesses ago the earnings leverage 40% plus probably a little bit better than that.
Brian Jellison: That leveraged all traffic business so better leverage as we move more towards software and less cyclicality of course and a lot more recurring revenues and better growth.
Brian Jellison: There's pockets of that as we do in our reviews really over the course of the last several quarters not unique to this quarter. I think it goes again to the nimbleness of the supply chains of these businesses to the extent there is an issue. They're really sole-sourced supply because again we are not buying things in a massive scale so we can shift production are shift the supply chain where it's needed. But we have seen as I mentioned in some pocket some component shortages, electronic component shortages.
Brian Jellison: Sure. I appreciate the question. I view it to be very - I mean, the strategy is the same, the structure is the same. The way we deploy capital and the process rigor around that is the same. Stylistically, Brian and I certainly are different people with modestly different styles. I think both are - have been accepted by the organization. I think me having grown up here as a group executive in the trenches across the medical businesses and the application software businesses, as I sort of look to the next several years it's trying to bring a little bit of process - a little bit more process rigor about how we - the companies in the field develop strategy, how we get very focused on how to deploy that strategy and then also how the teams build the talent and build the talent offense within their teams. So it's less stylistically, but more having just grown up in the trenches here where Brian's always been the CEO from the day he started is maybe a little bit different perspective remains which I'll look through for the next few years.
