Rob Crisci: Thanks Neil, good morning, everyone. Turning to the next slide on the Q3 income statement metrics, go over some of the numbers for the quarter. Revenue was $1.358 billion, which was a 3% increase over prior year, organic plus 2%. That organic growth was led by our two segments that are primarily software -- our Application Software segment at plus 5% organic and our Network Software & Systems at plus 4% organic growth.  Margins, as Neil mentioned, were really spectacular, great execution by our business leadership teams across the enterprise. We had gross margin up 80 basis points to 64.6%, EBITDA margin up 90 basis points to 36.7%, the EBITDA for the quarter of $498 million, which was 5% growth. We benefited a little bit in the quarter as we looked down to the DEPS line from some favorable timing of perpetual license wins where we recognized I would say a few cents of earning in the quarter in Q3 that we had expected originally in Q4 around timing of those wins, primarily at Aderant and Deltek. And that gave us at the bottom-line DEPS of $3.29, which was well above our guidance range of $3.16 to $3.20.  Next slide.  Next slide our asset light business model, always one of our favorite slides. As many of you know, the big part of the Roper governance model is our focus on the balance sheet, working capital efficiency. As part of our annual review process we will be meeting with every business over the next couple of months as we look forward to the next three years. Of course, the number one focus on that is going to be around our long-term growth opportunities and strategic deployment for all the businesses and we will also spend some time focusing on do we have the right business model, are we doing a great job in terms of collecting our receivables and managing our working capital, so we can continue to compound our cash flow.  And if you look at the numbers on the slide, once again, great performance, negative working capital, minus 3.1% for the enterprise. Inventory 4.4%, down quite a bit over six years ago, receivables better than six years ago. And then of course, the big increase in deferred revenue as we've moved more and more towards high recurring revenue model across the enterprise and the deferred revenue of 13.5% is definitely excellent. We expect that number to only continue to rise moving forward.  Next slide. On to compounding cash flow. So again consistent strong cash flow conversion for the company. Operating cash flow of $404 million in the quarter represents 30% of revenue, free cash flow of $387 million representing 29% of revenue and a 78% conversion of free cash flow to EBITDA. If you look at our TTM free cash flow, very nice double-digit growth at 12% versus prior year. And if you look to the right to the bars we had a 15% CAGR on TTM free cash flow over the past few years. So again, consistent cash flow compounding at Roper, which we certainly expect to continue.  Next slide.  So turning to the next slide on our strong financial position. Soon after we were successful in the iPipeline process in August, we saw what was happening with the overall rate environment. And one of our principles around the balance sheet is to always be opportunistic if we can lock in what we view as good long-term rates. So we went ahead and were able to access the bond market in August, right before the summer slowdown. It was really an excellent job by the full Roper team and all of our advisors to get ready and hit the market and have a really successful outcome. So we were able to do a $1.2 billion bond offering, split between $500 million of five-year notes at 2.35% and $700 million of 10-year notes at 2.95%. At the time, I believe it was the lowest year-to-date coupon for any company at our rating levels. So really a great execution by the broader team.  Furthermore, the Gatan divestiture as Neil mentioned, we expect to close later this month, that will further enhance our ability to deploy capital. We ended the Q3 right around 3.0 times gross debt to EBITDA and then when we add in the expected $700 million or so proceeds from Gatan we will be well under 3 times. And as you know every month we generate a high level of cash that goes first and foremost to pay down our revolver when there is a balance. And so we always have ample of ability to deploy capital and we will end the quarter here in really a great position to continue deploying capital moving forward and taking advantage of our high quality pipeline of acquisition opportunities.  So with that, I'll turn it back over to Neil.
Rob Crisci: Yes, it was probably closer to $0.03, maybe $0.04. It's just timing those things come in at really 100% margin. And so what, go ahead, you can talk about the customers. 
Rob Crisci: Right. So, yes, the full year numbers are the numbers that were disclosed I think when the announcement was made. So, I mean, there is no update at all to that. 
Rob Crisci: Yes. So, our best estimate would be $45 million to $50 million of EBITDA would go away. That was in '19 obviously, wouldn't have in 2020. As Neil mentioned, it really is very consistent that their last quarter is their biggest quarter as I'm sure you know from covering us for a long period of time and actually November, December is 35% to 40% of our annual EBITDA typically. So, that's our best guess is sort of what numbers we'll get that we won't get next year. 
Neil Hunn: Yes, I mean, the situation for both Aderant and Deltek, these were larger -- on the larger side of transactions. They were pretty late stage in the pipeline as we're preparing our guidance for this coming quarter, but you never know on the timing of these larger deals. And so we'll tend to take a more conservative posture on the timing and they just came in a little bit earlier than we thought. 
Neil Hunn: I think there is -- if you Google congestion pricing you see almost every large U.S. city sort of thinking about it or talking about it or in some stage or in the legislation to begin. But that said, all eyes are watching this implementation, not just how TransCore does, but how the initiative works for the city. How the funding works? How it goes? So I think the funding here is going to underlie our support of $15 billion bond offerings which is part of a $50 billion capital plan for MTA. And so the whole picture is being watched, but we're certainly encouraged this could be a very long-term opportunity to do other cities for us. 
Neil Hunn: It's 100% going into backlog. In fact the majority of these wins came from competitive displacements of ultrasonic technology that was not working as well as our product does. And so it's in backlog, it was -- this is not a sort of a customer surprise per se. It was just a little bit of push out in terms of capacity on our side. But it's not -- it's all positive from our point of view. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. So, our experience with in this water industry, I don't think -- there's no sea change. It's sort of tectonically changing. It's slow and paced and conservative. That said, for many years. At least three or four that I can think going through the Neptune strategic plans. They have focused a number of resources on what they call network-as-a-service and then also the data that comes out of the water meter to be able to do more leak detection and more reporting to the customers on sort of their utilization patterns et cetera. So, it is certainly attractive. Neptune opened an R&D center and a software development center in the Atlanta market, the sort of how some of these resources. That said, it is a small part of Neptune today. I mean Neptune is the leader and will continue to be the leader both on the mechanical meters and emerging on the sort of static ultrasonic meters. And as you know, the technology that we place on top of the meter has been a long-term differentiated advantage for us as you don't have to touch the meter as the reading technology changes from sort of mobile to fixed. So, that's our views on there and happy to spend more time on that, if you like. 
Neil Hunn: I don't know if that's a trick question, but we -- the businesses that we have that are on the product side are great businesses. They've been in the portfolio for a long-time. They're amazing cast producers that enable sort of our -- meaningfully enable our capital deployment strategy. We talked in this quarter how the cost structures are positioned to be on a variable basis to best sort of let us sort of right up and down as the macro market rides them. And so they are in the portfolio. We like them in the portfolio and expect them to stay in the portfolio. 
Neil Hunn: Yes culturally it's great. Joe, who is the leader of that business has done a great job with the culture and sort of getting on the right growth sort of drivers and footing. We talked about a couple of times in the past. Well around the time we acquired the business, we were just on the back end of a sort of an industry-wide adoption of lease accounting software to which PowerPlan was one of many benefactors of. On the back side of that we had to -- had in our currently finishing retooling the go-to-market capability to go back to the old school way of identifying leads or working leads and closing leads. So, we saw a great momentum in that last quarter in terms of adds to the pipeline. We saw that continue this quarter, but more importantly the pipeline adds or added last quarter matured and got closer in the later stages of the sales funnel. So, they've done a really nice job retooling the go-to market. We feel good about the business as we head into next year. 
Neil Hunn: Alright. Hey, there's a lot in there. So, I'll try to sort of take it one by one. So, it's hard for us to make out a comprehensive or broad-based sort of statement across the many SaaS businesses that we have or businesses that are selling their products on a subscription basis around the cross-selling up-selling, but it is -- that said for each one, it is a very meaningful part of their strategy, right, where just take the most recent one iPipeline. They've got gross retention in the high 90s and net retention like 110. So, a big part of their strategy is cross-selling and up-selling additional products to the existing customer base. As I'm sure you're aware, I mean the heaviest cost in a SaaS business is the cost to acquire a customer. And so then we want to see the solution sort of stack on top of that over a long period of time. So, we're certainly -- that is certainly the strategy of each one of our businesses. But if that's a generalized statement, it’s hard to give you a specific one because each business -- its deployment against that is unique to that business. Relative to your question on incentives, certainly not from a financial point of view, I mean there is a very compelling value proposition for a customer to migrate their implementation from on-premise to the cloud, not the least of which is the headaches of managing the technology, infrastructure moves to us, to the users of the software. Perhaps the largest benefit of the value proposition is, they get the benefit of all the new releases when the new releases are released, which oftentimes and almost most cases is not the case when it's hosted by the customer and the list goes on, but they are not financial incentives to sort of migrate to the cloud. And again maybe the final thing I would say is, this is -- there is no push from us to mandate X percent of revenue gets into the cloud by Y date. This is very much company by company and that company is being pulled by their customers to go into the cloud. And as a result, the businesses are at various stages of maturity. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. So, it’s -- the company we have most index -- commercial construction in the U.S. is our construct connect business. The principal business they are in is, is they have virtually every commercial development project in the U.S. They have visibility to that project in the planning phase from many years out when they were just doing the permittings to right before shovel goes in the ground. And so that set of leads if you will or projects becomes more and more valuable to the contractors as the economy gets weaker and weaker. And so it somewhat has a sort of a counter-cyclical sort of demand associated with that.  So, feel pretty good on the Deltek side with our recent acquisition, ComputerEase on the small end of the contractor side and sort of automating their businesses. Same thing when times get a little bit more tough than the customers look for more efficiencies in the software that we just bought sort of enables that. 
Neil Hunn: Yes. So, we gave each of the segments. I think if you add up all the segments for the fourth quarter, it's going to be pretty close to the Q3 organic, so in the 2% range. So, I think if you add that up for the full year, we're somewhere just north of 3%. 
Neil Hunn: Yes, it's just pretty simple, right. So, it's a little north of $500 million contract. About half of that is the design and implementation. The remaining half is six years worth of maintenance operations. It's consistent with TransCore's margin structure, which is a little bit below that of Roper on a consolidated basis. 
Neil Hunn: And project profile -- sorry the margin profile is pretty consistent across the totality of the period. 
Neil Hunn: Sure. There are -- the exact number I don't have on my fingertip. A dozen or so larger LNG projects that are in the feed sort of in the planning phase, late stage of planning phase across the globe and were specified and I think 11 of the 12 and still have an opportunity in the 12th. And so we're -- the long-term sort of projects positioning you see what you've commented on that for several quarters is quite good. 
Neil Hunn: As you know these projects take many years to unfold. And so we're talking about just the very long-term, the next several years of CCC based on these projects, very long lead time projects appears to be quite robust, don't want to get into the comments of specific growth rates of specific companies many years down the road. 
Neil Hunn: I wouldn't say it's been completely changed. I mean the balance -- the business is balanced between new projects and retrofits. One of the strategies of the business -- in fact it probably tilted more towards new and a little bit lesser towards the retrofits in the past several years and the leadership team there has worked really hard to position CCC with the various customer opportunities across the globe to do more of getting larger percentage of market share of the retrofit opportunities to get more back in balance. And so we can fully endorse the strategy and look forward to execution against it. 
