Brian Jellison: Well, in industrial, basically Roper Pump is almost exclusively oriented around upstream oil and gas. So, it’s not a huge business but it has a big, big drawback when you have change in tracking and it’s primarily U.S. business. So, if oil and gas component was down 30% in ‘15 from ‘14 and we expect it will be down another 30% in ‘16 ‘15, but it’s still fairly small number. So, it’s about $20 million revenue drag that we’re modeling into ‘16. None of the other businesses in Industrial Technology have anything to do with oil and gas. They’re instrument companies or over half is the Neptune and water meter business which is going to grow next year. So, it’s just that one isolated. And there is no midstream and downstream activity really in Industrial. When you get into Energy much, much bigger total dollars of what you are talking about, about 60% of the segment is oil and gas, but only some of it is upstream, primarily upstream portion or couple of very small businesses, Viatran and little bit of Amont [ph] and then quite a lot of Compressor Controls. So, Compressor Controls has been living off of a great project backlog. Their service work we expect could be a record this year in 2016, but we think their project work will drop really dramatically, it could drop $30 million to $40 million. And the midstream and downstream activity for the year has been really decent all the way along; the only drag has been the currency. But then in the fourth quarter, we didn’t get as much of a seasonal uptick in those downstream businesses as we normally do, so mostly testing businesses. So that bodes for slight deterioration, probably in ‘16. The rest of the Energy businesses, the 40% are really mostly test and measurement kind of businesses and then were up really sharply at Zetec. So that helps offset -- that’s we are saying 15% for Energy but it’s 30% for the upstream portion of Industrial.
Brian Jellison: It’s certainly going to be very solid growth in 2016. It’s about $10 million dividend [ph] each quarter for the Toronto project as it’s fell off. There is a little bit of revenue we are still getting out of Toronto for last minute adjustments but it’s not very meaningful. It’s just domestic growth in commercial water meters and new wins in projects. We are going to have some -- I mean we are having share gains that are really obvious to us when we look at the data and we are going to have further share gains in 2016 that we are confident of based on all of our contacts and with our bid process.
Brian Jellison: Well, if you talk of ourselves, I’ll tell you it’s massive pricing, but there is no pricing pressure. That’s not the issue at all, just pure -- the biggest component of course is currency, but then from a unit situation, it’s the project work at Compressor Controls this year. It’s really easy to detail that out. So, those numbers are pretty good. Last year, we actually said when we initiated guidance, we thought upstream would be down about 20%. You correctly challenged us about CapEx is down 30, might it not be down 30, and we said well it could be down more than 20, but we thought we had a particular arrangement around surface drilling, which is new technology, which has rapidly gained share and it was doing that at the time and we thought that would continue in the second quarter. But in the second quarter, they basically stopped all ordering and consumed all inventory they could and that hurt us a little bit. And then in the fourth quarter, we didn’t get any seasonal bounce -- well we did, but not as much as normally would. So, we’re very comfortable around guiding down 20 million on oil and gas, and industrial and around 50 million in energy. I think that’s quite correct. And then, there would still be a little bit more drag on a nominal number basis with currency, but it’s definitely not pricing. And the guys have been pretty correct, all year along except for that Q2 situation Roper Pump where our supply agreement got suspended for that quarter.
Brian Jellison: It’s certainly possible; we talk about it quite a lot. And there are a lot of different avenues for achieving that. It could be spun off as an independent entity where people would be able to make kind of one-for-one decision about whether they wanted to be in that space as an investor and it could be put together with another business and some kind of merger. Again, it’s not something we would likely sell, because the tax [indiscernible] sale is just pretty prohibitive. And the businesses are very good. I mean the oil and gas businesses, we put the whole thing together, and they have an EBITDA margin of 34%. And they don’t take a lot of assets; they are very, very cash accretive to our number. And for those people who like EPS, they give us terrific EPS, because there is no amortization. But you’re right. I mean it’s something we’re always going to look at. And certainly there have been more than one phone call in-bound about people who like to do something, but selling them is not the best thing for our investors, finding tax free alternative to that would be more attractive.
Brian Jellison: It’s a good question. Sorry, I have to dissect it. Remember that in the medical and software, we have a huge amount of recurring revenue, right? So, the recurring revenue, it’s not going to grow by a higher number. So, when we say mid to high single-digit that has to be something that takes a whole segment into consideration. So, the product portion in the new software sales have to be higher than that in order to get the whole segment up to mid single-digits. I don’t think that there is any -- certainly Sunquest in the second half of the year should have outsized growth to what it had throughout 2015 because we had the meaningful use improvement in ‘14 and the beginning of ‘15 that is a comparative drag and that will go away as ‘16 matures. I don’t think there is really any particular driver we -- in the medical software -- in the software businesses and RF component, there some drivers that have had escalating growth. I don’t know John, if you want to add anything.
Brian Jellison: Well, it is certainly true that there -- on things that are relatively large in potential acquisitions, maybe there will be less competition for those assets as the year unfolds, than there have been in the last three years. I noticed on some of the large things that we looked at, if they get bought back private equity, it isn’t one fund, it’s three guys going together. But debt staples were still out there. I mean we are looking at a deal Friday that has a six and half times debt staple. So, as long as debt staples are that high and we wouldn’t use it, the private equity is going to use that. They can put in four turns at EBITDA and you are still 10.5 times EBITDA. So, that kind of businesses that we acquire, they were public, they tend to trade at 25 times enterprise value to EBITDA or more. I know it’s hard for people to follow that because they’re looking at traditional multi-industry stuff but multiples are dramatically less. So, we are going to continue look at these things are with a great deal from an arbitrage perspective in a public market versus what we have to pay for them. And those tend to crowd out the lesser quality businesses where people pay eight, nine 10 times for something that’s worth 10. And we tend to pay 11 and 12 times for something that’s worth 25 and that’s really how we get all this out for performance, consistently over a long period time and that’s going to continue. Last year we did something that I wouldn’t have forecast which is we did six or seven deals to get the $2 billion; we would have rather done $1.5 billion deal and a $500 million deal. But the small deals were unbelievably compelling and they are all growing double digits. So, I think it was a good thing to do. We are still seeing a lot of those kind of opportunities. So, as the year unfolds, it will be a battle between sort of saving our powder for really large transaction and we’re going ahead and investing early on things that are somewhat modest. At the end of the day for our shareholders, the result is about the same. It’s just easier for us to do a large deal than five small deals. But it should be an easy year for us to deploy capital, very favorable.
Brian Jellison: Well, let’s maybe just for a second, if we have think about risk in general, if you look at transactions, because people were asking questions about when we buy some cheap stuff. So, the cheap stuff in industrial and there is all kinds of stuff and their public stocks are going to continue to deteriorate, and you could buy them. Hey, what’s wrong with those as they can get working get disintermediated from distribution channels. They can wind up with the premium model out of Google on some bizarre thing; they wind up with Amazon selling past their competition at low-price point. So all kinds of things that happen, they desperately need absorption. So if revenue falls off, there is nothing they can do without big restructuring charges. When we get to our space, it’s really around whether or not the people in the niche that we acquire have domain expertise, which is very hard for somebody to break into. And so, the entry barriers for their success are entirely different. So, the risk is that we continue to assess the quality of the management teams that we acquire well and we understand whether or not there are technologies that could leapfrog what they do. So that we spent most of our time around the people aspects of the business and then around big risks that those people don’t see that we would put kind of a different factor on. We tend to discount their forward growth projections, because we don’t pay for synergies or forward growth, we only pay for what we think the business is going to deliver at the time of the acquisition. And that really puts a huge dampening effect on the risk that we might otherwise have. And we’ve been kind of blessed to be fortunate in that arena. But I think our disciplines are such because we actually start with somebody’s balance sheet and then we start with what it takes to run the business. We don’t do like what a private equity people do, they’ll buy a software company and they’ll mandate an immediate 10% reduction. One of the private equity firms out there actually goes in and does a listing up the highest pay people and they whack off the highest paid people and put new college guys and big salary reductions. And then that kind of hideous serious activity doesn’t manifest itself in the business for four or five years. So, you have to understand what each private equity groups business model is when you’re looking at the assets they hold and you’re acquiring it and I think we knew that better than anybody.
Brian Jellison: Yes, I do think so. What we’re really seeing out of Verathon is a refresh. So, it’s not a completely new product category, which actually reduces the risk for us. These are really upgrades and extensions of their existing live scope like in 2015 in BladderScan and 2016. So those are kind of a couple of year adoption rates that go on there. Northern Digital doesn’t have to get up to double-digits; they just have to continue double-digit growth. They’ve been growing at double-digits here for couple of years, as they’re really the leader in both the optical tracking as well as the electromagnetic tracking for computer assisted surgery applications. And those continue to just expand. Those applications just expand. And whenever there is new that an OEM customer wants to design, they always come back in Northern Digital because they’re the world leaders in that technology.
Brian Jellison: No, no. Let’s go back and think about with -- reason I said some time ago that the Sunquest and question MHA acquisitions were more transformational than the Neptune and TransCore transformations were. Because at Neptune we paid four times EBITDA of the enterprise in December of 2003 to acquire Neptune at what somebody probably thought was a high price for $500 million. The next year in 2004, we just paid about four times again the trailing revenue of the firm, 3.5 or something, for TransCore, 600 million. Well, neither one of those businesses have lend themselves to adding exciting bolt-on activities to them or giving new domain experience in an area that was easily widened. When you acquire a leading laboratory software provider in a world that’s going to have more and more laboratory instrument usage and will move to genomics in the immediate future, you have big upside ramp. When you have MHA with senior living and nursing homes and all the things around non-acute hospitalization shifts and demography, these things just give you all kinds of opportunity. Well good heavens, we have acquired now SoftWriters for MHA which is growing at double-digits, so it’s a terrific acquisition. We’ve been able to acquire CliniSys which we connect really with Sunquest. We acquired Data Innovations which is phenomenal company that guides all the instrumentation in the hospital into various systems and yet it’s part of Sunquest. So, that’s why we can look at these things which are somewhat synergistic at least in the marketplace or in the information technology side of them that we couldn’t do with the industrial and energy businesses.
John Humphrey: Yes. Shannon, Toronto project really completed substantially in the first quarter of 2015. So, it’s still kind of in that $10 million comp range in the fourth quarter against the fourth of ‘14 and it will have a little bit of a headwind in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis. But then after that it’s going to be more normalized. So it’s not an acceleration that we’re looking for; it’s really some headwinds that start to go away.
John Humphrey: And it was 0.97 for industrial. So on the industrial side that 0.97 is the kind of typical for a fourth quarter, but it’s definitely wider. So you asked about visibility also. So for the products businesses, particularly around upstream and even on the mid – downstream, those are generally going to be book and ship inside of a relatively short window, two months or so. Where we do have better visibility and where we’re talking more about this is on the Compressor Controls, right because it’s more of a project business and that’s where we saw an order shortfall in the fourth quarter leading to that 0.9 book-to-bill area, and why we’re expecting that to be a tough year for the project based business, because we have good visibility in that area.
John Humphrey: It’s a whole lot more of what we know and what we hope. We don’t really have very many businesses, only one or two that have any tide at something that’s kind of a larger macro in the markets. The markets that we serve are so niche. They end up being more driven by our activity around new products or new software releases rather than hope for some macroeconomic recovery. We are not really expecting any of that; that’s not something that we try to forecast. It really doesn’t drive many of our businesses. But it’s not as simple as orders in hand because we really don’t have orders in hand for products or for activity that’s going to jump in the third quarter or fourth quarter. So, we’re not a projects type of E&C business like that. But it’s really around things that we know that we’re going to able to introduce to the niche markets that we serve and again new products growth in those areas.
John Humphrey: The bid ask spread is wide, it’s always wide. We were able to deploy $1.8 billion last year and we’ve already got a quarter of $1 billion done now. So, we don’t anticipate any difficulty at all. I do think that the notes out today are interesting. So, there weren’t any IPOs in January. So, if you were a seller of private equity, you might continue to say whatever you think somebody is going to listen to. But the reality is their debt costs are going up and their active strategies are diminishing. We remain the best mid market acquirer of assets on the face of the earth. So, we are not going to have any difficulty in finding high quality businesses at rational prices.
John Humphrey: What we always look at is the cash return we can get out of an investment. And so what happens is it’s hugely difficult for an industrial asset to have the kind of cash returns that we are going to demand. But whenever we see them, we are willing to make investments in those. We bought a pure product company in RF Ideas this year which is just a world class business with terrific leadership, very high margins, relatively light assets but they are certainly making stuff and they are selling stuff. So, it depends on the quality of what it is we see. But we would never buy something at a public market deep discount. Let’s say some energy business dropped 30%, we wouldn’t buy something because it dropped 30%; we would only buy something because its forward cash returns were extremely attractive. And as generally as a rule, people overpay for low quality assets under the theory that they are going to find some way to make it better. So, we’ll leave the buying of distressed assets to others. We want to buy businesses that have consistent growth and recurring revenue and light assets models. And we haven’t seen any other than RF Ideas. We haven’t seen anything in the last two years in the Industrial segment that qualifies for that.
John Humphrey: No, I don’t think so. So, I think it really will be. We expect ‘16 to be led by more higher V [ph] on the medical product side with some continued new product introductions; we introduced some things at Verathon in the latter part of ‘15 so those start to really ramp up. We have other new products that are being introduced to the market as well, as well as continued growth around some image-guided surgery applications that Northern Digital continues to just perform phenomenally well on. And then as Brain mentioned, in the software and services side that’s kind of a mid-single digit grower anyway because of the huge amount of recurring revenue. And that’s what we expect in the latter part of ‘16. We are not expecting a whole lot of recovery at all in the imaging world. I think that’s expected to be flat to maybe up a little bit.
John Humphrey: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us. I know there were a couple of folks on line for follow up questions; we will get back to you as soon as we can. Otherwise, we’ll look forward to talking t everyone in three months, at the end of the first quarter.
