Brian Jellison: You know, Matt, we’re probably indifferent to that, although it’s probably a little bit better for us on the oil side than on the gas side. We have products that are used on both of those applications, and as Roper Pump in particular, they’ve continued to expand their new products and in fact have worked with our Dynisco business on some polymer technology for one of their power sections, which allows that to be utilized in downhole oil applications as well as what they’d been doing previously for gas applications.  So we’re largely indifferent to that, but also remember an awful lot of this is about building the base and expanding into some channels that we hadn’t been in before, so it’s not only the growth in the drilling activity overall but also some good channel development that those guys have done.
Brian Jellison: Well, generally what happens with us is while we do OEM to certain very well-known manufacturers, most of our business is aftermarket business so we get a whole lot of several year out from new CAPEX activity where people want to see us deploy better technology for their controls than perhaps they had in the original purchase. It’s just a phenomenon that’s not unusual, so people who are looking for productivity or more throughput or less consumption of the gas in the pipeline frequently are going to choose us. That business, we’ve really become quite effective in distribution channels around the world and are sort of growing in China as well, so we really have—anybody who wants to have LNG operations that are as efficient as possible in getting the least consumption of gas inside their gas turbines is likely to look to us as a solution provider. That reputation just continues to build, so from an aftermarket perspective, the projects that we get a bid on—I mean, it would be not the least bit unusual for us to have six months of backlog at Compressor Control and known service work that’s going to fill things up.  In fact, we completely redesigned our Des Moines headquarters last year, created a much, much more engineering-oriented facility that gives people an opportunity to work in teams in a very different way. It’s certainly among our most exciting businesses we’ve got, just world-class human resources in that business. We’re at the early phases of our growth, frankly; and good heavens, if we got to exporting gas and LNG, it would be phenomenal what will happen to our business in that area.
Brian Jellison: No, no. These are not substitution products at all. These are entirely new products, but we’ve had an ongoing ramp-up on certain kinds of positioning devices for MRI technology, we’ve got new products in Verathon around GlideScope. We have this Heartscape product that we’ve launched in Europe that we haven’t brought into the U.S. at all yet. We have a product called AortaScan that is a phenomenal product. All these things are just ramping up – in fact, we have an international sales meeting starting Sunday night with the Verathon people for three days to try to gear it up. We had a similar situation last week with our CIVCO people around growth opportunities outside the U.S., so we’re quite comfortable with that. And really, any—this organic stuff in Q4 has really not affected medical much in any way. Medical is still performing very well. We expect it will continue to do that. This is really much more about a business that we have stuck inside scientific and imaging because it just doesn’t fit anywhere, and that business had a really strong Q4 last year which is quite unusual, and it had its more normalized weak results in the fourth quarter of this year. So that’s—rugged mobile has for a long time been not a typical Roper business in terms of performance, but we’ve got a lot of energy in that business and people are hopeful for a much brighter 2012.
Brian Jellison: Yeah, well not below 1, Deane. I think what we’ve said is from 0.97 to 1.03 is kind of a band that we would have, and routinely—oh, I don’t know what percentage, a very high percentage of the time we’re between 0.97 and 1.03. But we had some unusual situations in Q4 last year – the large Mexico City project that we revealed to people in industrial in fourth quarter from an order perspective, and then obviously wouldn’t repeat in the fourth quarter this year. So that alone explains most of the book-to-bill in industrial. And then RF is a lumpy situation – book-to-bill in RF was weak at, like, 0.9 or something like that. We’re not really worried about that. We have huge backlog in RF and the non-toll project activity is quite robust going into 2012, so it’s not much of a factor. If we had a poor book-to-bill in the first quarter, then we’d be talking more about that; but we wouldn’t have established organic guidance at 5, 8% or more if we were really worried about the book-to-bill. But it’s a fair thing to point out because normally we would expect it to not be worse than 0.97. This time, it was 0.94; but there were these three unusual events with cameras and rugged mobile and Mexico that aren’t really core to the overall nature of activity. So the rest of it was much more in our wheelhouse.
Brian Jellison: Well, we have kind of three different sales forces that are available to us, so at the low end you have the overnight delivery people with consumables and telephony-driven responses with hospitals around the world, and that—we’re extremely competent in that area with the right call centers, right SKU sorting, almost a mini-distributor function. Then we have the technical cell around radiation oncology, which is a unique specific trait calling on a very small niche in the hospital and has to really be joined at the hip with major OEM manufacturers that are involved in that equipment. And then we have the third sales force, which is the Verathon sales force, which is more generic; but they’re selling products that are in the thousands of dollars, not the hundreds of thousands of dollars, not really CAPEX for the most part. Those people have very specific people they call on. It’s organized into an acute care activity and a private practice activity. It’s easy for them to add things in those two areas. Increasingly, we’re investing outside the U.S. in channel presence, and that’s doing really well. So it is certainly possible that we can do a bolt-on acquisition and take advantage of our existing sales force in that area; but we look at a lot of things in medical, and I’d have to say a number of the things that we look at are in software in medical, and we find those to be exceptionally exciting.
Brian Jellison: Well, you never know. You just—you never know. I mean, we’re sitting here with a lot of capacity, which is matched by a lot of patience. So our goal is to buy things at the right price, at the right time, and have the right people in place to monitor them. One of the things we did last year, which was very important strategically, is add two new very senior resources. We brought Neil Hunn in to focus on medical activity. Neil’s an M&A pro, former CFO of a publicly-traded company running a revenue business in medical, just a world-class guy. But we wanted to marry him up with a world-class software guy. We brought Joe Bergera in, who has worked for Wolters Kluwer and Sage for his career. Joe’s a domain expert around architecture, platforms and software, and trying to get our software to leaders, more capable, doing more bolt-ons and activities. So we have dramatically enhanced our internal capability to assimilate both software and medical companies, which we really needed to do. I think the rest of us here in Sarasota were only interested in doing transactions that brought world-class management teams and didn’t take too much more of our time, so now that we’ve really beefed up our capability in this area, we have a lot more firepower intellectually than we did in the past. Fortunately, that matches our balance sheet.
Brian Jellison: Well, no, it will be both. If there was sort of one core in Roper that unifies the enterprise, it would be algorithms. Every one of our businesses almost is dependent on some kind of algorithmic technology and feedback mechanism for people for data, and so that’s almost always the core of something. But our recent acquisitions, many of them have been pure software plays. Certainly iTrade and CBORD and Horizon back in ’04, or freight matching which was a core portion of what we wanted to acquire when we did the TransCore transaction, and of course it’s now split off into a separate company. We acquired another company called Getloaded, pure software. They have a link up in Canada, pure software. Certainly a lot of the acquisitions that we’re moving through the pipeline now are software-driven things. You know, I think every once in a while we’ll look at an equipment business, but for the most part the software businesses or the digitization of analog businesses, as you pointed out, are more attractive in terms of a shareholder return on a cash-on-cash basis. Our--Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Oh, absolutely. But—go ahead.
Brian Jellison: No, that’s true. We’re not—it’s not like Rockwell Automation or something, no. We’re not doing software for other people’s products. When we’re saying software, we’re doing software for other people who manage the cash in their channel; so if you look at what CBORD does, it’s software that’s managing campus activity and monetizing activity, and showing people what the flow looks like. When you’re looking at Horizon, it’s pure software, no products, providing cash register support mechanisms and telling people about the supply chain. When you look at freight matching, it’s pure software subscription model where thousands and thousands of people are looking every minute about available freight movement. When you look at iTrade, you’re looking at people sorting through supply chains so that vendors can sell to supermarkets. We like networks, as such, and we continue to look at software companies that provide niche networks to people.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Okay, thank you. Second question is this – EPS last year for the year as a whole was up 29.9%, and that was well above your average rate; and of course, you also had some headwinds like higher tax rate and so on. But guidance for this year is only 9.9%, less than 10% above 2011. Actually, it’s a little bit higher than the consensus, which was looking for a 9.5% increase, so it’s not a big surprise. But one of the reasons could be that you didn’t make very many big acquisitions last year, so you have to depend more on the organic growth this year; but also are there any big headwinds that you’re—could you just go over the things that made last year above average and might be responsible for making this year below average in terms of EPS growth? Because I think investors are kind of looking for a continuation of the long-term trend, which is about 20%.
Brian Jellison: Well yeah, you know, the long-term trend certainly includes acquisitions; our guidance doesn’t, so it’s that simple. So if you’re looking at—Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: But you’re going to make very many—
Brian Jellison: Well, you had record performance last year. You’re looking at lousy GDP around the world. You’re looking at people who are terrified about a whole variety of end markets. Our organic growth in the fourth quarter, I think is best in class. Our projection around organic growth for 2012, I haven’t seen anybody projecting 8% or more; so if we were simply at the high end of our organic growth and we captured the kind of leverage we expect to capture, we have more like 13% diluted earnings per share year-over-year variance, Alex, and that’s without acquisitions. So I don’t think we’re going through the year without acquisitions. So if you said can you get several points out of earnings related to acquisitions, the answer is yes. So yeah, I don’t think it’s—to go back over all those things that were favorable, we kind of—we’re doing that in the slides. If you look at our statements going into ’12, we aren’t really describing any deterioration. All you’re doing is having a slower rate of organic growth based on an abysmal global GDP forecast and fears people have in Europe, so we’re hoping not to participate in those negatives.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management : Yeah, thank you. If you average the two years, it’s right in line with your historic. Okay, thanks very much.
Brian Jellison: Hey, I think we’re still expecting double-digit growth out of energy and industrial in terms of organic growth in 2012, and then the bottom end of the range on medical and imaging and only modest growth out of RF because of the tolling activity, which is a big piece of that, with other stuff growing. We’ve got a few things that affect us there in RF because we have that headwind around the Gaz de France project, so you take out 30 million or whatever it is out of that, it’s a big chunk that you have to beat up. And so we actually—if you were adjusting for that, we’d have growth even there. So—and it’s our first guess out of the box, right, that 5 to 8. So clearly the industrial and energy segment will drive, but particularly energy is going to drive outperformance in 2012.
Brian Jellison: I don’t know, Terry. It’s hard to say. I mean, we’re expecting maybe 6 to 8% organic growth inside our guidance for the quarter with $1.01, $1.05 with really strong leverage. Whether it could be better than that, it’s hard to say. I think we were impressed as we went through our year-end reviews with people that if you didn’t have all the headline news and you didn’t have the political environment and the conversations that are going on, our people would be probably be forecasting better results because they’re seeing really excellent results. They’re not seeing a big fall-off in anything, but it tends to make everybody conservative.
Brian Jellison: Hm, no, I don’t think—I wouldn’t say month-to-month was a big difference. I think the thing that we would have liked to have seen a little more year-end buying than we got in the fourth quarter that’s just residual MRO activity – people have money left in their budgets – and particularly in energy, it’s not at all unusual for us to get disproportionate mid-Q4 orders for instruments because it’s just something people can do when they don’t want to lose their budget. I think their activity throughout the year was so strong that they didn’t have that leftover money, and so we didn’t see that dynamic that we frequently see. But I don’t think it has anything to do with Q1 demand or 2012 demand. I think it’s just that it was so strong all year long that people didn’t wait to buy things.
Brian Jellison: Well, in the segment in medical and imaging, we have our very high end optics and imaging business that had a record year that didn’t ship everything in Q4 that we would like to have seen, for a variety of reasons that I think we expected to have a banner 2012. But it was more the unusual comp situation where we had basically laboratory camera technology that was going into Asia that was a one-off thing that couldn’t be repeated, and then just frankly, without mentioning the company, the video conferencing business for that enterprise went down dramatically. They’ve talked about it in their own company, and it pulled down us, which makes for an easy comp for 2012 for us, frankly.
Brian Jellison: You know, I have a feeling that when that was scheduled that they perhaps missed the significance of the day, Chris. And the amazing thing is it’s not in Indianapolis. It’s actually in the northeast, so it will be quite interesting.
Brian Jellison: Well certainly Neptune ex-Toronto is better than we expected, and maybe John wants to provide a little color on that.
Brian Jellison: Absolutely. I think that we have one large turnkey operation that’s going more slowly than we’d like and more customer-driven, so we’d like to see the pace of that pick up where more people are required to go online there. But there’s not—it’s kind of their pace. There’s not much we can do about that. But we’re certainly looking forward to an even better 2012 in iTrade than we had in 2011.Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Okay, okay. Very good. Thank you.
John Humphrey: Well, I mean, the derived demand for that business is really anyone who is utilizing or looking to understand their material contents better; and so as one can imagine, that does include one who is making steel or aluminum or other types of really hard surface materials. So there is obviously some impact from automotive production and for the supply chain, even though we don’t really sell very much to any of the automotive companies, or even the Tier 1 automotive suppliers directly. We have some sales there, but that’s not the primary end market. But clearly the fact that automotive production has come back in 2011 and is expected to grow again in 2012, I think is adding some benefit for our material test business.
John Humphrey: On an annual basis, the answer is yes. For the quarter itself, I mean, Neptune continued to do very well; and remember, we are ramping up with the Toronto project, which did give us some additional revenue in the fourth quarter, and that will continue into 2012 and ’13 and ’14.
John Humphrey: Yeah, as far as some of the other units you were asking about there, Chris, Neptune continued to do extremely well during the year, and they’ll get continued benefit out of Toronto; but even excluding Toronto, they were up kind of in the mid-single digits in 2011 in the U.S., which I don’t think most people looking at the municipal market would have expected something like that. So I think Neptune did a very nice job there, and then of course with the high degree of recurring revenue that comes out of our TransCore toll and traffic business, that is a business that will naturally kind of be in the mid-single digits also, and that’s kind of what it did in 2011. And then variation that we see in that business is largely due to the timing of tag shipments, based upon when customers are going to replenish their inventory. They’ve done a nice job outside the U.S., our toll and traffic business has, with the expansion of electronic tolling opportunities in Puerto Rico, and continuing with the largest tolling project in the world in Dubai. So we have a nice global footprint there and a large installed base that gives us a lot of visibility and good recurring revenue.
John Humphrey: Yeah, I think that’s right; and also of course, Toronto ramps up in 2012. And far as the toll and traffic business, I mean, as Brian said, to the extent that we’re at the 5 to 8% for the enterprise, we’d expect that to be at the lower side but with good margin performance.
John Humphrey: Okay. Thank you, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you after the end of our first quarter. 
