John Humphrey: Sure. Thanks, Brian. So, I’ll just talk a little bit more about kind of what Sunquest is and what it’s able to provide for its customers. Those are the global market leaders for providing the underlying software and information solution for laboratories and hospitals and large academic medical centers, with a headquarter in Tucson, Arizona, locations both in the UK and a development center in Bangalore. They have a global footprint that allows them to serve that customer base, really, their customer base are those folks who – for whom the effectiveness and efficiency of the lab is of critical importance. The lab ends up with in many cases hundreds of thousands of tests being done each month to support the diagnostic decisions that are made in a hospital. And they rely upon the Sunquest information and the quality and safety associated with that to help drive those decisions. The comprehensive solutions is about improving the productivity with workflow automation tools, you see on the right hand side both the Sunquest laboratory 7.0 and the CoPath solution. Both of those are about workflow automation to make sure that the right test is done on the right patient at the right time, leading to the right diagnosis. So, those things also reach beyond just the lab and also go out to the collection manager, which is one of the modules that Sunquest has. So, that nurse has a point of collection tool that integrates back with the lab, so you have full connectivity between both of those parts of the hospital. The very large customer base, very high retention rates, over 98% retention each year, continue to utilize and depend upon the software set of solutions and fully supported by a 30-year history. And these are very long-term relationships, relationships that are supported by the decades of application expertise. The Sunquest has developed about what the hospital lab needs and their unique set of needs that Sunquest is going to be able to meet. And as Brian talked about, it is a proven team, it’s a great culture everything that we’ve learned during the diligence process continues to support the fact that their culture of excellence of execution is really phenomenal and I think they’re going to be a great addition to the team. And I think the company is very well-positioned to capture the growth opportunities that they’ve identified over the coming years. So, with that I’ll turn it back to Brian to talk a little bit about guidance and summary for the quarter.
John Humphrey: That is a – Matt, this is John. That’s a non-GAAP number. So, as you are probably aware like an awful lot of software companies, Sunquest has deferred revenue for the annual maintenance. They get paid in advance for that.
John Humphrey: And the accounting rules upon acquisition will require us to take a write-down of that. So, to basically move that deferred revenue to fair value and then over the next 12 months as those renewals happen, that deferred revenue will get built back up. So, the $0.12 to $0.14 is a non-GAAP number. And as we are able to estimate exactly what that deferred revenue fair value adjustment is, then we’ll be able to provide that for you. We will be able to do that until after we closed the business, but we’ll be providing that insight each quarter. So, you are able to reconcile between the GAAP numbers and then the non-GAAP numbers that we think provide better visibility in understanding the operations of the company.
John Humphrey: One thing to remember on that Matt is that does include the headwind associated with Gaz de France, so that’s got $5 million, but even once you take that out, we saw a decline in Europe that was definitely mid-single digits.
John Humphrey: So, the short answer is nothing on the license fees and the maintenance contracts and the differed revenue are two slightly different things. So, the maintenance agreements range anywhere from one-year, three-year, five-year, some of them even seven-year agreements because of course the customer would like to make sure that they have kind of the long-term commitment with Sunquest. And Sunquest might have in the long-term contracts so, but they don’t pay for all seven years or all five years upfront. So it’s a one-year payment and that’s what goes into the differed revenue so, we would expect to see that differed revenue build backup after the fair value adjustment after 12 months to be back to the normal steady state.
John Humphrey: Yeah, we do. It’s basically the same as what we have now on a drawn basis, the jump was 125, the facility fee is 15 basis points so, the un-drawn portion is 15 bps.
John Humphrey: And just to put a little more color on that Chris, for instance the win in Harris County is not a conversion from a non-tolled to a tolled lane or a new road is being constructed. It’s really an upgrade of the technology and so it’s a technology insertion and maintenance for the equipment that’s already on those roads. So, it’s really just building out our maintenance and support capabilities with the team that we have rather than net new if you will.
John Humphrey: We just – the SG&A, it is drive revenue growth. And so when you are largely selling direct and you got the best technologies than anybody and you’ve got solid gross margins, you get the leverage on incremental revenue. So, we got some incremental revenue, we get the leverage.Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Okay, thank you.
John Humphrey: Well I mean since the EBITDA excludes the effect of amortization, I don’t think it really impacts that. Having said that the accretion number for the back half this year, the $0.12 to $0.14 that we expect, that does include the new amortization that we are estimating that we will absorb and then start to record post acquisition. So, on the EPS side, it definitely does include that of course always with the caveat it does not include the impact of the deferred revenue, fair value accounting treatment.
John Humphrey: Sure Alex and you are correct it’s not the same one. The Hextra business of the Harris County is the one that we talked about. What you’re referring to is the TxDOT, which operates a different set of toll lanes across the State of Texas. Anyway, I’ll be providing them with software and maintenance activity. More of a – it’s an indefinite quantity, indefinite timing, so it’s in IDIQ type of contract. And so it doesn’t have the same immediate booking that the more definite execution for the Harris County does. So we expect the Texas contract to – sorry the TxDOT contract to add maybe $30 million over the next three years, but at a timing that may be a little bit lumpy as they decide on when to update and when to update their specific lanes.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Okay.
John Humphrey: Thank you and thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you after we complete our third quarter.
Brian Jellison: Okay. So, after we get that title sheet on guidance, we’ll move to the guidance slide. We’ve raised our full-year guidance to $4.84 to $5 that reflects about a $0.04 reduction due to currency. We had started out at $4.75 to $4.91, you might remember. $0.04 comes off the bottom here, $0.0471 or $0.05 off the top here for 86 and we’re adding back $0.12 to $0.14 on a GAAP accretion for Sunquest excluding any of the deal cost. And then in addition of course we’ve got other things that we’re absorbing and other things that are good. So $4.84 to $5 on full-year guidance, the quarter comes in at $1.19 to $1.25 in the third quarter. Most importantly really is that we now expect our full-year operating cash flow to be approximately $700 million. And just a couple of footnotes you’ll notice there, the acquisition of Sunquest, we expect to close at the end of August will have the HSR filing and since there is no competitive issues, it should move along quickly. We have some deferred revenue that’s unusual in Sunquest, similar to some other businesses when you acquire them there are some GAAP issues around that. And so we’ll have to kind of reveal that huge quarter as we report out. And this does exclude whatever cost we will have that will be registered in the third quarter that would be related to the acquisition and removal of the remaining amortization and the old revolver. Next slide, so looking at the summary of the second quarter, we go back to the top point being that it’s again an all-time record for any second quarter in our history, highest level of orders, revenue backlog, net earnings and EBITDA. Organic order growth at 7% was really a pleasant benefit for the quarter, the operating margins at 24.7%, the EBITDA, 29.5%, and gross margins at 54.9%, really terrific. Leverage is kind of breathtaking at 59%. We used to talk about 30% to 35% of leverage and it’s hard to see how our leverage isn’t going to be above 40% for a long time. Doing a new revolver, big help, $1.5 billion as the older revolver was put in place in July of 2008 and would have the deal replaced in July of 2013. So, this removes any refinancing risk around that for next year. It gives us twice as much capacity to write checks against as we had previously and $1.5 billion is pretty sizable revolver for Roper. That was completed last Friday, a timely completion we might add relative to the deal closing on Saturday. Sunquest, just an exceptional financial profile, higher gross margins than we have twice the EBITDA margins. Terrific that you couldn’t find a business that’s sort of marry what we’re doing in software and what we’re doing in Medical that would benefit both so much as Sunquest. It’s got a great development people. Our software people spent last week in Bangalore, visiting and talking with people. We’ve done tremendous diligence around the robustness of the software platforms in place for Sunquest and how they can be used. All of this then creates an opportunity for us to be positioned again in 2012 for an all-time record year. $700 million in operating cash flow and perhaps most importantly that a transformation process that we’re doing here continues as we get more and more technology. You think about where we are now, we’ve continued this. We’ve more technology content, we have higher margins, higher cash returns, more recurring revenue and it’s just a much different company than what you’d looked at 2002. And in the next five years, we added Neptune and TransCore. And then if you look at 2007 and you look at the forward five years here till 2012 you’ve picked up Seaboard and Horizon and I-Trade, and Technolog and now Sunquest. So, the technology content gets better margins, get better cash return, gets better and available forward acquisition power for growth will be better than it ever has been in the past. And with that, I think we’re ready for questions.
Brian Jellison: I think really the quarter from our organic – we wouldn’t have given ourselves so much of a shot that had been 7% organic. Orders in the quarter that was a pleasant surprise, but we got really strong activity that we knew we’d eventually come in the year wouldn’t have necessarily seen in the quarter, so that helped. I think we entered the quarter with more concern and turned out to be justified. So, those any like early indicators of things that would make us nervous, that would be in energy or industrial, we really haven’t seen that. There is just a little bit of activity mostly in petrochem and oil and gas that we are going to do some very modest internal retrenchment all in, but on balance, it’s pretty good. We never really talk about a quarter in which we’re in, but I would say, things remain pretty decent. We’re going to expect organic growth that actually kind of picked up in the second quarter and we would expect it to continue to be mid-single digits really for the rest of the year. So, it’s really kind of better than we expect, because there is more European headwinds than we would have originally forecast.
Brian Jellison: It was down 18% for us in total, about a half of that is just due to currency though, so maybe 8% or 9% on an organic basis.
Brian Jellison: Well, I think we don’t want to tip off other people to things that we think are available to us, but it would be safe to say that we think that they can continue to grow share at the expense of other people. We think people have been paying a lot of attention to electronic health records and companies that are in the EHR space. Here again, we picked out a niche that we think is unrelated to that activity. And this niche has got an opportunity, very high return for people investing in this in the hospital space and in the clinic space and in private care space. Basically the lab work is critical to every aspects of people, diagnosing folks and it happens at a variety of different places. We think we have the pre-eminent technology to do that. And we think we can make people more productive and more efficient in what they do when they do it. It has been hard, I think the last couple of years to get the attention, hospitals that have had these mandates to do a variety of thing around health records, now they get a chance to make an investment and things like this business that will give them an actual return. So, we think it’s got pretty exciting growth. And these guys they brought in a new sales executive women in who we have great confidence in that we think it’s going to drive better focus on organic growth, it’s been a very high cash contributor. And it’s same old situation, private equity has done in this case of a really amazing job with this business versus what they acquired in ‘07, but it can grow one and it has – it does have opportunities for share gain and expansion around the world. I mean this business it doesn't do much in certain portions as the world and we do a lot in other portions of the world that they do. It’s also got an incredible development team in Bangalore and that's very, very bullish for us.
Brian Jellison: Oh, I think it ought to – it will grow its cash and EBITDA double-digits. Revenue, just kind of year forward revenue is probably go to work by 10%. We would think over time that it grows revenue, remember it’s got this massive recurring business right. So, in fact new business won’t look like a high number. So, if you have got couple of hundred million of constant business, it could grow its net new business by 20% and it wouldn’t look like a big number on the core business, right. So, it’s not like looking at a cyclical company that’s up and down and looking at various trends. This is just as it starts with its Q4 and then each quarter it gets better all the time.
Brian Jellison: We have a big advantage today versus when we first took on iTrade in that we have recently hired a Chief Architect for our technology businesses. He is working in our software arena. We also have a software executive full time that’s looking over a various software companies. And we have a medical executive which we didn’t have before looking over the medial scenarios. So, between the two new executives, someone that’s a domain expert in medical and one that’s a domain expert in software and the architectural person, the quality of our diligence that we’re able to do on our own was a dramatic improvement. We have a much deeper understanding about source code and the ways in which development programs need to be done and measured. And we’ve got a deeper understanding about cost structures around development activity. And all those things were good. I think we’ve also come to recognize that slightly lower organic growth rates in the software businesses really aren’t a problem because of the recurring revenue that they have inside them and the quality of the cash that they generate. I mean to look at a company I think most people would look at us and say this is best-of-breed EBITDA margins and yet here we’re acquiring one that has twice the margins that we enjoy. So, they were fundamentally different and our executive leadership capability around them is better than ever.
Brian Jellison: Notably so. Just to remember on the growth profile that you want to be careful on the revenue growth profile, you are going to have that massive baseline, so it’s just the net new that grows, right. So, we will have a double-digit organic growth on the non-recurring revenue side and we will have double-digit EBITDA growth.
Brian Jellison: I would say that it’s probably only one you might have missed is that the camera business is specifically that are serving the academic research markets probably a little bit worse than even what we had handicapped three months ago. So seeing them down kind of in the high-teens in the second quarter and frankly not a lot of encouraging signs in there in the market as we look forward to the third quarter, probably a little bit of incremental headwind. But once again offset by some of the pluses that we have seen in RF and some of the better margin performance.
Brian Jellison: Well, you are happy to find new era. So, it’s the one big area that’s alive and well for those activities. There are a lot of initiatives. There are a number of things that’ll come out for bid. I think the longer we go with people learning more and more about our United Toll Systems technology, the more and more people recognize that it is dramatically superior to what other people have done for a long period of time including ourselves. So, the lead time for getting agencies to understand and see and test and kick tires around that is kind of long. But in terms of long-term growth vehicle, nobody’s got a better mouse trap than us and I don’t think anybody is going to get one. So, we like the long-term nature of the business and we certainly like the second quarter and we think the rest of the year will be fine.
Brian Jellison: Well, if that happens it’ll be great. I mean getting 700,000 housing starts is better than 400,000. It’s not as good against getting a million for. So, we’re hopeful and I wouldn’t say much if anything is baked into our guidance around stronger housing start thing. But if it happens, that will definitely – we would think that certainly benefit us in 2013.
Brian Jellison: I think that’s – I wouldn’t do that if I were in your shoes, I’ll put it that way. I mean we have…Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird:  Which is up in my shoes, so that’s not a good assumption.
Brian Jellison: It just validates the strength of our technology. I think people just – I’m not sure by understand the strength of our technology compared to others and increasingly they are going to learn thatAlex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Okay. Thank you very much and congratulations on the Sunquest.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: So couple of follow-ups there, in terms of thinking about accretion for 2013, any reason not to on a non-GAAP basis as you are presenting it here, $0.13 for four months, 10% plus revenue growth profile, anything outside the scope of that as we annualize those numbers that we ought to be aware off.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then in terms of the changes in the outlook for 2012 on the base business, Brian, you had called out that there were some minuses offset by some pluses and all that kind of rounded to where you were before. But I’m wondering if you can just kind of go through the list here on both the plus and the minus side, you have been very clear on the energy piece with the petrochem and oil and gas component. The RF margins look a little stronger, perhaps that’s a plus up the industrial margins, perhaps that’s a plus up the RF Europe. On the technology side, you call that as a negative, am I missing any of the other pieces within that context.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then in terms of the second half for organic growth in the mid single-digits, you are much tougher comp obviously in the third quarter than the fourth quarter. Do you expect mid singles for both quarters or would that comp profile suggest a little tougher 3Q.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then just lastly, can you help us with what iTrade organic was in the quarter, presumably with the Europe comment that might have been down. But can you just clarify on that for us.
