Brian Jellison: Well I think that, we are always funded by these niche transactions, right, so we don't want to go into some situation, where people are going to write software off of our software. We are really providing some kind of service to somebody, we happen to be using software to achieve the benefit of what it is. But you have to have domain experience. So our guys at the core are software people, they are domain experts who use software to create a solution for somebody, that's efficient and effective for them. So as long as we continue to see things that are in those spaces, we will be able to make the acquisitions. Couple of sessions ago, I said, when we did Sunquest and we did MHA, they were really-really as important for the future of Roper Technologies, as Neptune and Transcore back in 2003 and 2004 for Roper Industries. Sunquest and MHA gives us world class leadership organizations, that allow us to do bolt-on acquisitions and things that are complementary to them, and most of what we have done this year, has something to do with one or the other of those organizations. Aderant is similarly positioned to do that. It’s a great organization. You can go back and look at Chris Giglio, he did a YouTube video on the day of the acquisition, that was just brilliant and you can see how he is expressing the fact that now being owned by a public company, his customers could have confidence that they will get the continued investment for his program to continue to become the most important player in that area. So we are always kind of agnostic about what it is the business does. So we don't really have a boundary around the business, as long as it hits the excellent magic high recurring revenue, great cash flow, prefer to have few, if any, assets and domain experience, then we are pretty wide open on where we would deploy our capital. Now, we also have some internal things, we always want to be able to add value to the business in some meaningful way that we can understand, and we want to think that people working our government system will perform better than they were, when they weren't in it. And if we think, in our diligence process that, neither of those would happen, then we would abandon the deal.
Brian Jellison: Well I think that, what we got out of deleveraging and energy was more traditional, in the sort of 30-35, 38% type of stuff that we saw in most of the businesses. We didn't think that upstream guys in oil and gas and industrial, which by the way, was less than 10% of our revenue. They delevered it more than 50%, which we though was unacceptable, and we have shared that with them [ph]. So they were moving pretty quickly, but they haven't been as used to that kind of change, because they have been driven really by the fracking opportunity, and there really wasn't any cyclical uptick -- it always has gone up, they have never really gone back for a long period of time, and they just didn't do quite as good a job as quickly, as the energy people did. But that problems are behind us.
Brian Jellison: You have the City of Toronto cycling through, so that's an $8 million or $9 million negative income thing, which isn't useful.
Brian Jellison: I do think, from a read-across [ph] basis, everybody believes there [indiscernible] of what they are seeing from a revenue viewpoint. We went through our quarterly review process and people certainly didn't have any optimism for the fourth quarter, but they all though things should pretty well bottomed out, and they were feeling better about Q4 than they did in Q3, and we don't yet have their forecast for 2016, but in the verbal discussions, people feel a little bit better. So the good news for us, is its getting to be such a small portion of the enterprise, that it doesn't have much effect, as you can see here. Because upstream is probably down 35% this year, and even with that kind of drag, we had record revenue and record cash and earnings performance in the quarter.
Brian Jellison: The renewal -- we said retention was about 95%. I don't think we have said a lot about growth. But its going through a little bit of a growth spur, as its gaining share against its primary competitor, who has got some issues. They will have to deal with terms of the software that supports their system historically.
Brian Jellison: I think that might be the case more so in the next 18 months than it has been in the last 18 months. There has been a lot of stuff for sale, but there is always a lot of stuff in the pipeline. But I do think you are starting to see the signs of people getting worried about -- to get any kind of uptick on the risk premium around CCC credits and financing. People are going to start to worry about their exit multiples versus what their entrance multiples order. So I think everybody is wondering about what their exit time ought to be, if it should be moved up. But boy, the guys that we work with and talk to all the time, I mean, they are still deploying capital like crazy. So you see them making big bets and the launch of [indiscernible] very high trailing multiples at least, for what they hope will be able to grow into. So I don't think that there was anything particularly unusual, I think that we have owned Sunquest long enough, that we have a real purposeful strategy about what we are building out there, that's just starting to be able to be seen. We are still going to tell everybody exactly what we are doing. But when you look back and you see what we have done with data acquisitions and with strategic healthcare partners for MHA and Atlantic Healthcare. For MHa, and what we are doing here with CliniSys and what we are doing with Atlas, a couple of years from now I think people will -- we won't ever get another question about what ring counts look like.
Brian Jellison: Well the problem of course is the U.K. health system, right. So Germany is different, U.K. is different. So there are regionally specific regulated industries that require different kinds of performance criteria versus what Sunquest faces in the U.S. There certainly will be synergies in the sense of improving our software development capability for those entities, and that's good. I can see, John's anxious to add too.
Brian Jellison: Well I think 2016 is going to be a lot easier for us, because the headwinds that we faced this year should all subside. So I don't think that oil and gas would be worse in 2016 in a material way than it has been in 2015. Its likely to be stable or perhaps up a little bit on some of the areas. I think our fourth quarter will be kind of similar to the third quarter, but 2016 is a different story. So we are going to enjoy some of the acquisitions that we have made, will become organic in 2016 and that always helps. So just about everything is favorable. In 2016, you get rid of the City of Toronto drag, which, to bear, we get rid of the Rugged Mobile kind of winding, that has been down. We do get rid of a lot of drags. And so organic, these will be more favorable next year.
Brian Jellison: Well, we still love our cash generation businesses out there. They don't have any amortization. I don't know, maybe one of these days, we are going to report it on our cash earnings. It would be a different story. But man, the EPS we get out of our historical business is pretty spectacular, 33% EBITDA and fluid handling. Its hard to bind something with 33% EBITDA, right. So these businesses are really great. We think they are valued pretty highly inside our overall portfolio. I think people approach us -- I mean, our phone rang off the hook, when people saw -- we sold Abel, everybody in the world is calling us up about, hey can we buy your pump businesses, can we buy your energy business, can we do this, can we do that? And the answer is no. I mean, what are you talking about, you guys traded at a multiple that's lower than the imputed value on our business. And if we are going to do it, then we are going to do it for shareholders, so that shareholders get a premium to what they would be. So I do think there are creative things that people kind approach us on, and I was willing to listen to various things, but we like the businesses that we own today, for the most part.
Brian Jellison: All good news. As they -- let us know when they are going to return by the way, we are not aware of that yet, Chris. But if they do come back, we will be printing money there. There is no question about that. We are already printing money in a hideous market. So yeah, that's all good news. But there is a little bit of a loss [indiscernible] numbers. The difference I think, if you look at the op and energy in the second quarter, and the op and the energy in the third quarter, we are up about $4 million in operating profit quarter-over-quarter on the same revenue. So you get sort of a nice kick there.
Brian Jellison: Well, we get some tax benefits in there, but on balance, I'd say, our purchase price for these things has been around 11 times, first year EBITDA. So you can kind of use that as a guidepost into what we would expect for next year.
Brian Jellison: So Abel is really unique. In terms of the pumping technology it uses, it is unrelated to what we do at Cornell and its unrelated to what we do at Roper, which are our other two pump businesses. So it really offers us no surges of any kind, from a technological development viewpoint. The PP&E that's used to generate an Abel pump, these are really large. They are more like Flowserve or Dresser-Rand or something like that, or just totally -- typically in large test facilities, mostly witness tests. A lot of their growth, which should be quite good, will be in India, related to power generation. So the end markets that they serve, we are going to require additional capital deployment for us, to continue to grow those businesses. And it wasn't the place we felt like we should invest, therefore, we really felt that that would be better, if we cut this loose to somebody who is seeing it as a growth platform, which it can become. I think it’s a good acquisition for the people that bought it, and I think it will perform quite well for them. But we are able to get out if it at €95 million and, would be hard pressed to say, sort of 12 times trailing number was something we should turn down.
Brian Jellison: Yeah. I think so. I mean, its cyclical up and down in terms of projects, its not sort of cyclical with the economy, but we are certainly not seeing any slowness. In Riyadh, they are expanding the project. Somebody said to me I think this morning, oh my goodness, Saudi Arabia, they need to borrow money, they want a bit of cash, they can't do any of that. I mean, wow, people do react on a lot of various things. I do not think Saudi Arabia is going out of business in the next month and a half, and I don't think Riyadh is either. So this is a multiyear contract, and once you have the work deployed, people have to have the backroom operations, they can't do it on their own. So there is a lot of different things that happen. Now this is mostly a traffic translink project, with a lot of upfront opportunity that's more civil engineering, and as that gets behind us, then actually margins will improve.
Brian Jellison: We have ample opportunities to go through with TransCore and the rest of our businesses to see what the next 12 months or the next three years looks like, and we will be able to share that totality of that picture at the fourth quarter, when we initiate guidance for 2016. So I mean, just taking out one piece, yeah, we feel very good about that. But wait for the whole picture.
Brian Jellison: I mean so far, it has been modestly positive. But I would say that we are not in those conversations. We don't set prices, we help our members negotiate the best pricing and the best supply chain solutions that they can obtain. So it has been modestly helpful, but not by any stretch, is it the largest piece of the MHA growth that we have experienced.
Brian Jellison: Here is a situation, we just signed the agreement. When we are filing-- a lot of material like, either we do here with HSR, so that's all going into customary merger control reviews. So we have agreed with the seller, that we are not going to provide any information until after the deal closes. So I can't tell you a lot about that. But the end markets are quite similar to what happens here in the United States, the hospitals. While people think that there is universal healthcare in the U.K., there is actually a wide variety of potential providers that side that system, and CliniSys allows these people to have a uniform operated platform around all the things that go on, lapse. And we will be able to make them be more efficient for the healthcare system, because they will now get access to our Data Innovations technology and they will get access to some of the ways we do things at Sunquest. So we think from an end user viewpoint, the owner who has built this very good business in the U.K. and recently acquired business similar to it -- and Germany will benefit from providing additional services and clarity to the people that use hoar [ph] system to try it in laboratories. So we are bullish about that, but that's about as far as I can go, Joe.
John Humphrey: Yeah I mean, what I would tell you is that we are expecting some sequential increase from Q3 to Q4. Not as much as what we have seen in the past, in terms of the dollar increase. If you look back at kind of how this segment has performed in 2012, and 2013, and 2014, well we tried to add a nice jump up there. We are expecting some, but not as much as in the past, just because of the other headwinds that are present in new oil and gas markets.
John Humphrey: The cost savings benefit will continue to just manifest itself most of the costs out would happen in the first half. And so that, that flowthrough just continues in the fourth quarter against last year cost levels.
John Humphrey: And also remember that this is another business that has a substantial install base, so you get a lot of maintenance revenue, right. So this is not a SaaS business. They have a small SaaS offering, which we think has very interesting prospects. But the majority of this business is a traditional license and maintenance model, and so when you talk about what's the growth rate -- the underlying growth rate of the ongoing maintenance, which is kind of in the low single digit range, but then you have the upside opportunity, as well as what they are capturing today, which is new share and new applications, which is growing much faster than that. So you blend it all together and it has a similar to Sunquest, kind of in the mid to high single digit, is what we expect of this business going forward.
John Humphrey: Yeah I don't think there is any -- in fact, I know there is no plan to merge those things. What we do see is the opportunity for these businesses to work together, to bring new solutions to the market. There are kind of similar unmet needs and opportunities to do things, whether its around blood bank or other solutions. So there may be opportunities for the two businesses to work together in the future. But as far as the core offering, its very-very niche and kind of purpose built, and we don't expect those things to have any overlap.
John Humphrey: And also Chris -- so structural. So the structural piece of these businesses, is the fact that they have a highly variable cost structure. So we don't have a lot of fixed costs that are hard and expensive and time consuming to take out, and then also, hard and expensive and time consuming to put back in. So these are primarily people related expenses, and so I don't expect that to be structural from that standpoint. Its flexible, and that's the important thing for those businesses, and to make sure that they are able to flex very quickly with volume decreases, but also be able to capture opportunities when volume comes back.
John Humphrey: In terms of revenue, for our first 12 months of ownership for all of that, right? So the first 12 months for Strata and SoftWriters and Data Innovations is largely in our numbers this year. But when we add all of that up, we get to something in the $375 million range.
John Humphrey: Not really. Probably 31% or something like that into the fourth quarter, right? 31.5. But its hard to feel you have a downward bias, when you pay our tax rates. We are not in aversion, we just don't have any kind of things that are going on around the world. So our tax rate, pretty much for the year, if you look back historically, its going to be around 29% to 30% most of the time.
John Humphrey: Its probably about 50-50. As you see global industrial production, whether that's around steel or automobile, so that is -- Joe we have got a little bit of positive tailwind. But you also have a lot of new and upgraded products and the expansion of Struers' global reach, and so it puts them in a very good position to continue to take some share. And we also have a very good line of other things, not just on the material analysis, their traditional area, but also some new things around hardness testing and some things they are introducing there, that has helped them. So it’s a little bit of both, little bit of market, little bit of self-help.
John Humphrey: Okay. Well thank you all for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you again in late January.
