Jason Conley: Thanks, Neil. I am very excited and incredibly grateful for the opportunity to work with you and the team in this new role. And of course, thanks, Rob, for your awesome partnership and mentorship over the years. It's been just a great experience working together.  So first, I'd like to introduce Brandon Cross as our new Principal Accounting Officer. Brandon joined Roper about five years ago, progressing to our Assistant Controller and more recently, has led and transformed our audit services function. He has significant M&A and integration experience. So this is a natural and well-earned promotion for him. Brandon, I look forward to working together in your new role.
Jason Conley: Yes, sure, glad to. So MHA, as Neil mentioned, it's really about drug purchases from the pharmacies, and they have very strong retention in those businesses from a customer standpoint. We always sort of think about the business being at the -- maybe at the bottom end of the mid-single digits, maybe a little bit low singles. And that's sort of what we experienced this year, and that's kind of what we're baking in for next year.
Jason Conley: Yes, happy to. No, I think we're feeling very good about the 80% Our deferred revenue, our renewals were really strong this quarter, and we felt good how it moved up sequentially, how was up year-over-year. And just what we're hearing from our businesses, we feel good about the renewals. And then we're going to have -- we expect -- I think I said on the call that we'll get some improvement on our inventory ratios next year. We had a little bit of build at the end of this year. Frontline will certainly help with our negative working capital profile. They're at negative 40%. Like I said, most of that will hit in the third quarter when all the renewals take place. Of course, if Section 174 gets repealed, this will be a home run year, but we're not banking on that for now.
Jason Conley: No. They were somewhere in the '80s. We had a few days knocked off at the beginning of the quarter because we closed on the 4th.
Jason Conley: Well, it's a calculation that's going to be based on many variables, right? It's mainly an accounting exercise. We don't think that it's going to -- we'd rather see the outcome when we do the exit. We think that's the better reflection of what the economics are going to be. We feel really good about what that's going to look like. We've worked with CD&R on a strategy there. They typically look at several multiples of return on investment, and that's what we're playing for upon exit.
Jason Conley: Yes. It wasn't significant. It was probably in the $5 million to $10 million range, and it was across a number of businesses. So I think we expect the first quarter for TEP to be up a little bit more than the rest of the year because of that and because of some of the easier comps. So maybe low double digits in the first quarter, but that's sort of the range. So yes, a lot of this is in the rearview. Of course, things do pop up here and there, but we're not hearing as much sort of meaningful impact in the quarters.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I think the -- if I take it at the highest level, we've been 8% to 10% organic. The last couple of years, obviously, are guiding a little bit below that for 2023. So I think you see it in our guidance model reading through as a general matter. If you take the Software businesses, our retention rates will stay very high. We expect that as to the intimacy and the criticality of our applications. So retention rates to be very high. But as our customers, I mean, across all these end markets, I mean, if there's macroeconomic sort of headwinds or slowdown, then they're going to be affected to some degree, so we expect customer expansion activity maybe a little bit of net new to be slowed a little bit. The Software businesses will be great. They'll grow for sure, but a little bit slower. From an end market perspective, we're in a number of end markets that are generally macro insensitive. There's a little bit, obviously, in our transportation business is that we called out on the call. That will be a little bit slower. But there's some hedges inside the portfolio. ConstructConnect should be good in the slower economic environment and also our medical product businesses as staffing levels and hospitals gets a little bit easier. Patient volume should come back and that should help those businesses. And then from a product, Neptune has got a gigantic amount of backlog, which will carry them through much of this year. So we feel pretty well set up. It doesn't mean that we're completely insensitive to macro, but relatively insensitive.
Neil Hunn: I appreciate the opportunity to talk about, anyway our businesses, it's been a while since we've been able to do a double-click on PowerPlan. So just remind you what they do, right? So PowerPlan software and services live at the intersection of the financial system and the asset tracking system for these large utilities, investor-owned and public utilities. And when the PowerPlan software has a perfectly curated view of what the assets look like inside our customer base. When you have that perfectly curated view and these assets are constantly being updated and changed, they're not static, right? And so that's why you have to live between these two systems. And we have this perfectly curated view of what the assets are, then you get the most appropriate tax treatment you can, the most appropriate lease accounting and a series of other financial benefits associated with that. We bought the business. The business was doing that, but it was also reaching outside its core customer base and the core products I just described, looking for growth sort of in all the wrong places, if you will. And then we -- what we did when we did our strategy work with them going back probably a year, 1.5 years ago is the amount of opportunity inside the core of what they do was large enough to support the growth thesis for many years to come. So it's just refocusing back on the core. That's a common theme. We talked about that. I think you'll see that increasingly more inside of Ropers as we do our strategy work, right? So not getting too far away from the core and getting distracted. So that's what they've done. The first impact of that is they now have this 100% SaaS solution for their principal product fixed assets just released in Q4. And we're excited by that because as you lift and shift your customer base from an on-premise to a cloud solution, there's a tremendous value capture opportunity, and it will unlock some growth for the business.
Neil Hunn: No, that's the value unlock, right? So we're doing more for our customers with the SaaS solution, right? So we're not just hosting it. There's more features. You're on the latest release, where certainly, we know how to operate our software ourselves better than third parties. And so it's the efficiency and the uptime is higher. And as a result of all that, you do get price. We'll see we talked about there's roughly $900 million in legacy on-premise maintenance in our revenue base. And as that is lifting and shifting to the cloud over a long arc of time, that should lift and shift north of 2 times, right? So there's $1 billion of growth that's latent inside the portfolio as we lift and shift that on-premise maintenance to the cloud.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So let me take -- let's take those, Jason, I take those in sequence. So I'll set up what the difference between recurring and reoccurring revenue is in our base. I'll let Jason talk about the relative growth rate, then we'll tackle the DAT freight question you're raising.  So just to level set what everybody is, if we have a recurring revenue is subscription, contractual recurring revenue, reoccurring revenue is principally located at our MHA business. We take a percentage of the drug and food spend that goes to the network and so it's not technically recurring, it's highly reoccurring. So it's not -- and that's probably the most -- one of the most stable parts of our portfolio, long-term care, health care, residents and buildings, consuming food and pharmaceuticals, right? So it's highly secure for lack of a better word. It's not transactional relative to a macroeconomic sort of situation. So I'll stop just in terms of framing recurring versus reoccurring. I'll let Jason take the relative growth rate question.
Neil Hunn: Great. Okay. Now let's take to your freight and logistics around DAT specifically. So to remind you, there's this tension between the cyclical freight dynamic and a secular push or a secular benefit that DAT and DAT's customers are experiencing relative to the spot market becoming a more efficient place to place freight. So there's tension between those two.  From a cyclical point of view, we expected and have seen the carrier side of the network reduce a little bit. And it's -- and we expect it to reduce over the course or shrink or get a little bit smaller over the course of this year. DAT grew through the 2019 freight recession. I think DAT has grown every year since 2010. So the business is talking about the rate of growth at DAT, not does it expand and contract. It tends to be much more stickier than that. As an early read, January is actually a little bit better. I mean the number of carriers in the network is sort of flattish through January and not declining. And the people in the industry that sort of call like the freight timing and if there's going to be a freight recession, I actually think there's a queuing for a large spring shipping season, mostly around -- this triggered by produce. And we might start to be seeing a little bit of that bleed in, but we'll have to see how the next couple of quarters play out.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So we have the most visibility we've ever had at Neptune. That's right. The order volume continues to flow. The order duration, meaning the longer date orders continues to flow. And so we feel quite comfortable and good how 2023 is shaping for Neptune.  For medical products, there's actually -- I think we've talked about a few quarters ago, the reoccurring elements of Verathon became the largest part of the revenue stream. There's a lot of consumable pull-through in the capital equipment there. Northern Digital has a decently high amount of consumables that are pulled through that zip code [ph]. And so it is more procedure and patient driven. And we like I said a few minutes ago, we feel that were decently well set up there, but it's not in our base case.  So we saw 6% to 8% declines in patient volumes in the areas in which we service in 2022, all tied to hospital staffing levels. And we're cautiously optimistic that as the labor market solution, hospitals be able to staff and be able to see patient volumes pick back up the prior levels.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So in terms of the number of -- when you say new entrants, I assume you're referring to the number of new carriers that are in the network as opposed to a competitive entry or the sort because there really are no new competitive entrants. Relative to the carriers, yes, I mean, it was -- it's been just a tremendous last couple of years, driven by the things we've talked about for a couple of years, which is the fluidity and the liquidity in the spot market, which is a secular tailwind and then obviously, a huge boom on the cyclical piece. We -- historically, when you look at like peak carriers to trough carriers through cycle, it sort of goes carriers declines by plus or minus 10%. We've assumed that it will decline by more than that in our guidance model because the buildup was unprecedented. But -- so that's sort of -- we think we have this conservatively planned in our outlook, but it's unprecedented ramp up leading up to this. We do take some early confidence in the carrier count in the first couple of weeks of January. So the fact that we're flattish versus continuing to see some declines is certainly encouraging, but it's only a handful of data points we want to see take together. In terms of the premium offering, I mean, DAT has just done a tremendous job creating product and package designs that have more value for all the network participants. It's helped drive some ARPU increases because there's more value that the participants are getting.
Neil Hunn: Yes. You're right. We've obviously historically sourced all. But in my time here, I think one meaningful deal from private equity. One was from a small founder or founder, and that has been sort of the pod in which we fish. But we're -- that's not exclusively where we have business development activities going on. We've always looked in public markets. We just haven't found anything that's been compelling from a value point of view yet. We'll continue to look there. You could see us get a little bit earlier in the cycle and try to compete a little bit more with private equity sort of half a click earlier in the company's life cycle. So when we did the Vertafore transaction and the Frontline transaction, many of our investors said, why didn't you buy it when the first you bought it from a private equity firm, you bought it from bought it. And so that's something that you could see us explore in the right situations. But still, all that being said, the predominance of what we're going to do is what we've done for the last 20 years, which is sort of lower risk of highly recurring software -- application software businesses from private equity.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So I appreciate the opportunity there. So let's just take it by those three. So ConstructConnect, to remind you what it is, right, so we have a near perfect database of all the construction -- commercial construction projects that are in the planning phase across North America. As a result, when -- it has a bit of countercyclical demand attached to it. So when there is a tremendous amount of new projects and you're a subcontractor general contract and building product manufacturing and business is flowing from everywhere, then you don't have to look too hard for what you're going to do next. When there's fewer projects, then you subscribe to the subscription service of ConstructConnect so you can identify what projects are coming down the pipe that you want to try to bid for and win. And so the ConstructConnect has been a modestly good performer for us over the years. We expect it to actually have a good run here in '23 as a result. Deltek does have -- it's been a strategic focus of Deltek. Deltek is 60% government contracting, 40% private sector and private sector. The smallest sliver is construction and we sell software to large contractors. That's what we do. That business, we -- in our prepared comments, we talked about how the private sector was very strong in Q4 for Deltek. We would expect and do anticipate some softening on the construction side for Deltek in 2023, and we think we have that fully covered in our guidance. And then Neptune, we believe strongly Neptune is not a cyclical business. As you sell water meters and water meter technology to the municipalities when they're -- they tend to have a budget for meters. When there is a large new residential new construction, then a higher percentage of the budget goes to install new meters. When there's fewer new starts, the budget stays the same, but they take the meters and they do the retrofits and trade outs of the aging fleet and infrastructure. So that is a general cross-cycle sort of view of Neptune, But then we're further -- our confidence is further buoyed by the fact that we have this just unprecedented amount of backlog at Neptune for 2023. So we think that Neptune will perform well for us this year.
Neil Hunn: Let me just set it up, and I'll hand it over to Jason. So in TEP, we talk obviously -- about Neptune, we talk about medical process. There's also a small cohort of RF product businesses [indiscernible] and RF Ideas. The fourth quarter was particularly brutal supply chain wise on those RF product businesses. And so with that, I'll give it to Jason to sort of talk through anything you'd like to.
Neil Hunn: And as a general matter, we're not the only ones that. But supply chain is generally, as Jason just said, improving and there's essentially the chip shortage and chip issues. There's more of a globally is just -- but we're not -- you're not just hearing that from us. We do think this -- the supply chain issues abate over '23.
Neil Hunn: Neptune has been just a steady and consistent share gainer made the whole time I've been here, right? I mean, for a decade. And the reasons for that are manifold, but they have a product orientation that starts with, they never want to strand their existing customers with technology. So for instance, this goes back to the prior iteration of communication software, but the proprietary protocols between mobile and fixed point, Neptune has a solution where if you're a municipality and you can have one fixed point, roaming points and still have some manual reads and the master data management software package in Neptune can ingest all that data and you don't strand a customer having to pick piece of technology for the totality of what they have to do. So it comes from a product orientation that starts with flexibility.  The second thing is the products are just well thought out for the long arc of what the customer wants to do. For instance, on the large commercial meters for ultrasonic, you have to be able to read high flow and low flow equally accurate our products do that. So think about a big hotel application, a trickle that happened 3 in the morning versus the high flow takes their showers in the morning, our ultrasonic meter will perfectly read the low flow and the high flow and the competitive products have to tend to be focused on one or the other for the precision. More so for that application when the ultrasonic -- the battery that drives the ultrasonic technology needs to be replaced. In our case, it's essentially a drop in battery, the competitors you have to cut the meter out and replace the meter. So it's small things -- it's seemingly small things like that, that help drive market share gains over a long arc of time.  Final thing I would say, in 2022, it was particularly beneficial for us because we had product availability throughout the totality of the year. And so some of our competitors were quoting year plus lead times. I think our lead times went from like 8 to 12 weeks. And so just some accounts that we typically have not had any presence in, they need meters, we can deliver meters, all of a sudden, you have presence and the opportunity to compete in that account. So that's helped gain some market share in the relative short term.
Neil Hunn: So it's interesting. So I can add Zach -- ConstructConnect publishes, look at that quarterly, quarterly the macro of what they're seeing from a construction planning point of view, and I can have Zack for that to you. I have not read the -- personally, I've not read the most recent report yet, so I don't want to comment on its content, but we can send that to you.
Neil Hunn: So here's the countercyclical nature of that. And so if you have several hundred thousand construction workers, construction, small subcontracting firms ConstructConnect has tens of thousands of customers. So as those hundreds of thousands are looking for work, it only takes a small percentage of that cohort to become a customer of ours to exhibit countercyclical growth behavior, which is what's happened in every prior slowdown in the history that we've been able to observe with ConstructConnect.
Scott Davis: Good morning, guys. Congrats, Rob, and good luck, Jason, et cetera. I wish you guys well, but [indiscernible]. Jason you get to work a few more years with Neil. Good luck.
Scott Davis: I can say that, I guess. But anyways, I don't want to climb in a minutia here, but I know there's no one particular asset that moves the needle in a huge way. But can we walk back and talk a little bit about PowerPlan? I mean you mentioned the narrower product focus. I think, I heard you say, which didn't really understand what that meant. And the cloud rollout, again, like is that -- how relevant is that to the business? And -- but maybe if we just go back and you can explain to us again what kind of drives PowerPlan? And I'll just leave it there and leave it behind. 
Scott Davis: Okay. I look forward to the Analyst Day. I'm going to pass it on. Thanks, guys. Congrats on another good year. See you on Analyst Day. 
