Rob Crisci: Thanks, Neil. Good morning, everyone. Turning to page eight, while looking at our Q4 income statement performance. Total revenue increased 8%, as we eclipsed $1.5 billion of quarterly revenue for the first time. Organic revenue for the enterprise declined 2% versus prior year. EBITDA grew 7% in the quarter to a record $552 million. EBITDA margin was down 40 basis points versus prior year at 36.6%. Tax rate came in at 19.9%, a little lower than last year's 21.6%. So all-in, this resulted in adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.56 which is above our guidance range. Next slide. Turning to page nine, reviewing the Q4 results by segment. Neil will discuss the full year 2020 segment performance in more detail later, so just touching on some of the Q4 highlights here by segment. Application Software grew 35% with the addition of Vertafore. Organic for the segment was minus 2% with mid single digit recurring revenue growth continuing. Sharp declines in our CBORD & Horizon businesses, serving K-12 and higher education impacted the segment, as many schools unfortunately remain closed. For network software systems, plus 2% organic growth with our Software businesses, putting up a very solid plus 4% organic. The TransCore was flat versus prior year. For Measurement & Analytical Solutions, plus 1% organic growth, as we start to see some sequential recovery at Neptune in our Industrial businesses. Segment margins were impacted a bit by the acceleration of some product and channel investments at Verathon as we discussed coming into the quarter, and it's really been a conceptual [ph] year for Verathon overall. Lastly, for Process Technologies, a 21% organic decline, with margins holding up well at 31.3%. And once again here, we started to see some early signs of improvement after a couple of years of declines. Next slide. So turning to page 10, looking at net working capital. Honestly, the slide mostly speaks for itself, ending the quarter with negative 8% net working capital as a percentage of Q4 annualized revenue. While there are certainly some seasonal trends, primarily around timing of software renewals, they do typically benefit our Q4 performance. You can see here a meaningful improvement versus 2018, improving from negative 3.4% to negative 8% in 2020. Our asset-light negative net working capital model drives our sustainable, high cash conversion and fuels our cash flow compounding. Our people focus on what we all believe matters and our culture is built around growing the right way. Topline growth converts to cash flow, and we are always mindful of impacts to our balance sheet. Next slide. So turning to cash flow, cash flow performance, as Neil mentioned was really pretty spectacular, no matter how you look at it. Q4 free cash flow of $558 million was 23% higher than last year and represented 37% of revenue. This excellent result was driven by the great working capital performance I just discussed, which is really across the enterprise, along with meaningful cash contributions from Vertafore and the other recent acquisitions. So for the full year of 2020, we generated $1.72 billion of operating cash flow and $1.67 billion of free cash flow. So to repeat, that's $1.7 billion of free cash flow in 2020, truly a great year. Full year free cash flow growth was 16%, and our free cash flow conversion from EBITDA was a robust 84%. So really tremendous cash flow performance, and it was broad-based and very durable. Next slide. So turning to page 12, updating on our balance sheet. As Neil mentioned earlier, we ended the year with total capital deployment of approximately $6 billion, which included the EPSi acquisition that closed during the fourth quarter on October 15. We were able to take advantage of attractive market conditions to complete and opportunistically fund these acquisitions with a combination of internally generated cash flow, proceeds from our 2019 Gatan divestiture and investment-grade leverage. Overall cost of financing was approximately 1%. Thanks to our excellent Q4 cash performance, we're off to a great start on our plan to quickly reduce leverage, paying down around $500 million since we closed the EPSi deal. Looking ahead, we plan to rapidly reduce leverage throughout 2021, taking advantage of our prepayable revolver, which has a current balance of approximately $1.6 billion. Our solid investment-grade balance sheet supports long-term cash flow compounding, which we are well-positioned to continue. So with that, I'll pass it back over to Neil for the remainder of our prepared remarks.
Rob Crisci: Yeah. So - hey, Deane, good morning. It's about $100 million for the full year. And in the first quarter, we only have about $10 million to $15 million in there. As we mentioned, there's a bit of a pause, but now it's started up and running again, and the scope is unchanged.
Rob Crisci: Sure. So it will be, as you know, when we're in deleveraging mode, all the free cash flow goes towards deleveraging. So we pay a dividend. That will continue. But essentially, the rest of the free cash flow goes towards deleveraging. So that's a rough - probably after you paying a dividend, roughly $1.5 billion in deleveraging is probably a good ballpark number.
Rob Crisci: Vertafore was around 90% or so of both cash and EBITDA. And yeah, as I mentioned earlier, Steve, just great working capital performance across the portfolio, very broad-based. You're getting your software renewals, which were very strong in the fourth quarter. There is certainly is some benefit, right from those more cyclical businesses being a little bit softer, right? And that lowers working capital overall. But just great working capital performance. Our cash taxes year-over-year were about flat. So it really was all on working capital.
Rob Crisci: Yeah. So the $1.5 billion is deleveraging number, so that's an estimate. That's after paying dividends. So for next year, yeah, you're right, we don't guide free cash flow. We always have very strong conversion. As you know, we expect that very high conversion to continue. As I mentioned, those working capital trends are very stainable, right? It's the culture. It's the type of businesses we buy. As the software businesses grow, their working capital continues to go down, so that all should continue.  In terms of the tax attributes, yes, there are some tax attributes related to Vertafore, which we disclosed, a little over $100 million. So there'll be some benefit from that coming in '21. There's also, like many other multi-industry and really all companies, right, we benefited some from deferral of payroll taxes. So that I'll go back the other way next year as you're starting to pay those payroll taxes again. So those are sort of – the business sort of counter [ph] each other a little bit. But we feel great about cash flow next year. But we don't guide as you know. Operator Next question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Rob Crisci: No, I think that's right. We're assuming Q1 is very much clearly still in the middle of pandemic and then things improve from there.
Rob Crisci: Yeah. The pockets of areas that are hit as we talked about, right colleges and universities, most of those customers we tend to have larger customers there. So we're not too worried about our schools being in financial trouble overall. And then on like the iTrade network side, they have customers that are in the food area. So there certainly could be an impact from some smaller restaurants and some of those issues in that market. But overall, not really a meaningful impact meaningful impact to us.
Rob Crisci: Hey, and Joe, just on the - obviously, the company has performed very, very well since we own it. But just to clarify my last answer, the 90 of EBITDA, that's since we own the business, there's a month in there as well. It wasn't all in the fourth quarter. But it was 90 of cash in the fourth quarter.
Rob Crisci: Yeah. I mean, we can go through the segments in detail later on. But I mean, overall, our margins are relatively flat year-over-year in the guide. I think there's a little bit of a core decline in the margins, given a lot of the cost will come back post-COVID, travel and things that didn't happen, very modest decline there. And then the Vertafore revenue comes in at a higher margin. So overall, margins were relatively flat. And then we'd expect some improvement in the bottom sort of the more cyclical type stuff and process, we should get some nice bounce back as that starts to grow in margins.
Rob Crisci: Yeah. I think - so what you have here is a dynamic where the most - first as a precursor. Most - the vast majority, I should say of our services work in the application segment are tied to new implementations, whether they're SaaS or on-premise. So if you look back and think through what happened sequentially in 2020, very quickly in the shutdown, the license activity, the perpetual activity slowed down. So you had low license activity basically through Q4. The services book of business has a little bit of a backlog, right? So the services were continued in Q2, continued a little bit in Q3, completed the in-flight projects. And then it sort of slowed down a handful of months behind the license activity. So when you comeback on this side, the license activity will pick up sooner, but then you got to - and the services work will follow back behind it. So you've essentially had a slower ramp down and a slower ramp up for services. So that's why you see it flattish where you can see growth in the perpetual book.
Neil Hunn: Deane, maybe I can ask you to sort of rephrase the question. I want to make sure that we fully understand the question.
Neil Hunn: Sure. Okay. So I appreciate the question. I think we understand it now. So the total perpetual revenue for our core businesses, the Software businesses that have been in the portfolio for a while was down obviously, in 2020. We expect about - the recovery in ‘21 to be about half of what we are down. We're seeing strength, you know, we've seen continued strength all year in the perpetual - in 2020 in the perpetual book of business, in Deltek's GovCon business. As I talked about in the prepared remarks, we're seeing - showing [ph] in some activity in their professional services end markets that's encouraging. These are the architects, the engineers, the contractors, the marketing services firms, the consulting firms, those - that book of business. In addition, the other large parts of the perpetual book are at Aderant and PowerPlan. Aderant has its own unique set of competitive factors where the customers have to – the customers that have not upgraded their software from - the competitive customers have not upgraded the software have to upgrade, and we're winning a large percentage of those. And so all that activity just got pushed to the right a bit, and that's somewhat encouraging and pipeline activity is positive there. And then PowerPlan's pipeline activity is full. It has a handful of large opportunities in it, which are obviously hard to predict the exact timing. But we actually like the pipeline build across, the companies that have the primary book of perpetual business.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. I appreciate the question. We - it's very routine for us to get inbounds. I've been here almost 10 years. And there's a handful of, what I would say, meaningful and credible inbounds in any given year. Like we said for years, though, it's just very difficult to make the math work because when we sell a business, just look back at Gatan, you sell a business to a strategic buyer, we leak taxes, then you have to redeploy it, it's just hard with a compounding orientation to make that math work. Certainly, the lower tax rate sort of helped in the Gatan timing. So yes, we get inbounds. I would not say the activity in the last few quarters has ramped up more than it's been over the decade I've been here. But yeah, there's always inbound inquiry.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. I think it's the appetite. We've never not had the appetite. It just comes down to the math and doing what's best in our view, according to our math for our shareholders. So it's - the appetite has – that remained unchanged.
Neil Hunn: I would say no. And I think the – I mean, obviously, there's going to be small pockets here and there. We're very – most of our customers across the portfolio, most are enterprise level. A very small percentage of our software companies would be in the small, medium size where it may be more subject to some sort of macro sort of headwinds or business uncertainty. I think the data point we point to is just the incredible cash flow. I mean, we got paid by our customers, right, and so last year. And so what we do is just critical to what they do. And no, I don't think there's going to be down…
Neil Hunn: I have a guy in Florida, I never run through [ph] We will count that as the first question, by the way.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So I think if you go to our working capital page, page 10, you'll see all the benefit here. Q4 to Q4 was on the liability side, right? We're basically equal to – on the asset side, which is that, that indicates to us and we go business-by-business, it's structural and driven by an increasing mix towards software. So that's the first thing I'd say. Second is when you look at the art of the possible, if you think about a business that is 100% SaaS recurring revenue that's prepaid a year ahead, let's say, that you bill on January 1st and you take 90 days to get paid, that company is going to have 75% of its revenue. That's negative net working capital, right? And we certainly have a couple of businesses that don't quite get to 75%, but they approach 40% or 50%. So as we become more software and our legacy perpetual business becomes more Saas, you're going to see this number get higher. Will it ever get to 40% to 50%? No, it won't. But it will keep inching higher. It should over the next 5 to 10 years. We don't have a target. It's not that we're trying to drive the business to be x percent negative. We just have an incentive system and a culture that we get a little bit better every year on this metric.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So the most important thing that I think we can say in regards to Vertafore that matter, any acquisition is that, you know, if we had to summarize what we do is we buy these amazingly great businesses and then provide them environment to get better over a long period of time. So as a result, there is not a short-term. We've got to do these five things to improve the business. That's not in our strategic M&A strategy. That said, the business is – and the piece of research you did we thought was quite good and reflective of ours. It's basically a duopoly. We share a market with one principal competitor on the agency side. Fortunately, for us, just after the business - we acquired the business and closed, we won the largest deal in the market in the last three or four years and assured partners. There was a press release that went out a handful of weeks ago. So we're delighted about that. It's a slow ramp over a couple of years, a couple, three years. I think that's just an indication of the quality of the business that Vertafore and the products they have. But also the customer, in that case, was reassured by being - by Vertafore being owned by Roper who is just a long-term owner that's not going to look to sell the business in a handful of years. And therefore, you can make the right investments. If there is one thing that we're, you know, if you well doing in the short run is based on our diligence and similar to work you did is, we wanted to allocate a little bit more to R&D, which we have done. That's reflected in the numbers we've given you from the very beginning. And so that's going to take a few years to play out, just continuing to add functionality and add features and ways to monetize their customer base.
Neil Hunn: Yeah. So a few things I'd say there to begin with. First is when we engage with each of our businesses strategically, we talk to them broadly about how to grow sustainably with CRI-accretive growth over a long arc of time. Answering the two questions of where to play and how to win, but then when you get into how to win, it is - sometimes it's a product answer. A lot of times, it's a go-to-market or market, go-to-market effective sort of answer. So it's not - our strategic orientation of each business doesn't narrow into innovation from the get-go. That said, obviously, innovation and R&D, more mostly a D shop [ph] mostly development across our software and product businesses. You have seen and likely will continue to see a modest increase in R&D spend as a percent of revenue for years to come. In ‘19, it was about 7.5%, last year, it's about a little over 8%. This coming year, probably going to add about 100 basis points, to be a little over 9%. There's Vertafore mix in there that they have a little bit higher percentage, as compared to some of our other businesses. But I think you will see and are seeing an increase in innovation there. So – I’d sort of stop there. I mean, if you have any follow-ups, we're happy to do it. But the short answer is yes. I guess there's one other thing. If you compare Roper's, the 8% or 9% of revenue that we spend in R&D compared to other software companies, it appears low. When you look at our Software businesses, we're right in line with the peers. We're between 10% and 15%, 17% depending on the company. The Application businesses tend to be on the higher side of that. The Network businesses tend to be on the lower side of that. And the reason the mix for Roper is low is because we have quite a bit of revenue in TransCore, MHA and others that effectively don't have any R&D in our business model. So it's always important to point out when we get asked a question about R&D.
Neil Hunn: I’ll give you a gold star for getting like seven questions into one question. So I'm going to do our best to try to come - tick through these. So on Deltek, it is - it's important to note. It is a combination of large enterprise and the smaller end of the GovCon space that's been super strong throughout the year. It's not just been at the high end. And yes, we expect that to just continue, as the - it's not tied to infrastructure, per se. These government contractors go toward the fast currents of government spend is. It's gone from military to educations, maybe infrastructure. They just go to where it is, that might drive some M&A activity, by the way, which is generally good for us. On the Professional services side, the book of business here is broad. But if there are pockets of concentration, it's in architects, engineers and contractors. Obviously, the contractors, mostly non-res contractors, in this case, they are the ones that are a little bit worried, and they've sort of tightened up a little bit more. It's the architects and engineering firms that have shown some green shoots here in Q4. In addition, marketing services firms is a leading niche for Deltek, and those businesses also have started to fall. So I think that checked off your questions. If we missed one or two, we're happy to follow-up with you after the call.
Neil Hunn: And if I could just add one thing there, sort of piggybacking your question with the last one. Core EBITDA margins are going to be down a bit because, as Rob said, these costs are coming back in. It's hard to spend money on travel and customer meetings, for instance, last year, and we expect some of that to come back in this year.  That said, I sort of call it like a trap of leadership. We're increasing our R&D as a percent of revenue by about the same amount that we expect the core margins to come down. So there's going to be - some teams and some companies may choose to hold margins, and they're going to have to - there's opportunity cost inside the business somewhere. In our case, we're very specifically and intentionally not doing that versus coming to that trap. And then obviously, we get the benefit of the Vertafore mix coming in. So on - in aggregate, margins should be flat to up a touch.
Neil Hunn: Thank you, Alex for the question. So I would share two things with you. First is, maybe more than a couple of things. So we are active. The pipeline is active. We are spending time with - learning businesses, spending time with all the sponsors that we have relationships with to understand what the cohort of opportunities looks like. Importantly, every sizable transaction that we've completed since 2016, we have had a chance to meet the management teams at least once, if not multiple times, anywhere between 6 months and 18 months before we completed the transaction. So the work that we're doing now is principally focused on that. These are getting to understand businesses well before they're ready to be transacted, right? So businesses we're meeting this month are likely going to be businesses that we may acquire at the end of this year, or into the first half of next year. So it's the early pipeline work is the first thing I would say. Second is we're absolutely committed to deleveraging or unwavering on that. Third thing, if the right deal came through, there's always a way to figure that out. But that's not our primary focus. Our primary focus is the early part of the pipeline build, as well as the deleveraging.
Neil Hunn: Absolutely. It's – again, we're characterized, our M&A pipeline and process characterized by buying businesses that are better than us through the – our quantitative cash return lens. So that yields mostly software informatics types businesses. They're a combination of a wide variety of end markets, a wide variety of SaaS versus perpetual business models. But yeah, it's essentially what the capital deployment over the last 7 to 10 years. It's what our pipeline is characterized by that same type of business.
