Jason Conley: Thanks, Neil, and good morning to those joining the call. As always, thank you for your interest in Roper. If we look at Slide 6, I will provide an update on Q2, both against prior year and against a longer historical time frame. Revenue was $1.72 billion, which is 12% higher than prior year. Underpinning this was organic growth of 4% and an acquisition contribution of 8%, driven mostly by Procare and Syntellis. Organic recurring software revenue grew 6% and as we cycle through the tougher comps at freight match and foundry, which we've outlined in prior calls. We see signs of stabilization in both the freight and media and entertainment markets, which Neil will discuss further. Given our leadership positions and continued innovation investments at DAT, Loadlink and Foundry, we are confident that these businesses will capture growth upon market recovery. Also of note, organic growth in our tech segment was 5% with some production delays at Neptune. EBITDA was $695 million, which is 13% over prior year and yielded EBITDA margin of 40.5%, representing 20 basis points of expansion. Debt of $4.48 was above our guidance range of $4.42 to $4.46. Free cash flow was quite good at $367 million, up 24% over prior year and bringing year-to-date growth to 19%. Broadly over three years, our Q2 revenue has compounded 13% through a combination of organic growth and our consistent repeatable and disciplined M&A process. Q2 EBITDA CAGR over the same period has outpaced revenue at 14%. On a trailing 12-month basis, free cash flow compounded at 10%. Adjusting for cash tax payments related to Section 174, which went into effect in 2022, the normalized CAGR is 12% over this three-year period. Just looking at our current trailing 12-month performance against the prior TTM period, free cash flow of $2.1 billion grew 35% with free cash flow margins of 32%. We expect this to normalize in the second half and for 2024, we continue to expect free cash flow margins of 30% or more. With that, we can turn to Slide 7 to go through our financial position. With our strong Q2 cash flow, we paid down the revolver by $300 million, which brings our drawn balance down to $1.45 billion on a $3.5 billion capacity facility. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio now sits at 2.7x, which when coupled with future cash generation provides us with capacity to deploy $4 billion or more towards market-leading BMS businesses. On the capital deployment front, we have been quite busy over the second quarter and expect that to continue into the second half. Now, I'll turn it back over to Neil to talk through our segment detail and updated guidance.
Jason Conley: Yes, that's right. Joe, we talked about this a month or two ago. It's pretty consistent there. And I think, like Neil said, our enterprise bookings were strong across a number of businesses. Even Deltek was still down a little bit, so it was pretty widespread. So, no. Like Neil said nothing on our calls indicated that this is an issue whatsoever, at least at this point.
Jason Conley: And actually, Joe, Deltek was still down a little bit. So that's what Deltek. But Neil highlighted some strength at Strata. So, we saw, like I said, pipeline has been building and saw some good bookings at the latter part of Q2. Aderant has continued to be strong. Vertafore, Frontline, also really good quarters as well.
Jason Conley: Yes. Thanks, Julian. I think a little bit is Neptune. So just getting that -- those operational efficiencies will push some of that revenue that we normally have in the third quarter into the fourth. And then if you just look prior year, I think we think AS margins are going to be down year-over-year in Q3. If you recall last year, it was kind of the high watermark, Q3 was, of 2023. So, we actually expect it to be stronger AS margins in Q4. So, we'll have a strong Q4 there. So, it's just a little bit of a shift on margin, I think in the AS segment, which is obviously more than half of our revenue.
Jason Conley: There's a few dozen conversions that's happened over the last three or four years. So, we're still really early. It's obviously picked up in the last, call it, six quarters. But yes, still plenty of running there.
Jason Conley: So, on Neptune bookings, I mean we talked about the backlog coming into the year was still extremely strong, right? And so, we had three or four quarters, almost four quarters of backlog going into the year. And so, that's what we've been working through this year. And then orders have been -- continue to be strong, continue to be enough to -- I guess, to answer your question around the fourth quarter for sure in our guide and then setting up for next year. And then on enterprise bookings, the way we define that is it's all of the software business outside of DAT, Loadlink and ConstructConnect because those are more SMB-type businesses and those are annual contract value revenue. So, it's the time of booking and then you've got a -- depending on the Company, the delay between when the booking happens and when it converts to revenue, that can vary, depending on the nature of the award. And so, it doesn't always translate into revenue in the current year, but it certainly does help support where we think AS is going to be in the second half and then into '25.
Neil Hunn: Sure, delighted to do that. I appreciate the question. So just to highlight what we talked about on the call. So first, the demand at Neptune is consistent with our expectations. So, there's no demand issue here on either the static or the mechanical side. Second, the team did just a remarkable job, standing out of the static ultrasonic capacity in the first half. That business is growing north of 20% a quarter year-on-year. So, there's capacity had to happen there. And we get to the mechanical, and I think the root cause here is just a simple, the fact that the team's attention was standing up the static and the ultrasound capacity, and we lost a little bit of production efficiency on the mechanical side. The countermeasures are in place. We just have to get back to prior levels of efficiency. We don't have to have a breakthrough level of efficiency here. And so, like I said, the countermeasures are in process. it's got the full attention of the team, and this should be resolved this year.
Neil Hunn: Yes. Generally, a non-event for us. And based on the information we have at this stage, at this time, we don't anticipate the event will have any general impact on us.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I'll take a first pass of this and then Jason has anything to add. So first, it's been this -- certainly, we're aware of the situation from the other companies. And so, we're listening intently for this when we do our call downs of their businesses. And not once in any of our call downs or none of the first quarter, second quarter written summaries of business unit performance is this then the other as an issue in terms of our customers' IT spending diverting away from what we did is the first point. We've started to think about why that is. I think part of the reason is we're a teeny tied portion of the IT spend of our customers, and we're mission critical in what we do. So, I think it's a combination of the two. And our customers are very much looking to us to GenAI enable our product offerings. And we're very much doing that. We've talked about it in the prepared remarks for the last several quarters. I think there's three or four references in it in today's call. And so, we're super bullish about the opportunity. We noted enterprise software bookings up high single digits in the quarter, so some momentum there.
Neil Hunn: I'll give you our best crack at what's going on there. So, as we all know, in recent past periods, DAT just really experienced abnormal growth that was consistent with the freight cycle. And then -- and then -- and sort of the freight recession is what's been impacting the business over the last several quarters. This quarter was flattish in terms of the volumes that we're seeing. And then maybe there's a little bit of green shoots happening. The spot market volumes are stable to slightly improving. Carrier attrition and the network has slowed a little bit more than originally expected or anticipated. And finally, maybe most importantly, freight rejection rates in the market are improving. And so, we're sort of balancing, as I mentioned, we're bouncing along the bottom. That's our call for the balance of the year, and we're not going to bake in an improvement in our outlook until we actually see it, but maybe there's some green shoots happening here.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So, we'll try to take both of those. So Deltek is not really a seasonal business. Just so we're clear. Deltek got two parts of the business, about 60% GovCon, about 40% is the professional services end markets, architects, engineers, construction contractors. The professional services side, it's been solid, robust, consistent. The slowness has been on the GovCon side, particularly the enterprise, the very largest customers as just the last 12 months or maybe a little bit longer, if government spending uncertainty is what's driven sort of the slowdown or sluggishness in the market. In the second quarter, Deltek on the GovCon side, there was a little bit of enterprise activity, bookings activity, which was super encouraging to see it's been two quarters since we've seen that. And so -- and there also isn't really an election impact that's tied to this part of the business. At least historically, there's not been. So, it's just having some stability in the government spending outlook. It also doesn't really matter what the government spending is on. It just is the government operation of spending has been uncertain. I mean you're right on FedRAMP, the Company is, I think, FedRAMP have moderate complied today, and it's a definitive unlock for the SaaS migration on the GovCon side of the business, which is just in the very, very beginning, like the bottom of the first inning.
Neil Hunn: Yes. Aderant, it's just so good at the moment for multiple factors, the one you list around the SaaS migration is just one. I mean the Company has just done a -- we got a lot of market momentum. They're leading the market on the use of generative AI tools and software applications. Their net market share winners that continue to gain net market share and just to give everybody listening context, the last five to seven years has been a market share gain, right? So, we've gone from to north of 50% market share over that period of time for large law firms, and most of that share gain was on-premise. And with the advent of COVID, the large law firms decided they wanted to start the migration to the cloud. So, we've got a multiyear journey of the lift and shift from our on-premise customers to the cloud. The product is enabled and we're just beginning that migration now. Maybe this is in the second or third inning and barrier.
Neil Hunn: Scott, we would actually say we've not gotten outsized price in our software businesses over the last couple of years. Price is part of the growth algorithm that we talked about. As a general matter, right, is going to offset the attrit on the ARR base, and then we're going to cross-sell and upsell and add new to sort of get to the total growth of the business. There's been just maybe a little bit look a teeny tiny amount of price that's above normal on both the network and application software side. So, it wasn't a big benefit historically. We don't have to lap that going forward to the extent pricing were to normalize because in our case, we've been normal through the period.
Neil Hunn: Very much so. The market is -- the commentary we talked about a quarter ago was the exact same commentary today. There's just an amazing amount of pent-up demand for opportunities. I think I said last time, it's going to be 3 to 3.5 years deals compressed in a couple of years. We still believe that's the case. Interesting thing happened in the first half is that the first half deals in the market were super binary based on asset quality. A plus assets traded anything in the PP or below did not which is leading sponsors to really face the reality about value and valuations. And so, the combination of that, the pent-up demand, interest rates being higher should yield more reasonable valuations. We'll see, but we're super encouraged by both that dynamic around valuation and then just the volume of opportunities that we see. Final thing I'd say is that Janet and her team are much more proactive and proprietary in our pursuits, and that's being well received by the sponsors we're engaging with.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So, on the mix, we've been advised by Neptune for competitive reasons to sort of stay away from the specifics of the mix. Today, the market is declaratively going to static. There's a lot of benefit to static, and we believe we have a most product advantage with our static meter around being able to be accurately both high and low flow rates. Relative to the margin profile today, they're similar-ish in terms of margin profile.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So, on the Deltek side, the construction vertical, Deltek remains strong. The pipeline activity is strong. Their bookings activity is strong. Now mind you, our customer base is very much on the S&M side. They're not the enterprise. They're not the largest customers, the Deltek services. So maybe -- I mean there's a gigantic un-bended market. So even in the headwinds of maybe a little bit of slowdown when these smaller contracts are looking for efficiency, they would look to using our software to do that, which might help with some of the pressure. At ConstructConnect, this business has just been -- it's just good old-fashioned execution that has led to better outcomes there. They're going to really get choice on their strategy and making choices to focus on the trade contractors and building product manufacturers. They've done a great job enabling that strategy around the product and R&D and go-to-market sort of changes, the lead generation changes, the way they hear their demos I think we've been four quarters of double-digit bookings at ConstructConnect. And so, it's just been good old-fashioned execution there that's led to quite improved outcome here.
Neil Hunn: That's right. And just the only thing I'd add to Jason’s thought, on the software bookings is the majority, if not the vast majority of bookings are subscription or SaaS related. So, you've got the number of months left in the year, it's just hard to impact bookings in the second half or even second quarter six months left to go. So, it really is about the launch of point in AR for '25.
Neil Hunn: I'll do my best. So, as you know, Neptune makes the sense that the highest level makes two forms of meters, a static meter and mechanical meter. The static meter, we've had to add production capacity, which was successfully commissioned in the first half. So that's great news to the existing factory that we have in Alabama. The mechanical meter side, we have the capacity that's needed, but there was essentially a daily efficiency production rate that was below where it needed to be to meet the demand and deliver on the customer commitments. That's what's in the process of being countermeasure. Again, I mentioned before, this is just returning to levels of previous efficiency, not a breakthrough level of efficiency that would not get ever achieved. And so, the teams are fully contrasting this at the moment, and we expect it's beginning to resolve itself in the third quarter, and we hope and expect to resolve itself for the balance of the year.
Neil Hunn: We think it's -- we think the root cause of that is you've got a factory management team that was super focused on adding the static capacity in the first half and just got distracted or lost focus on the daily efficiency or production efficiency on the mechanical side.
