Brian Jellison: Well, we had pretty deep growth everywhere in the quarter. I mean, nothing spectacular, but the only places we were down was Brazil where we expected to be and some of the things in the Middle East which are really slow just because of the political environment and decision making, but our positions are good and solid. Everywhere else grew. So Asia was up double-digits, Europe was up 3%, Canada despite some last minute currency pressure was still up in the low single digits and the US was up a little over 5%. So you know about 65% of revenue is still domestic if you will and about 35% outside North America used to be closer to 40, but as Sunquest and MHA are essentially US businesses. So that affects the thing. But the core underlying businesses are doing well globally, really other than Japan don't have any softness anywhere in Asia. Europe's industrial activity was where we were kind of pleasantly surprised. We did particularly well in Germany and given the things that you're seeing about Germany that was – and we felt good about that and orders were strong there, and then medical did particularly well in Europe against its normal outcome.
Brian Jellison: Well, we see a lot and pursue a lot of things that are SaaS based or licensed software that we look at and those fall into very different categories. I mean, one of the things we're doing now would look more like an extension of Inovonics, which is our security business that has some very unique technology of the pendants if you look at the product fall and can't get our pendant lines of activities that we have that we don't talk a lot about. So there are sometimes things in that arena that we look at. In the industrial arena, we still really haven't seen anything that would fit our cash return on investment methodology. We're getting very strong GAAP based EPS performance out of fluid handling and when we look at other people stuff we just don't see people that have our margins. Our EBITDA margins in that segment are above 30% and most of the stuff we see comes in with gross margins at 30 and EBITDA margins at 16 and it depends on other people increasing demand to create any real leverage in the business.
Brian Jellison: Yeah, I think the thing that was encouraging about the third quarter was CCC was basically up 20% in orders and that's an area that you would be concerned about two factors. One, geopolitical risk with Russian sanctions and anybody serving anything going into those markets and then price elasticity around Brent and WTI crude or are you worried then about rig counts being less growth even than they were. Well, it turns out you know, all of our stuff is productivity related and so it's aftermarket activity or it's improving throughput. We had a very strong Cornell pump business growth with dewatering pumps. Well, if your productivity and if you read almost anything you'll see that things like Eagle Ford, their productivity is up 20%. Well that measures throughput and they need our dewatering activity for that throughput increase. So it's less dependent on new rig counts and more dependent on throughput. Price elasticity again it’s really about usually other people’s consumption of energy and their production process. So they are still interested and that going down. So we really haven't seen any early indicators either in an industrial or an energy platform that would cause us to be concerned at this point about 2015. I think that particularly with Europe up somewhat in the quarter, that we just don't see an area of softness.
Brian Jellison: Pretty much all the businesses are pretty good, as you say. I mean, we have only just a few product lines that are things that we wish were not part of the portfolio, but there are only a few of those. I think we do get bids from time-to-time from people about certain assets every once in awhile, we pursue then as a rule. It's hard to ever see those divestitures come to fruition because the after tax contribution is not a shareholder friendly result, right. So, if we were going to divest anything we'd want to assure ourselves that the cash from the disposition had an immediate and great home, I'm sure that there are some assets we own that, you know, would perform as well as they do with us in another place or if you have an asset that has maybe growth characteristics, but it's a very dilutive cash return profile and somebody else wants to invest in it and has a lot of synergies with it and we can get a fair price for it then we're certainly not above disposing of some of those kind of things. And I think a lot of people – our acquisition activity is just very intense and pricing is pretty high. So there are people who call us about possible divestures who wouldn't have called in the past as they are finding how much these things are really worth and they can't find anything else and ours are so much better. So it's certainly possible that you could see some portfolio adjustment in the next year.
Brian Jellison: Yeah. It's really at CBORD & Horizon where CBORD in particular we had the one car technology that does everything on the campus or healthcare environment and they had some particularly big transactions the last large one I think was Northeastern University up there. That sort of cycling out and the university and healthcare campus activity decisions are really slow. So quotations are there. And what happens on the projects is there is some throughput of other people’s security hardware in addition to our systems. And so if you don't get that, which we didn't have in the third quarter much of, it brings down the revenue, but actually we had better operating results because the software portion and the license maintenance activity is at much higher margins. So what we were just trying to reflect is it didn't look like revenue was really strong, but actually the OP was quite strong.
Brian Jellison: I don't see that. Interest rates for the M&A market haven't had any material change. I mean, if there's anything, it would be a little bit of people yelling at the banks that they are seven and eight types debt stables are a little out of control and maybe some of the European banks that have been doing that routinely should think about it. But the reality is we still see ridiculous amounts of debt financing on every transaction. We never see anything that’s less than seven times stable debt, despite what other people are saying it shouldn't be above five or six what is, it’s a lot above it. And there's a lot of private money available that's still happy to go in at sort of 5% kind of interest rates and still a lot of pick. So prices are as high as they've ever been. There's a huge amount of stuff for sale. I mean, we have gone through more conversations this year with people than we've ever done in our history and still it's just their – just a huge amount of them. I mean, we'll be out tomorrow and we'll be out Wednesday on two more where management presentations are very robust. I don't think private equity has pulled back by one penny. I think some of the strategics have sort of given up. But the kind of things we are looking at investing in are things that really want to be part of our company because of the nature in which we manage it and the governance process and the freedom and entrepreneurial people have to survive here. So we're not seeing any problem with the pipeline. We would like to make a larger acquisition than we have, but there are certainly no shortage of $2 million, $3 million, $4 million, $500 million transactions in front of us and the larger ones still such a frothy ability to issue equity that every – all the sellers who continue to talk to us haven't decided what they're going to do. But I think it's going to be easy for us to deploy quite a bit of capital here in the next 12 months in very attractive businesses. 
Brian Jellison: Well, I think I don't know for the full year it should be 130%. I guess I'd have to see that for the fourth quarter.
Brian Jellison: Just think about the way we think about it, right. So, we think about cash accretion, so on cash these are sort of very high margin businesses and they are growing rapidly and they are going contribute a good deal in cash in 2015.
Brian Jellison: On what some up based EPS number it is, is far less critical than whether the quality of the earnings and cash that they generate is pretty good. Johns talking about them being in the high $20 plus million of EBITDA. And so you can figure that out. If you care about a GAAP base EPS number, you can do the math. But we care about their compounding cash growth and they are going contribute well in excess of $25 million of EBITDA in 2015.
Brian Jellison: Yeah, let me just make it clear that. That I wouldn't accept the premise that Neptune's down. We just said that they had an all-time record quarter in the third quarter of last year, so might be down a $1 million or $1.5 million compared to the prior period. But they are going to have likely a record year this year and they are having a very strong first nine months of the year and then they are going to do okay in the fourth quarter. So let's be careful about how we phrase that compared to the competitive marketplace out there with other people who have old technology and have pretty mediocre revenue. 
John Humphrey: You know, iTrade continues to perform really well particularly in the US and their order management system. That's been the – and that was really the main reason that we acquired iTrade was because of the – what we thought were favorable trends in order management being able to more seamlessly connect the supply chain for fresh and perishable goods and the grocery chain and that is continuing to prove out to be the case. We've really refocused that business more on the US market and they kind of started to go outside the US and I think they got a little over their skis in terms of capability to deliver while they still had a – quite a bit of addressable market here in the US. So they are growing very nicely in the US, outside the US not quite as much and we really think that the Foodlink acquisition and the capabilities beyond the supplier side, all the way back to the farm and the organic farmer side will really help extend the offerings that iTrade is going to be able to have. So we're encouraged by the progress there.
John Humphrey: Sure. So we invested about $300 million in these three acquisitions between FoodLink, IPA, and SHP, and in total, we expect them to deliver in the high $20 million range in our first year of ownership. So we paid about 11 time, a little bit less 11 – little bit less than 11 times first year EBITDA and given the profile for these types of businesses, extremely asset light, high amount of recurring revenue, software type of margin profile, we think that we paid a fair price, but a very good price. So we're encouraged about that. In terms of revenue, and these are going to have I think after the amortization charges it will probably be similar to the Roper margin profile. So I think you're looking at somewhere in the $75 million range for first year revenue.
John Humphrey: And at the end of the day I mean, just to elaborate on that a little bit, at the end of the day CBORD is a software business. I mean, we do sell-through hardware in order to facilitate some of the security applications, but fundamentally, we look at the software and the maintenance revenue and the new license revenue out of that business as the ongoing health and growth of that business and with the lumpy projects around security that we'll add on top of that. And as Brian said we're very encouraged by the nice growth in the maintenance revenue which is really their installed base and the annuity that comes along with everything they are providing for those customers.
John Humphrey: Well, let me address the second one first and I'm basically going to address it by saying we're going have to get back to you and we don't really think of it as OE and aftermarket as much as looking at our total exposure to oil & gas knowing that most of our applications are around throughput and efficiency and quality, whether it be in the refinery side for instrumentation that are measuring quality or throughput inefficiency like our compressor controls business. We'd have a few modest applications that are more on the upstream side, but they are on the upstream production side, things like diesel engine, shut off valves, and dewatering pumps, because there's quite a bit of water that's used even on the production side in addition to the exploration side. Very little of what we have I mean, is just kind of thinking through it. Very little goes to OEMs per se other then of course knowing you have drilling people who are doing drilling applications or production applications that I guess could be qualified as an OEM, but it's not really an OEM the way I think of it in terms of larger automotive type markets. It doesn't feel like that to me as we go through all of our businesses. And then as far as the outlook on crude oil prices, I mean, we really don't see an awful lot of that. Most of the areas where we've seen delays or at least slower decision making for some of those large projects, I think they are more geopolitical in nature rather than price of oil in nature. Brazil has been slower to make decisions around some of those things. Some areas of the Middle East not quite as fast on making some investments as what we might have expected. But it doesn't change the fact that energy is still doing extremely well. Our total oil and gas related businesses, I don't have it at my finger tips, but they were clearly up in the quarter and up on a year-to-date basis despite seeing the oil price start to come down. So, it's something that we're keeping an eye on. We definitely benefit by having very lien, very nimble organizations that could act quickly, but at this point, we still see more opportunities than we see on the risk side.
John Humphrey: Yeah, fourth quarter should be in the range of $250 million of operating cash flow and let me take 10 off for CapEx, so that's how we spend on a per quarter basis. So we'll spend $40 million of CapEx roughly this year. So that I think keeps our full year operating cash flow conversion well above 130%.
John Humphrey: Yeah, it will be in that same range. When the nature of this right of course we have non-cash amortization charges…
John Humphrey: And you always need to add those thing and tax effect those, but then add those back and so that gives us the natural increase in our operating cash flow well above the net earnings contribution.
John Humphrey: Sure. I mean, the general trend in the industry is clearly is to purchase meters along with the technology embedded in that. So it's not too completely different streams and oftentimes you have water utilities that will decide to upgrade a project. And so you'll have collectors, as well as devises to be able to collect that information. So you have the collectors that will gather the readings and send them back to the central office and also mobile communication devises. But as a rule, most of the revenue for Neptune is going to be the meter technology, plus the radio and embedded encoder technology. So you can gather all that information and be able to send it back to someone. And usually those are not purchased separately. And so we're having a split, I mean, still over two thirds probably closer to 75% of the new shipments for Neptune, the new revenue is the integrated meter or some integrated technology rather than just a meter that goes out that's still being direct read. And so that's where we see the market continuing to trend with the total systems purchase rather than the individual pieces. 
John Humphrey: Sure. I mean, for this segment in total, it's not at all much very dissimilar. What you have is our medical products and medical software businesses, Sunquest and MHA, as well as our Verathon and other businesses. Those are probably a little more skewed to the United States. But our Imaging businesses are more global in nature. So when you look at the segment in total it's about 70% US, 30% outside the US, but the differentiation there is that our outside the US portion is more imaging in our camera businesses rather than our medical businesses. That's still – and we're growing very nicely in medical even with US focus and still see the international opportunities still ahead of us. 
John Humphrey: Yeah, we didn't spend anything the first half of the year and we did the $303 million in the third quarter.
John Humphrey: We will really never know the timing, Alex. I mean, we had the diligence that we do is very time consuming and everybody that's been through our process understands. So while we can process a lot of stuff simultaneously. We're almost always looking at least four things at any point in time and you just never know whether they get into the finish line. We don't have a budget for acquisitions and we always want to do the best thing as opposed to just doing something. So when you get to acquire something like IPA and SHP, I mean, we have one of the thought leaders in the world with probably running SHP and some phenomenal business very, very, very exciting for us to do that and we could have done a couple of other things that would have had larger revenue, but don't have the compound cash growth that we like. So it's very important for the acquired management team to be able to fit into our culture. People have a good deal of freedom, but for the same token they've got to have a thorough understanding of cash return and where we want to exploit multiple channels of distribution and how we think pricing should go and how you should invest in R&D. And candidly most people don't have those values. They just wait for cyclical markets to change. But our people have to really evolve markets and they've got to have a long-term view of what it is they're doing because they are the ones that are driving the applications in the marketplace.
John Humphrey: Well some do some don't. It really depends on – when the private equity guys own the business, if the management team will not convey to a new private equity owner then the private equity guys have to behave very differently. Sometimes the management people have a desire to go through and 5 year situation where they can't invest in the future and hope for an exit that will be okay, but the kind of people that want to work here don't think that way. They've been inside private equity for awhile. They want to invest to grow their business over the long-term and we're a great home for people who want to invest and grow over the long-term.
John Humphrey: Oh! We could double certainly from where it is today. Its got – it has some sophisticated process equipment that's running three shifts, but most of the activity is only on a one or a shift and a half basis and the people that we're providing product to are releasing more and more of their content and a lot of what they are doing in Houston is called relining of these drill bits. And so, it's not – you know, and the answer, it’s really on the exploration side that has to drive their growth as long as they're continuing to operate. These things have got to come back to be willing because they wear and that’s the Houston thing is a big relining operation.
John Humphrey: Thank you, Kayla, and thank you all for joining us. We look forward to talking to you in late January when we release our fourth quarter numbers.
