John Humphrey: Sure. Thanks, Brian. The Northern Digital acquisition that really adds to our growing medical platform using both sensors as well as cameras is the leading provider for both optical and electromagnetic tracking systems and in minimally invasive surgery where you really had to have very precise application of treatment in a nonline-of-sight situation. You really need to know exactly where the treatment is being applied. And Northern Digital provides the technology and the systems that allow the doctor to be able to do that. And this is really going into a part of the medical market that is growing very quickly around image-guided and minimally invasive surgery. And it really has a couple of different parts to it. You can see it's about 90% medical, and it's about 60% systems and 40% consumables. The consumables are the spheres, these very high-tech optical spheres that really provide the 3D location information back to the doctor. It's a unique and patented technology. It has asset-light business model as all of our acquisitions do. Really comes with a very strong and experienced management team led by Jamie Frazier. And it's once again a very nice addition to our growing medical platform and really in the image-guided part of our medical platform. You'll hear us talk about ultrasound applications with Verathon, ultrasound type of applications with CIVCO. This is another situation where the image-guided surgery is building on that ultrasound technology. So it's a very nice addition for us.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Brian to talk about the new guidance for the year.
John Humphrey: Sure. Yes, I can do that. The organic growth by segment for industrial technology was 23%. For the medical and imaging, it was 12%. For RF Technology, it was 13% and for our energy systems and controls it's 18%.
John Humphrey: Deane, it is true that we do most of the deployments during the summer months. However, because of the software recognition rules that we have and the fact that we really sell the software on a 1-year license basis, we actually defer that revenue over a 12-month period. So there's a little bit of benefit during the installation phase associated with the products. But by and large, CBORD is a software business. It accounts for well over 2/3 of their revenue is software and naturally spread ratably over the year. So the growth that we're seeing there is not because of installations. It's because of new wins and the continued deployment of software into other areas like security application in a campus environment.
John Humphrey: Well, I think it validates that not everybody has picked up on how valuable all of our software-as-a-service solution businesses are. I mean, these businesses in public markets routinely trade at 20x to 25x enterprise by EBITDA. And the last time I looked, we weren't quite there yet in our multiple. So we just encourage people to realize how important these businesses are and how valuable they are. Eventually, I think maybe somebody will catch up to us on that. So we see a lot of upside for recognition on what we're doing and how we're doing it.
John Humphrey: Sure. In effect, China represents one of the BRIC countries. Obviously, China is the largest for us and we have a variety of things that we're doing there, both selling sort of our industrial products, whether it be our sensors and instruments for the plastic and latex businesses or our marine applications out of AMOT and valves there. And if they continue to adopt more safety standards, we look at that as a growing opportunity for some of our diesel engine safety systems as well as some of the compressed controllers. So we'll continue to be there. We have people on the ground there. We have direct sales force looking at applications there, but it's a growth area as are many other areas where our technology can be applied. It's not going to be the sole or even major driver for our growth going forward.
John Humphrey: Second half tax rate, we're expecting to be in the range of 30%, bringing the full year to also in the range of 30%. So kind of through the first half we're at 30.4%. And then just timing related, we probably expect Q3 to be a little bit better than that, and Q4 we'll have to see.
John Humphrey: Sure. I mean what we've said about that is that revenue should be in the $50 million to $60 million range for the next 12 months. It's been growing substantially as more image-guided surgery utilizes the equipment and the consumables that they have and so we expect their double-digit growth rate to continue at least for the next few years and we'll have to look at it beyond that. But all of the trends with their technology and the trends in the marketplace around having less invasive, more image-guided surgery are favorable for them.
John Humphrey: No, it's not actually around how much activity is running through their network. It's really around how many people are subscribed. So think of it as a subscription-type business and the more that their customers will deploy this to their suppliers. So it's really around how quickly the customers are able to bring their suppliers onto the network, which is not a huge technical challenge. It's really a business process challenge for the customer, not really for iTrade. So our growth is, a, dependent on getting new customers which we continue to do, and then how quickly those customers roll this solution out to their supply base.
John Humphrey: From an organic standpoint, it was about 8% up and the book-to-bill ratio was just over -- under 1%.
John Humphrey: Thank you, Jennifer. And thank you, all, for joining us this morning. We looking forward to talking to you again in October.
B. Jellison: Thanks, John. We turn that page. So we're raising guidance, most importantly, on our cash flow. We now think that operating cash flow should exceed $575 million for the full year. Our full year DEPS number now is going to be $4.20 to $4.30, which includes the GAAP $0.05 from Q2, and that's up from $3.97 to $4.12 last quarter. In the third quarter, we expect to earn between $1.05 and a $1.09, which is up about 25% from the $0.87 that we earned in the third quarter last year. And I'd remind you actually that third quarter last year was an exceptionally strong quarter. So we think that's quite good performance around the guidance going forward given the strength of last year's third quarter. Next slide. If we look at how Q2 then shapes up in terms of a summary, we wound up with all-time historical quarter performance for any quarter in our history, even better than the fourth quarter of last year for order sales, backlog and operating cash flow. The very broad-based momentum throughout the enterprise, we have a number of small niche P&Ls and almost all of them are up. Total sales growth at 23%, the gross margin up 70 basis points. Operating margin, where you can really see the leverage, was up 240 basis points. So on the incremental, operating margin against the incremental sales, our leverage in the quarter was 34%. EBITDA, because of the noncash amortization that hits the OP margin, EBITDA was up higher at 280 basis points to 28.5% and that excludes the remeasurement gain. Of course, if we kept that in there under GAAP we'd have even higher leverage. So the leverage on EBITDA was 40% of the new revenue. Record backlog ended the quarter at $872 million. We raised the guidance to $4.20 to $4.30. And I think most importantly, when you see what's happening here is that our niche business focus continues to deliver these outstanding results. When so many people concentrate on what are you going to do about the BRICS? What are you doing about that? What are you doing this? Our sales into the BRICS were about 5% of revenue in the second quarter this year and they were about 5% of revenue in the second quarter last year, maybe a little less. So that's helpful, but that's not what's absolutely required for us to continue to grow. It was another just terrific quarter and we're positioned of course for a record year.  And with that, I think we can open up to Q&A.
B. Jellison: Well, we won this major project in Europe. We -- I don't know if we're ever going to be able to say who it is until somebody figures that out. It's getting business -- it's like dealing with some of our favorite customers here in the U.S. who never want us to say anything. But it's a big deal and we have to improve our infrastructure there to do that. I think that we're learning that trying to do that out of our U.S. locations is a little bit difficult. So getting global reach and the integration around the global reach is we're moving at a very fast pace and adding executive talent to help us in Europe in that respect. And we felt as we've been going through the business that some of the projects that people were looking at were a little less exciting, we felt, than getting the global growth out of the core business. So we've encouraged them to worry a little less about certain types of things and invest more in the things that they can really control and I think that, that'll produce really good results for us in 2012.
B. Jellison: Well, we're a little excited about that ourselves. But the economy, to be fair, I mean the industrial business, that portion of the economy has recovered, and the energy business is certainly recovering even though it should be better in the second half.
B. Jellison: I think that's the difference between having products that are really mature products and looking for geographic expansion with those mature products versus ourselves, which are primarily solution providers with a lot of application engineering and very few standard products. And so in order for us to -- let's take India, for instance, where our bid activity and channel development is expanding most rapidly. Again, our markets are pretty small, right? So it's pretty hard to make a major investment in India that might drive $10 million in growth for 3 of the pump companies. It's just not pragmatic and the things that we do are so application-specific that you probably got to have to rely on local distribution for what happens, and we're probably the most conservative people you'll meet on how we look at distribution channels and assuring that we're very comfortable with all the activity that create revenue in these countries.
B. Jellison: Oh, we can't speak to the competitors. But I believe that those people who haven't yet figured out a source for a lead-free water meter will be doing so pretty quickly. Check out that shedthelead.com/video/ for 4.5 minutes. It's quite interesting and it's a nontechnical video. It's actually been made for municipal water companies. There's thousands of these in the country and for them to kind of understand the innuendo that's been occurring the last couple of years is a bit difficult. This is a very simple way of trying to get people to say, oh gee, now I get it.
B. Jellison: Well, it's different in the 2 cases. In the case of Roper pump, it affects growing operations. In the case of Cornell, it's dewatering pumps. When you get to energy, it's more around our what we call a DESS [ph] business, which is -- are these control technologies to assure that the diesel engines shut off. And we continue to work both with OSHA here in the U.S. and various agencies around the world about the importance of these shutoff valves and the recognition continues to grow, and we've got the best mousetrap on this in the world. So that's helping us a lot. So certainly, any place you're going to have oil shale activity, we're going to get benefited in energy and real directly in our fluid handling business.
B. Jellison: Yes, I'd say that we've done a great job in managing through the cost increases in copper. I mean, I can remember when it used to be $0.74 a pound or something, and here it is at $4.39. And now, there's almost 2 pounds of copper in every meter, so it's a big deal when you got a product that maybe sells for $20 or something. So we would give them great credit for how they're performing. Now we continue to make a commitment that we're going to have lead-free water meters that are bronze-based technologies as opposed to some people who are looking at going to plastic, which we think is a long way from being a safe installation project for people. In the pump businesses, we generally have enough pricing power that if we've got cost-push inflation on materials side that we can pass that through and not mark it up, it's almost just a separate side matter of things. So it hasn't really hurt us in any event. I think we continue to get leverage as revenue goes up, so on the OP line you could see we got 34% leverage in the quarter. And in both industrial and energy, we don't have very much noncash amortization that's coming off of those. So that kind of 30%, 35% leverage, I think, continues with us. That ought to be a perpetual opportunity as long as revenue is expanding.
B. Jellison: Well, we think about 2 different things maybe. I'm not sure we understand your question. CBORD is primarily focused on college and university environments, so it wouldn't matter whether that was a state school or a private institution. Horizon is focused on elementary education and K through 12, and there, most of that business is public business. It's really driven by nutrition management and by sorting out how much the free lunch program is going to be paid for individual people and the proof of that. And so Horizon has very large public institution contracts like Dallas, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, things like that and bids large contracts in that arena and then also does somewhat smaller domain places as well.
B. Jellison: Well, let's say from a software -- we continue to see a lot of opportunities in what we call network technologies. And it's a very ironic thing about -- as we look at all of our businesses on a niche basis and we want to keep focused on a P&L basis and customer profitability basis, I think we do a great job in that arena. And as a result of their kind of customer intimacy, they don't lend themselves to forced synergies from a physical asset basis. So in our pump, we've got a great centrifugal pump company, we got a great piston pump company. You can't put those factories together, they fundamentally do different kind of things. In the network arena, that's actually not true. I mean it's very ironic, but in fact they're doing a lot of data storage, they've got a lot of things that are really quite similar in the back end of an enterprise that you can nimbly get a lot of synergies around. So it's absolutely positive to get cost synergies out of software network businesses that we can't get out of the industrial and energy businesses. So that makes them pretty attractive. And as long as these small network opportunities are available, we think it's an attractive place to invest. Now we're not trying to turn Roper into a single-use software network application company, so we believe our focus around that has been opportunistic. They generate more cash than the other businesses do and they require less assets and they virtually never have anything that depreciates, and their assets go home at night. And as long as you motivate them, you get a wonderful cash-on-cash return over a long period of time. Today, John, I don't know if you've provided much guidance around overall revenue, but that it's getting to be certainly a very significant portion of the RF business. At some point, we're going to split this out for you so that you'll see the tolling business completely separate from all the rest of the RF business. That's something I expect we would probably do for 2012, so that it's easier for everybody to see the variance in the 2 because you do have this terribly lumpy TransCore order input situation that's up terrifically in Q1 and down a little bit in Q2, but over the first half of the year it's double-digit growth. But it certainly makes it confusing. So we just have to do a few things to get that in place to be able to respond to your question clearly, which we'll do for next year.
B. Jellison: Well, the M&A landscape, we think people that are doing public company deals continue to generally overpay for them. We've had a lot of stuff in the pipeline. I think that it's not necessarily that we're focused on the medical product arena and the network software arena, but that's what we're seeing more of than other assets. We haven't seen energy assets other than very small bolt-on type things that we think have been priced at a level that we'd be comfortable with. And the industrial asset arena, we continue to grow internally for the most part as opposed to looking at asset acquisitions. So I think that the next acquisitions you'll see from us are likely to be in network technology or additional medical build-out.
B. Jellison: We'll have better, but we would expect to have better growth in Q3 on a revenue basis than we would in Q4, and our guidance really would indicate that. So if markets were as good as they've been recently and trends continue, then maybe there'd be some upside in Q4. But our view is Q3 is going to be better than we would have originally expected. Q2 was better than we certainly expected. So both Q3 and 4 are very difficult comps. We had just a blowout in the fourth quarter last year it's going to be tough to do substantially better than that. But we've had other tough challenges, too.
B. Jellison: It's been lower than what we would've liked to have seen. But on the other hand, there were a couple things that they were doing in data analytics that are interesting to do. But they've got an absolutely great core program and we'd like to see that core program grow and expand rapidly, and so I think they probably could have grown a little better than they have, so we've been refocusing on what we consider to be the most important customer opportunities. They're probably running a few million under what we would have expected that they would do, but it's still a fantastic group of people and a wonderful business and it's already created a lot of shareholder value, and it will create more in the future.
B. Jellison: Well, the worst margins are always going to be in the transport traffic segment, which is heavy administrative activity, violation processing and lane expansion and moving traffic lights and those type of things. Whenever we have growth in the other portions of the activity at much faster rate than those business grow, then we get a whole lot better contribution because, I mean, you're looking at an order of magnitude several times the difference there. So the other thing that's happening, of course, is we get more embedded growth out of the software businesses at the expense of the TransCore tolling and traffic business, and so as you get that, you get a higher margin capture and better cash. And lastly, when the tag shipments occur, then that tends to be better than the administrative margin activity does. So the administrative activity hasn't grown. In fact, it was down a little bit, I believe, in the second quarter year-over-year and so that's bad news on revenue, good news on margins.
B. Jellison: I think you probably got to wait for another quarter or 2. I mean we're finished with the -- the trials are completed and done and accepted on Heartscape, but it takes a while to get that into the marketplace. The reaction has been very favorable to people as we explain it to them and demo it at hospitals. But we're not going to provide guidance on that for another probably 2 quarters.
B. Jellison: Well, each one will be a bit different, right? I mean Neptune clearly has been up double digits in the first half of the year. Some of the other public companies, they either have debt or publicly traded have reported degradation in numbers. So whether that's project related or us gaining share is always hard to answer, but we've certainly been outperforming people this year, so I'd say they're gaining share. But I think, for us, what we're encouraged by is we ought to gain more share in the future because I think we've got a clearly superior lead-free technology to people. On the Technolog front, I mean that's something that certainly gains share, but it's like a turnkey thing and then you fill it out right, so it's doing fine. On CBORD, it's certainly -- I believe most people would agree that it has gained share at the expense of people with universities that it's taken over that used to be covered by different folks. So it's definitely gaining share. I think it's so focused rather than being somebody that's in a diverse area. I think we're really proud of the team we have and the customer intimacy they have and the follow-up they have with customers and their ability to get things integrated online. So I think they'll continue to gain share. And I'd say the same with Horizon. The Horizon activity is very better than we would have hoped for given the difficulty with educational spending. I think if you ever got any relief around funding in the K through 12 arena, which you may or may not get, if you get it, it's probably because of nutrition. We see a lot of build-out opportunities where we can do things beside the meal platform of what happens in K through 12 education around data gathering, and we have a number of new software developments that we're putting in place around how a school can manage its kind of inflow of cash from families. Our MealpayPlus program, it's a homerun, but it can get applied to a lot of new avenues, and they're working hard on that now.
B. Jellison: Freight Matching continues to be a spectacular business. It's doing well. It's got growth this year. It's certainly having all of its normalized renewals that continue, so not a massive revenue number but a fantastic cash-on-cash growth number and we're very glad to own it.
