Brian Jellison: In the fourth quarter, I think it ran 37% for operating leverage. There's a lot of amortization and these are non-cash. And so I think John can walk you through the forward mile, but we may be conservative. I hope we're conservative, but it is what it is. I think we're still -- I’m still flummoxed by the tax rate because we've got Sunquest and MHA which are our fastest growing businesses paying 40% tax. All right, John, go ahead.
Brian Jellison: Everything is for sale at the moment. I don't think I’ve ever seen as many properties that are for sale. Also, we have never seen private equity as aggressive as they are. On pricing, we’re still getting 7, 7.5 times debt staples on everything that's out there. I think putting it a little bit equity and it lines up with pretty high stuff. We remain really disciplined. I think that we will do, we would expect to do a large acquisition in 2014. We never have a timeline established about whether that's any particular point in time, but we're sitting here with a net debt to EBITDA like 1.9 times and we’re already going to generate about $800 million, $900 million or more of new cash. So we're very well positioned to be able to do $1 billion plus type acquisition. In the last several months, we’ve actually looked at a number of things that we thought would be quite in the $400 million to $600 million arena, but it is remarkable what some people have paid.  We walked away from two deals, one that looked attractive, but somebody paid 22 times trailing for it, and the other one somebody paid 23 times trailing. I don’t think that’s a new standard, but it just shows you the assets we're looking at are highly, highly sought after. So they always have to fit through this perfect hole we have. So the management teams needs to want to be part of Roper and we need one -- we need that management team to -- we want to have them be part of Roper. We have looked at a couple of very large transactions, larger than we’ve done previously, and I wouldn't rule that out. So I think the pipeline is more than adequate. It’s a more competitive process than it has been for a long time and as long as high yield debt is in our view mispriced, that’s going to be headwind for everybody.
Brian Jellison: Not for Zetec. A lot of Zetec is service work and the rest are probes that are now used and those are reasonable margin business banks anyway. It's just -- we had things that were going to start up that didn't. Of course, that really caused us to change our view in the third quarter. Orders came back stronger than we expected, even though they're flattish, but they're not going down. And we had a one-time large thing that happened in the fourth quarter with Zetec, so to be able to recover from that, which was a sale in the prior year of some assets. That was a big deal. On the Imaging front, the orders picking up 12% was a pleasant surprise. So what if anything's changed about the government investments and what's going to happen in academic research and changes with NIH, and more funding perhaps in 2014. It's hard to say, but all those businesses appear to be past their worst performance pattern. We've made a couple of people changes inside those businesses that hopefully are paying off already. So we'll see, but it should not be a drag on 2014.
Brian Jellison: Software, the (inaudible) -- if you look at the application software businesses, I always say -- yeah, I'll put TransCore into this activity, because all the ITS stuff, just like we had a press release. We announced that we're doing special traffic analytics and controlling all the red lights in a huge area around Sunday’s Super Bowl. You can't do that without software. Now there's human involvement too. So you're not making a disc and sending it out, but it is application software and ITS is probably our large dollar revenue business. So I didn't include it in there, John hence did not include it in there. So it depends who you ask, but as far as I'm concerned --
Brian Jellison: If you look just like the SaaS businesses, pure software businesses, we get more than a fourth of the Company's EBITDA out of that. In reality, you really look at all of our application Software businesses, Compressor Controls for instance is an application software business. It would be much closer to half or more of the total family of activity. Here, you didn't ask but it's a more interesting thing. We've been looking at these GICS codes for a variety of reasons and we have a GICS code established, which is electronic components or electrical components. So we looked at that. We don't have a single Roper business that's in that category, not one.  So, Forrest ranking them, our biggest area is application software. Our next biggest area is health care systems. Our next biggest area is health care products and then an equivalent thing, the line of electronic instrumentation that would be more like the adjunct type of activity and not much of that goes into Industrial activity. And then we've got about somewhere between 11% and 13% that goes into Energy equipment because really our fluid handling businesses are much more oriented around Energy activity, particularly with fracing now than they used to be. And so the core industrial concept of making stuff for OEMs or making the industrial product is less than 5% of the enterprise now.
Brian Jellison: Margins are remarkably similar other than the pure software businesses. I mean, they are all pretty good. It's like EBITDA in Industrial, 32%, right. So the lower margin business would be Imaging which is a relatively small part of the total, but if you're still looking at mid-20s in Imaging. So as things grow, the big issue with mix is if we've done instead of software or hardware applications in Radio Frequency with TransCore, you get into design issues and some actual human labor in getting things installed, which all is bad margin business, but it’s part of the price you pay for the total. So some of those are really teens type margins and others would be broker type margins.
Brian Jellison: '13 had these three unusual things in it. So we had the customer issue at Neptune, the non-recurring multiyear contract and we've gotten through that. So, it's no longer a negative. So that helps organic for this next year. We had Zetec, which was a second half of the year negative that was impossible to predict, it can't get worse literally, so, we're in pretty good shape there. Then, we had a vendor issue in the second quarter which we've never had in the time I've been here and that's behind us. We've eaten that. So that will, on a GAAP basis I think we're going to look quite strong in 2014 versus '13. We had most of our business reviews for '14 and I think we all walk away feeling like there's a lot of optimism in the field. But our guidance is conservative because of this $0.20 tax hit, right. So $6.05 to $6.25 is the equivalent of $6.45. So it's the tax that's causing us the angst of going into 2014.
Brian Jellison: This is a really small business and this business is well under $100 million in total revenue, and half of its sensors that get used to different stuff. So, there is very little materiality in that. It really is just – I don't think there's much that would happen globally or would have any material effect on Roper in any way around Zetec. This year for the full year it's certainly pulled down the Energy segment quite a bit. But Zetec is less than 10% of the Energy segment, and half of it is really sensors that can be used in all other kinds of industrial activity, and half or 60% in nuclear. So it's just not material.
Brian Jellison: As in relates to Sunquest, they're continuing to build capacity -- human capacity to help people with their implementations. And so those implementations things are directly related to how quick client can get it installed. So, they're less time sensitive as opposed to say, it's got to get done in the year types of projects. It certainly involves manpower in the hospital, involves manpower in us and we've been building those teams very, very fast. So I think if the clients are ready to start implementing off those orders, this is a year we'll have double-digit revenue growth and order growth may or may not reach that. So the backlog is really what provides so much safety around Sunquest double-digit growth this year.
Brian Jellison: Yeah. We were looking at that preparing for the call. I mean, we've already entered the year with about a third of the full year backlog accomplished. So you'd still have to book and ship two-thirds of the full year's guidance on revenue within the year itself. We do have a lot more recurring revenue. So what we don't report -- we only report orders if they're going to ship within a 12-month period. So there's a lot of backlog that we never identify as backlog until the cycle has come up for the year. So we know there's a lot of recurring revenue, particularly in Radio Frequency and in Medical. So the book and ship is more around Industrial and Energy. And in the application software side of the business in Energy, we can look very easily at six months out, maybe even eight months out. So it's the rest of those businesses which maybe 35% in the enterprise that are booked and shipped within a quarter.
John Humphrey: So it's true that Sunquest and MHA are our fastest growing businesses, but as you know their revenue base isn't all that large. So on a V basis that's definitely nice and of course on a cash basis it's even better. But we also do expect to have growth across the enterprise, not just in our software business. So we're expecting to see continued growth in our RF segment, particularly in the first half as we complete some of the projects that we have going on, and of course project revenue comes in a little lighter than some of our product revenue and definitely lighter than our software revenue. But I think that -- I think the 35% to 40% is right down the middle with respect to what we've been able to demonstrate and what we see as far as the backlog and the growth and where it's coming from in '14.
John Humphrey: So, the second part first. Yes, there are always things that we’re looking at, nothing that we’ve really baked into the guidance for '14 yet. But just to break down the increase in the tax rate, about half of it, so we're going from 29% up to call it 31% to 31.5% range. About half of that increase is just changes in U.S. tax law, which is the R&D tax credit not being extended into 2014, and combined with last year, we had the benefit of not only 2013, but also 2012 for R&D tax credit and a variety of other things that were expended on January 1 of '13. So they rolled into '13 instead of being in '12. So, that's about half of the increase.  We did have some tax planning initiatives that benefitted 2013 that are not expected to continue and the rest of it is the mix that Brian was talking about. We're just growing faster in the U.S. and that's where we expected to see the growth coming from in '14 and the marginal tax rate in the U.S. approaches 40%. So that pushes our tax rate up a little bit also. But we have things that we're looking at. We have projects that we're evaluating in ways to obviously always in compliance with the law but to be able to minimize taxes wherever we can and we'll update you as some of those are successful.
John Humphrey: So I would probably say yes to both of those things. We'd be looking at some level of acquisitions, like that's a part of our normal ongoing corporate activity. It will go up and down though. So it may not always hit in every single quarter. So I think building that in on an annual basis is fine, but being able to predict when that's going to happen on a quarterly basis is not quite as easy. Now also, a piece of the growth on a year-over-year basis, more so than our sequential basis is the increase in our stock price and the associated increase in equity and expense associated with that. We hope to continue that as well.
John Humphrey: It's a good question. The last year -- Q1 was negative organic of 3% on orders and Q2 was plus 1% and Q3 was plus 3% and Q4 was plus 4%. So I think we view our organic ought to be in this 4% to 7% throughout the year. It’s plus or minus 5% every quarter. So we don't see massive trend change. We do have a -- we should have a decent first quarter with some of the project work that we're doing. So I don't think there's a huge seasonality variant there versus whatever seasonality we have we'd expect it to be up 5%, 6%, 7% quarter-over-quarter throughout the year.
John Humphrey: Yeah, I think that's true. So let’s think about that easy comp for a second. So that easy comp really was our Neptune business which had a lost customer. So it showed the decline, particularly in the first two or three quarters last year. So we do expect Industrial to be very good against a relatively easy comp in the first quarter. Other parts of our enterprise, particularly as we're building capacity around implementations at Sunquest, introduction of a couple of new products, the Verathon, as well as continuing to build momentum in the project work in our Energy Systems business, particularly in the CCC application software business. So those areas are probably a little bit more toward the back end. So, we have the easier comp on the Industrial in the first half, but more of a ramp-up that we see towards the backend on Energy and Medical, specifically.
John Humphrey: So once again, with our expectation around leverage of being somewhere between 35% and 40%, that gives continued opportunity for margin expansion. Now, that’s not necessarily true for every single business, right, some of our businesses are operating at 60% plus margins. We're not looking for margin expansion there. We're looking for more growth, but for those businesses they're operating a little below our overage, as they continue to grow, they bring the margin profile up accordingly and that's really where we see in most of the opportunity on the leverage and margin expansion side.
John Humphrey: There was really no difference on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis for MHA at this point. I think we disclosed when we acquired the business that it was a very healthy margin, 2 times the Company average on an EBITDA basis. I'll have to get back with you on exactly how much the amortization is associated with that, but I think you can probably get there just in terms of the change in amortization from Q2 to Q3, but we'll follow-up with you on that specific question.
John Humphrey: Thank you, Mary and thank you, all for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you in another three months.
