Jason Conley: Yes I would just say our software bookings were up high single digits year-over-year in the quarter. So that just put some math behind what he was saying.
Jason Conley: I take the first one. Yes. So they're tracking on their forecast. As you know, they're a business that has large renewals in the third and fourth quarter. And so we'll expect the business to pick up sequentially in the second half but there are definitely on track for their revenue and EBITDA numbers of $370 million, $175 million.
Jason Conley: Yes, that's right. We're on track to deliver north of 30% free cash flow. As I mentioned, the second half is going to be better than the first half with the renewals at Frontline. But yes, we're still on track there.
Jason Conley: Sure. Yes, I can take that, Steve. So yes, the deferred revenue is down or, I guess, the consumption of cash in the first quarter because of Frontline, right? So they -- you'll see that spike back up in the third quarter with those renewals. It was, overall, deferred revenue outside of that was in line with expectations. It was fairly flat to the fourth quarter. And then on taxes, we typically make 2 tax payments: federal tax payments in the second quarter and then one in the third and one in the fourth. So we will expect Q2 to be down sequentially but up year-over-year. And then just overall, for the full year, as I mentioned earlier, just north of 30% free cash flow margin, so on track there.
Jason Conley: Yes, that's right. I mean, we thought EBITDA margins were in line with expectations in the first quarter and we did have those implementations. Also, CBORD had some large integrated security pull-ins, they finally got some parts for some of those projects. But for the second quarter, we're expecting it to be about the same and then it will pick back up in the second half. So you can expect EBITDA margins to be about flat year-over-year.
Jason Conley: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about it, Joe. A little bit more of a burn in Q2 -- or Q1, a little less in Q2 and then a big cash inflow in Q3 and a little bit of cash in Q4.
Jason Conley: The only cash we get, Alex, is we'll have a distribution to us for the tax liability of the sale. But most of the cash is going to stay in the business. So we'll get that cash whenever it closes, sometime in the second half.
Neil Hunn: Yes. There's 3 parts to this -- macro parts to this segment. There's Neptune, medical products and then a couple of small RF product businesses, all 3, they have and -- we, at corporate, sort of increased the outlook for the balance of the year. Neptune has just continued incredible order growth and then terrific performance out of the factory at Neptune which gives us confidence that they can chew into a little bit more of the backlog than we maybe originally thought coming into the year. At the medical product businesses, as we all know, last year, medical procedure volumes were down in the 7% to 8% range. We plan for that to continue this year. It's actually been a little bit better than that and that flowed through at Verathon, CIVCO directly and less directly through NDI. And then the Inovonics and RF Ideas, the RF product businesses, have been riddled with supply chain challenges and coming into the year. We assume those would continue and they meaningfully improved in Q1. So it's a little bit uplift across the board that gives us the confidence to take the guide up in that segment.
Neil Hunn: Yes. DAT grew in the quarter. Year-over-year, it grew sequentially. So -- but there is a link. It's an indirect link. We're not paid per mile driven, we're not paid on any utilization metric. It's a fixed subscription on both the broker side and the carrier side. The reason DAT historically tends to be less cyclical than the market in which it operates, a couple of things. One is you have this tension between the cyclical nature and the secular growth driver, where the spot market is just winning more market share of the total freight volumes. So you have more volume generally coming into the spot market over the long arc of time. And the simple version for why that is, is because the spot market is becoming more liquid or easier to transact in as it tech enables itself, of which DAT is a participant and enabler of that. The second thing is understanding the dynamic between what the role the spot market plays in a booming versus a waning market, where in the -- and it's about the pricing dynamic between contract pricing and spot pricing. Spot pricing changes daily, contract pricing changes on a rolling year basis. And so when the market is very hot, you obviously have more demand for carriers and there is supply, rates up in the spot market. It invites capacity addition. And that's what's driven DAT's growth for the last couple of 3 years as you have more carriers coming into the market. When the freight market slows, you actually have spot pricing below that of contract and you actually, at that moment, start seeing some of the contract freight come into the spot market so the shippers can save money. So it provides you a floor for the demand of carriers. And so historically, DAT grows very nicely in upmarket and grow slower in the downmarket for those couple of reasons.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I mean -- there's a lot of tech currents and cross currents in this space. At the core of it, today, I still think on average, there's between 8 and 10 phone calls that go between a broker and a carrier to actually broker a load. Obviously, what we're all trying to do is take that to 0. DAT is a big part of their product road map is to tech enable that. So there's AI in the match, there's AI in the routing, there's AI in future trucks going from Cincinnati, Chicago, it's going to be there on Tuesday at 3. How does it have a pickup in Chicago back to where it wants to go 4 hours later or whatever the time frame is. There's a lot of AI that can go into that. But the principle, the true unlock for the industry is to take the -- make the match more efficient and that's where most of the technology investment is going today.
Neil Hunn: Yes. And as it relates to the new products and a couple of new leaders, we're certainly excited to have Bill a new CFO, Scott, our new COO; and Curtis, the new Chief Client Operations Officer joined. It's often case times the case. There's a few leadership changes that happen in the first year or so of ownership. And so that was expected, we're excited to have this team. It's an incredible group that's joined us. The thing that we -- that I'm particularly excited about and proud of in the first couple of quarters of ownership of Frontline is the strategic choice they've made. As a pattern we see from a lot of companies that come out of private equity is very limited choice that's made, so they try to do too many things and not do them well. And so very quickly, Frontline doubled down on client experience and R&D productivity and actually made a choice to take a little bit of resource out of go-to-market which makes complete sense when you have 85% or 90% coverage of the customers. And the entire strategy or the principal here strategy is to focus on cross-selling, up-selling. You need to deliver a tremendous experience, hence, to focus on client experience and need to be able to innovate and sell them more products, hence the deployment to R&D. So we love the choice that's been made there and excited for what that yields in the future.
Neil Hunn: Sure. So ConstructConnect, as we talked about in the past, tends to be a countercyclical business. For those that are less familiar, ConstructConnect for simplicity has a near perfect database of every commercial construction project that's in the planning phase. And so if you're a general contractor, a trade contractor, a building product manufacturer, you're generally quite interested in understanding for planning purposes, for bidding a project purposes what's in the stage of development planning. When the construction market is quite hot, general contractors and subs have more work that they can do. There's less utility and value in paying a subscription fee for future projects that are in the queue. When the amount of work starts to slow down, there is increased utility in that. So when I look back and back test ConstructConnect over a couple of cycles, it has a clear countercyclical demand behavior attached to it. So the market, we think, will be coming to it. As a general matter, ConstructConnect has maybe modestly underperformed our hopes. It's been more of a low single-digit growth business. Our expectation is that it should be mid. And we're quite confident with the current strategy that will climb to there and get to there. We have a great leader that came out from Deltek a couple of years ago, Matt Straza, the operational discipline, the strategy, the go-to-market sort of prowess is just at the next level. And so we're quite confident that we're going to be able to reach our expectations of mid there. CliniSys has been nothing short of great. Simpson, who's been -- who has integrated the U.S. Sunquest business with the European business, has just done that almost without error. It's been terrific. The business grew. The combined business grew in the quarter. We haven't been able to say that for quite some time given the drag of the U.S. business. We continue to be just tremendously strong in the U.K. As you know, we're 1 of 3 or 4 strategic IT vendors to the NHS as we run something like 80% or 85% of the laboratory network in the U.K. The pan-European strength continues. For instance, we run the largest health system in France, in APP, the Paris system. And in the U.S., some of the strength comes from the fact that we now have a product offering that is for laboratories outside of that of health care. So think environmental, toxicology, water, et cetera which is showing some early signs of promise. And so a lot of congratulations to Simpson and Andy, the CFO and we're excited to see what happens at Clinisys.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So it's something that we -- a couple of things we've been really quizzing and with our companies is 2 things, this very thing and then also the stability of the backlog has there been any order fall out of the backlog, right? So there's been none, by the way -- virtually none on backlog order fallout. The orders are quite strong. Book-to-bill was greater than 1 in the quarter. So it gives us, I think, a good indication that it's not just a flush backlog. In terms of the balance of the year though, I mean, we're waiting for the time when -- a lot of what's happened across the whole complex, not just us, is order duration is extended, right, as customers that want to be in the queue to make sure they have supply. At some point and at that point, I don't know -- I don't think any of us know what is going to happen, we're going to get back into a more normal order sort of duration timing. So there'll be a period of time when orders, because of timing, compress. It's -- we don't know when that's going to happen but we're fully expecting it. And candidly, aren't going to be that worried about it because it's sort of a natural reaction to where we are. We also -- so that's a commentary for Neptune in the whole segment. For medical products, quite the opposite. There isn't really -- we don't work out of a huge backlog out of that -- those businesses. And so that dynamic that you're addressing or question doesn't exist. And then for -- we really solved the supply chain challenges at the RF product businesses. They were bespoke and unique to the 2 businesses there. And so now we will be able to start clearing some backlog but that's more of a second half thing than what it was in the quarter.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So it's the same -- I'll give you a color to it. I think we'll stop short of giving you like specifics at a company level. But as we mentioned last quarter, there is a difference of opinion between the DAT leadership and Sarasota about what the outlook of this business is for the year. DAT is much more bullish on what the year -- the balance of the year is going to look like than what we are here in Sarasota. We continue to have a very conservative posture relative to what DAT looks like, especially uniquely on the carrier count for the balance of the year. We want to see -- while we had a nice proof point in Q1 that the carrier decline started to basically flatten, we have not assumed they continue from that level and improve. We continue -- we assume they actually get a little bit worse.
Neil Hunn: It's not particularly relevant. There's one business, Northern Digital, correct me on this I think it's just -- principally one that sells through, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the medical product OEMs were a critical component, a necessary component to scores of these medical product OEMs. They cannot ship their product without our product, obviously. So there was -- we're worried there might have been a fair amount of inventory in the channel as buffer. The commentary from the Northern Digital team this quarter is they feel most if not all of that is through the system. It's hard to know exactly for sure but that's where -- that's really the only place where it happens. Otherwise, it's us directly to a customer -- and in consumer customer.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I mean, it's been slow. The number of deals printed in the last couple of quarters has been very low for this reason that you mentioned for the reason that there's just a bid-ask spread between buyers and sellers. -- that continues to exist. And then also just uncertainty on what the exit values are going to be. If you're doing a IRR analysis, the most sensitive variable and the whole thing is your exit value, your exit multiple. And so all in uncertainty, there just hasn't been a lot of deals or recaps. Private equity -- in private equity, there's been a handful of strategic deals that have happened. I'll tell you though, in this our pattern recognition history would say, in times of volatility, it creates opportunity. We saw that coming out of COVID. And very quickly, I mean, it was what, August-ish and 2020 when we did Vertafore, it was an opportunity for us. And so it's our commitment to investment-grade debt, our leverage levels that we could be nimble and flexible and quite opportunistic because this -- moments like this is where opportunities exist for a variety of reasons. So we're cautiously optimistic over the course of this year that those will present themselves.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I think it's -- we characterize the current near-term level of activity in the M&A pipeline as having a bit more on the add-on or bolt-on side than what we might have seen historically. I wouldn't read too much into that. It sometimes -- it's just the way it falls sometimes. There's certainly a handful of platforms that we are currently evaluating. There always is a handful that we're in pretty late stages or detailed work evaluating. But on balance, there's a bit more on the bolt-on side. Those tend to be our very best deals because they are additive to strategically to one of our existing companies. There's normally some synergies that come with those -- and as we talked about in the Investor Day, strategically, we'd like to see more of our capital deployed against the bolt-on strategy. But we're not going to force it but it would be nice to be able to see it.
Neil Hunn: Yes. I mean, I would say -- I mean, I have to -- we can take this off-line and sort of go company by company in some level of detail to the extent it would be interesting. But at the highest level, we would say yes, right? So we're -- we say in the Investor Day, we say in all of our communication that we're mission-critical software system of record sort of software. On the application side, if you think about like Deltek or Vertafore I mean, Frontline -- Aderant is a great example where we've gone from number 2 to number 1. We've doubled the size of the company over ownership period. The net retention has gone from like low 1-0, whatever, 102,103 so low 110s, 110, 112, I think which just gives you a sense that all these software companies work for a long time to create a customer base that then they can spend the rest of their life cross-selling into. And so most of our -- all of our companies, 50% to 75% or more of their new bookings come from cross-selling, upselling. And the best example of that is the one you called out which is Frontline which I think it's like 80% plus, where it's -- they've done all the work over their history of basically capturing the customers and now it's about how do you get more share of wallet. And in Frontline's case, in particular, it's a more fragmented state-by-state based on the regulatory environment, competitive environment. And you're right, today, 50% of K-12 health systems -- or excuse me, education systems want to buy from a consolidated vendor, where 5 years ago, that number was 25% or 30%. So the market is coming towards -- in the education space towards companies like Frontline.
Neil Hunn: Alex, I appreciate the opportunity to talk about this. So we are certainly involved with it. We're 49% owners of Indicor. We have quarterly Board meetings. From the very first conversation we had with [indiscernible] about what the value creation plan is for Indicor, part of it was to do some portfolio work with this being the principal piece to make Indicor less oily and more industrial. And so this was a strategic -- this was an asset that was highly strategic to a number of folks in the industry. It was a very competitive process and we're delighted to be able to sell the business for 19 x this year's EBITDA. I think Honeywell is a great home for this business. That mattered a lot to us. The benefit of Indicor is we now get to take this capital as a company and a 49% owner of the company and then redeploy it to industrial and industrial tech type businesses build the M&A flywheel and hopefully create the next great industrial compounder that will become a public company in 3 to 5 years. And that's when we'll monetize through the whole value creation plan.
Steve Tusa: A couple of the businesses that you guys didn't mention but I think to Deane's question around what's going on out there. ConstructConnect, what are you seeing there? And then perhaps Clinisys, another one of your kind of big ones.
Steve Tusa: Great. And then just one last one on free cash flow. It's a very pretty strong quarter, upside surprise, at least versus what we were expecting. A little bit bigger of a drag from deferred but maybe a bit lower cash taxes or something. Just talk about the moving parts there and how you expect that to trend sequentially over the next couple of quarters on free cash.
Steve Tusa: Yes, great. And then sorry, just one last quick one. The high single-digit bookings number, was that an organic number for software? .
