Rob Crisci: Thanks, Neil. Good morning everyone. Turn to Page 8 and covering our Q3 financial highlights. As a reminder, as Zack said, all financial results are on a continuing operations basis. Total revenue increased 10% to $1.35 billion. The FX headwind was $20 million or 1.6% and was offset by acquisition contributions. Notably, our mix of business has shifted meaningfully toward more domestic revenue post the announced majority sale of our industrial businesses. The U.S. now represents approximately 85% of our revenue helping to shield our results from the impacts of any currency fluctuations. Q3 organic revenue increased 10% with broad-based strength across each of our three reporting segments: Application Software grew 7%, Network Software grew 10% and Technology Enabled Products grew a robust 15% organically. EBITDA margin increased 80 basis points to 41.1%, resulting in 12% EBITDA growth. Adjusted DEPS was $3.67, well above our guidance range and 18% higher than last year. Q3 adjusted free cash flow was $353 million, which was 9% above prior year. Excluding the Section 174 tax law change we discussed last quarter, quarterly free cash flow grew 17%. In the quarter, we made $157 million of additional tax payments related to our recent divestitures. Per our normal convention, those payments have been adjusted out of our reported cash flow, so overall, an excellent third quarter, as Neil said, and great momentum heading into Q4. Next slide. Turn to Page 9, looking at our strong financial position. We did complete the Frontline acquisition early in the fourth quarter, utilizing a combination of our balance sheet cash and a draw on our revolving credit facility. As of today, our draw and revolver balance sits at $2.2 billion. We expect to fully pay down the revolver balance with the proceeds from our industrial sale, which should close late in the fourth quarter. So after taking into account the receipt of those industrial transaction proceeds, we'd expect to end the year with a net debt to EBITDA ratio pro forma for our recent acquisitions in the mid-2s. Our consistently strong cash generation quickly refreshes our capacity for capital deployment. So looking forward, we remain active on the M&A front and we have the ability to deploy an additional $4 billion plus of capital now through the end of 2023. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Neil to review our segment performance.
Rob Crisci: Yes. Hey Chris, it's Rob. I don't think anything really to call out. I mean, we had really strong organic growth with these software businesses that comes through with great incremental. So I'm just looking back to the margins. Last year, I think, we ended last year at 54 in the fourth quarter we were 54.5 EBITDA here. So yes, no, I think, it was a nice quarter performance, probably similar for the fourth quarter in terms of EBITDA margin for the segment.
Rob Crisci: Yes, that's right. So for the fourth quarter we've got about $40 million of EBITDA in for Frontline. And there is about $24 million, excuse me, of incremental interest. If you look at where we were before to now, as I mentioned earlier, we did draw on the revolver and so we're paying the revolver interest for much of the fourth quarter than we're assuming that the industrial sale closes late in the quarter and then that interest expense would go away. So I think the math on that is about $0.12 of our sort of $0.57 guidance increase was Frontline.
Rob Crisci: Yes. I'll just add to that. There's great momentum here. Neptune has been performing really, really well. Neil talked about how they're – they're still seeing great orders and great backlog and great momentum and so that should – that should certainly carry forward. So with the supply chain issues easing as Neil mentioned, I mean, leverage here I think it was 50% EBITDA leverage in the quarter. We should be north of 40% leverage over the long-term as these businesses continue to grow strong organically and so that would tick-up the EBITDA margins a little bit in that segment.
Rob Crisci: Yes. I think if you look at the guide the tap volume, revenue is a little lower fourth quarter versus third quarters. You mentioned some supply chain ease and some stuff shifted – shifted a little bit earlier. Other than that, I think you're right. I mean it's just – it's a much different portfolio, right? We don't have the seasonality with all the energy businesses with the big fourth quarter, that's just – that those businesses have been divested.
Rob Crisci: Yes. So I mean, cash flow should be strong in the fourth quarter. Obviously, setting aside the fact that we're still making payments on the divestitures it's always our best working capital quarter on deferred revenue. In the fourth quarters when we get most of our renewals for the software businesses, that's usually the best quarter for that as well. So it's usually a very good working capital quarter. And then if you look forward we certainly don't guide cash flow, but we are really, really well positioned for great cash conversion next year as we get these cash tax payments behind us and now we have a portfolio with even better working capital characteristics, and so we feel great about our abilities to continue to compound cash flow moving forward.
Rob Crisci: Yes. Should be – should be similar that that we've seen. That the trends there continue to be very positive overall on recurring revenue for sure.
Rob Crisci: Yes. I think the place to start right is the removal of the cyclicality, right? So if you look at where Roper is now is as we mentioned earlier, it's a very different portfolio because we don't have that 40% of Roper that was projects and cyclicality back to 2018. So that, so now you don't have the situation where you might have something that grows 15% one-year and then goes down 15% the next year. So really the whole portfolio is sort of plus or minus mid-single digit organic and in a bad year something might be up 2% or 3% and in a great year it could certainly be double digits. And I'll let Neil expand on that.
Rob Crisci: We've long said that higher interest rates are, we believe are a – we're a benefactor of that. 70% for the reasons that 70% to 80% of our capital that we deploy is from our internally generated cash flow. Obviously 20% to 30% is from the balance sheet. So we're versus private equity who are competing against 50-plus percent of what they deploy in may be every deal is variable rate debt at the moment. So they are much more indexed and their values are much more indexed to shorter term rates than anything that we would see.
Rob Crisci: So we think we're beneficiaries in a higher rate environment because one would think over time, if these rates are sustained and that's a big, if they're sustained, then you'd see valuations adjust accordingly, and so we think that's our view on that. We've been very consistent of that view for a long time.
Rob Crisci: Alex, that's a hard one to give you a level precision. I will tell you we did better in the quarter because the supply chain got better. I mean, Verathon had a lot of things that had to go exactly right and they – most reverse what they did. Neptune did a nice job as well. Northern Digital did a great job. So a chunk of the beat would certainly be attributed to that.
Rob Crisci: Yes, Alex so there's certainly no need for a pause to deliver because our leverage rates are still relatively low because we are benefiting from the fact that we did these divestitures and we're still really redeploying those proceeds in addition to our normal cadence. So really no reason to pause. So we're very active in the M&A markets. Today we'll remain active. We might do deals very soon. It might take us a couple quarters as Neil mentioned, we're going to be very, very patient. But we're certainly going to remain active and there's not going to be any sort of a pause in that activity. Like you've seen after some of the larger deals where we did lever up and we're in a situation where we sort of had to take some time to reduce the leverage.
Neil Hunn: Yes, Deane, nothing in a meaningful sustained manner. Right? So I think we attribute that first to the markets that we serve. Right? So think about customers in healthcare, education, insurance, food, government contracting, utilities I mean, the macro forces generally are lessened or less impactful in those end markets. ARRs, I think, they are up the double digits 10%. So that's always a leading indicator of the strength. But there is certainly quarter-to-quarter there can be some noise. And so last quarter we're looking at, for instance, PowerPlan minus off some softening, but that recovered this quarter. And so it's not to say there is not pockets of things we look at, but nothing in a sustained manner at this stage.
Neil Hunn: Yes, I draw you back. This is the same thing we've been talking about since really over the last four or five years since we became COO and CEO and the team we have in place today. So, we historically – long history this – we've said this is a GDP plus a little bit grower, and as we've restructured the portfolio and as we've talked about here increased the expectation outlook for more organic out of existing portfolio, now it's mid-single digits certainly through cycle. And we are always looking to continue to improve that. We've talked at NASOM [ph] about the desire to improve the organic growth outlook through our governance system of our businesses, thinking about how to do strategy right, where to play and how to win, how to execute that strategy in a process in discipline manner, and then how to build team and talent to sort of use that as a long-term competitive advantage. We've been at this with the portfolio for three or four years, and we're starting to see some signs of improvement. So, we're encouraged, but it's an ongoing body of work that never ends.
Neil Hunn: Sure. Appreciate the opportunity to talk about that. I'll tell you, you never have perfect information. And so this is using all of our inputs and reading the tea leaves to really understand what happened. In the process the seller here Thoma had some bespoke reasons they needed to get liquidity from an asset they chose this one. They happened to time it in the market where private equity bidders had a difficult time bidding because there was not, or has not been a private leverage loan market. And so in that result, the process was thinner competitively, meaningfully thinner competitively and that's why we believe we are able to get a very fair price for the asset. So the process dynamics were a little bit different. And just another example of sort of the patience and our commitment to investment grade leverage and the conservative posture of our financial policy enables us to sort of move nimbly when an opportunity presents itself.
Neil Hunn: It's very difficult for us to sort of bifurcate volume and price. Keep in mind we're 75% software. Inside software the growth algorithm of every one of our software businesses, you would trip a little bit. There is price baked in every year to sort of offset – mostly if not all of attrite. When you're cross-selling and upselling it to the customer base that gives it to your net retention and you are adding new customers to get the total growth. And so pricing and value capture is just completely native to the inner workings of the pricing model inside a software. And it's not – and it would be generally consistent with the past. I mean, there may be a little bit more prices, labor has gone up in the software model. As it relates to the product businesses, our product businesses have done a fabulous job of essentially passing the cost increases through with the margin to our customers. As you know that lags a little bit. It showed up in margins this quarter in [indiscernible]. That will continue to bleed out over the next several quarters as the backlog that was built early in the years is shipped. And so the teams have done a nice job with that.
Neil Hunn: Yes, so, it is company specific, right. So every company is going to adjust as their market demands. As a general matter as large tech employment softens I view that as a good thing for our business because it makes it easier for us to hire the labor and talent that we need to hire. Here is point one. Point two, is keep in mind what we do for our customers. Right? We are selling and delivering to them the thing they need to run their business. So we are mission-critical to what they do and our pricing model is vastly fixed subscription. So it's not volume or transaction based. So we should be relatively muted to sort of short cycle fluctuations and the macroeconomic indicators. And so a little bit better labor environment, I think, is unbalanced a good thing for us.
Neil Hunn: We're always focused on improving both the scale and the quality of the enterprise. It's been 20 years, it will be the next 20 years and finding the best asset at the best prices we can find. And there is no difference in that going forward.
Neil Hunn: I'll take the first couple – excuse me, parts of that question around supply chain pacing and improvement and let Rob comment about the OP leverage or EBITDA leverage there. So, just to set the context for us the supply chain, we have been modestly gated from shipping in a one or two of the businesses for short periods of time but for the most part it's been about – we've been able to ship, but it's been about a higher component cost and expedited logistics in order to sort of both inbound and outbound the products. This quarter demonstrably supply chain especially around chips improved intra-quarter. We went into the quarter assuming it's going to be difficult and it meaningfully improved during the quarter. So it's our expectation that that part of supply chain element continues to ease Q4 and beyond. There's still a little bit of challenges around the certain components principally come out of China, think motors and things like that, that are still have longer lead times, but those appear to be abating as well. We don't assume that happens per se in Q4. As it relates to the price and sort of pushing that through, we talked about a little bit before the companies have been very good at taking price increases to offset the component price or cost increases, but it lags by a handful of – not a handful, a couple quarters between you take the order and when you deliver the order and that started showing up this quarter.
Neil Hunn: So yes, each one is different between the freight match, the North American DAT freight match business, and iTrade on what they're doing all their product and go-to-market strategy. Rather the DAT, I would – there's a lot that we could unpack and delighted to talk to you about this on a call down or a more longer form way but the short version is they've done a terrific job on both their freight match product and their analytics product and then creating product tiers based on the value the customer wants to sort of buy into. At DAT also something like 75% of the bookings today are through their e-commerce channel where three years ago or five years ago, it was zero. So they've really removed the barriers to do business with them and when you look at the ARPU increases like 70% of the ARPU increase has been because customers have elected to a higher package because there's been more value to sort of get from the network. So they've done a wonderful job that's bespoke and unique to DAT like it is for all 27 businesses that iTrade. The go-to-market motion there has been the – it's been mostly the same but this over the course of probably about a year-and-a-half ago, the company released a new product offering to enable the supplier part of the network to do easier trading with the buy side of the network is the simplest way I could describe it. So think of it as like a lighter weight supply chain management software tool for half of the network and it's just been – it's a very consistent booking, so over the last four or five quarters as it's been released.
Neil Hunn: Yes. What I would maybe add three points to that, Joe. One is it's, when you look at the 27 companies it's a very tight distribution in terms of the growth rate. There's not – it's not a bar bill where you got 10 companies growing 2% and 10 companies growing 15% of averages into something different. It's a very tight, I think the only two acquisitions we've done, we've announced as a high-single digit organic growth business. Everything else has been mid-singles and we're working to improve that. So as a general matter, think of it as a mid-single digit through cycle organic growth portfolio that is – has all the casual characteristics you'd want to see with that. We'd see operating leverage occur, so that's going to translate to a little bit more cash growth organically. And then you got to layer on top of that the M&A flywheel. So we feel very comfortable. We have a mid-teen sort of cash flow compounding growth algorithm that's embedded in our strategy.
Neil Hunn: We think the answer is no. We're not in any meaningful way or even in a minor way a beneficiary of the stimulus or COVID funds. For instance, with Frontline we studied that extensively during a diligence process and while the K-12 districts certainly on-boarded stimulus and COVID dollars, the vast, vast majority of those funds, the one-time funds were spent on one-time type items principally getting for instance student to device ratios to one-to-one for instance. They were districts were super hesitant to buy a recurring software package with one-time money. So Frontline we don't believe in any meaningful way was a beneficiary that we think that's a good thing goes to the durability of the growth drivers of the business. Seaboard, same thing, there's what Seaboard does, I mean it's about food and management for these K-12 and higher Ed facilities and at campuses as well as access management and integrated security and they have not been a meaningful beneficiary. So no is a short answer.
