Rob Crisci: Thanks, Neil. Good morning, everyone. Turning to page 6 and covering some of the Q1 financial highlights. Total revenue increased 11% to $1.53 billion. As Neil mentioned, organic revenue also increased 11% with broad base strength across our four reporting segments. Application software grew 9% organically, network software grew 16%, our MAS segment grew 7% and finally, our smallest segment Process Technologies was up 18%. EBITDA margin was 37.8% for the quarter, resulting in EBITDA increasing 8% to $577 million. Notably, that $577 million of Q1 EBITDA on a continuing operations basis is actually higher than the Q1 EBITDA we reported last April when we still owned and of course consolidated TransCore and the other two divested businesses. Adjusted DEPS for the quarter was $3.77, which was well above our guidance range of $3.63 to $3.67. Free cash flow was $459 million with solid EBITDA cash conversion of 80%. That's above the Q1 conversion levels we experienced in 2019 and 2020, but below last year is exceptionally strong Q1 conversion of 96%. To that end, there are two discrete cash items that combined to create an $80 million Q1 headwind versus prior year. As discussed on last April's call, last year's Q1 included $40 million of accelerated payments to CliniSys. Furthermore, this year’s Q1 reflects a $40 million increase in incentive compensation as a result of our strong 2021 performance compared to the pandemic year of 2020. So stepping back, we are of course focused on long term compounding here at Roper. In the three blue bars at the bottom of our page, you can see our three year compounding from Q1 2019 for revenue EBITDA, and free cash flow was 10%, 13% and 17%, respectively. So in summary, an excellent start to the year. Next slide, turning to page 7, which is an update on our financial position. Turning to the balance sheet, as Neil mentioned, we have a very large cash balance, which is the result of closing the transport divestiture during the quarter and receiving the gross proceeds. We have yet to pay the approximately $650 million of taxes related to the divestitures, which will be paid during the final three quarters of 2022. As of March 31, as Neil mentioned, our cash balance stood at $3.2 billion, which brings our net debt down to $4.2 billion, or approximately 1.9 times our TTM EBITDA from continuing ops. So with our healthy combination of balance sheet cash, continued strong free cash flow generation, and our investment grade leverage capacity, we are very well positioned to deploy $5 billion or more of capital. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Neil to cover our segments in greater detail.
Rob Crisci: Yes. Hey, Dean, it's Rob. Yes, so we're still seeing, of course the impact, like everyone else of supply chain. I mean, you can see it in our MAS segment, probably more so than in process. But the businesses have done a really, really good job of working through it. And so, that allows us to have, great organic growth, and then, the, the margins, which were downloaded in MAS on supply chain should incrementally improve moving forward. So, I think overall, the businesses are doing a great job of handling what everyone else is, is also having to deal with.
Rob Crisci: Yes, so for me, yes, we had 7%, organic in Q1 and we're calling for HFD for the rest of the year. So I mean, really gradual improving. We've got very strong order performance. We've got of course record backlogs, that great book-to-bill. And so again, a little bit of improvement, we're not assuming that the supply chain improves dramatically anytime soon.
Rob Crisci: No, I mean, I think overall, we're seeing still seeing pretty good strength across the across the world.
Neil Hunn: Yes, thanks for the question. As we look back over the recurring revenue, overall growth over the last five quarters, I think, four or the five have been in the double -- low double digits. And so we were not surprised by it. But it certainly encouraged by strength, also encouraged by the breadth of the converse of the strength that wasn't isolated in one or two businesses really quite broad based against everything. And, and we also just as a Q1 there was a lighter comp from a year ago.
Neil Hunn: Yes, they're certainly both well represented. If you go back over, I think the last 15 years, something like 90% of the capital deployed at Ropers, done on platform deals intent on bolt-ons. It's not a budget; it's just a historical reference to platform versus bolt-on’s. If we were guessing it might feel a little bit more towards bolt-on’s in the next 10 years, because we have more things to bolt things into. But the preponderance of the capital deployment will be on platform deals and the pipeline is, is well weighted across both of those.
Neil Hunn: Dean, this is Neil. The only thing I'd add to that we said it a number of times in the prepared remarks is the level of order activity throughout the quarter in the backlog. We entered the quarter with and left the quarter with or just are quite robust to give us quite a bit of confidence for the balance of the year.
Neil Hunn: Yes, I think that's, that's a pretty good number for the year, overall for the company, we're still looking at sort of the EBITDA margins relatively flat year-over-year. And so again, it’s sort of a little bit improvement throughout the year, as some of the supply chain stuff, starts to get a little bit better. Again, the software businesses with this really strong organic growth, you get great leverage there. And it's really about are reinvesting in order to make sure there's more growth in the future. So our businesses are reinvesting at a pretty high level, which, which is great to see. And that will continue to drive more organic. And that's really, what moves you up from 40% or 45%, leverage or 50% or whatever it is, is really about the investments that we continue to make.
Neil Hunn: So Struers was had a great quarter, as they saw, I mean, Struers is tied partially to global industrial GDP and also global auto. And so Struers really picked up nicely because of the auto -- the global automotive -- automotive demand. All markets are strong as Struers ex-China for instance in the quarter. So, anything you want to add more broadly on Europe, but…
Neil Hunn: Yes, as we as we said, when we bought that business, it's a solid, mid-single digit organic or growth business. And it's certainly done that since we've owned it.
Neil Hunn: Yes. So what we see is the mark, the activity level, the number of processes, the number of companies that were that we're meeting with the number of diligence streams is, is above trend level, in terms of the that level of activity. I think it's still your question is still yet to be ultimately determined. I think we'll know more over the course of the next quarter or two, as we see if these processes actually conclude, based on if they're willing to accept the price where the market is. And so a little bit of a partial answer to your question, I think we just need a little bit of time for that to unfold.
Neil Hunn: If you just take that question, and you're sort of elevated a touch, I mean, our strategy has been for 20 years and continues to be how do we increase not just the size of the business, but more importantly, the quality of the business, that's it. That is the whole punch line of our cash return on investment model was how do you improve the quality? And so we've been doing that for 20 years on the buy side, recurring revenue, organic growth, less cyclicality, more asset lightness. As you saw in the last, really three years, there's been a little bit on the sell side. And so the management team and the board looks our charter is to do that is to improve the quality of the business, principally through the buy side and here recently on the sell side.
Neil Hunn: Yes, so sure. So high level total cash flow is going to be driven by organic revenue and organic EBITDA growth first, which is looking great for this year. And then basically timing of capital deployment and how big the deals are. And so that's why we don't guide free cash flow because we're always going to be, it's always been based on what's our what our total deployment, which of course, we are very patient disciplined. And as we mentioned on Q1, the performance on a conversion basis was very good versus history, obviously lower than last year, given the one timers that we outlined earlier on call.
Neil Hunn: Yes, so the Roper model, right is about double digit long term cash flow, compounding the combination of organic growth and capital deployment. So in 20, we grew up free cash flow 15% in 21, it was 19%. If you look at the three year Q1 CAGR, it's 17%. And so we'll continue to do that moving forward is a combination of organic and capital deployment.
Neil Hunn: Sure, so CCC have very good quarter coming off a great Q4. Order growth was nothing short of spectacular in Q1. We in for infact, it was the largest Q1 in a decade for Greenfield activity at CCC.
Neil Hunn: No, I mean, think of CCC as much longer cycle than that. I mean, these are, for the most part gigantic infrastructure LNG projects that are planned out in some cases, Greenfield decade out. And so there was just a lot of, in this case, a lot of Greenfield activity. And then further if you want to just break you simplify CCC, you basically have a services book in the business and the projects, services for callbacks, meaning coming in for maintenance with strong services for new commission's meaning tied to new activity was strong. We just talked about how Greenfield project work was very good orders and brownfields been consistent. So it's on sort of on the two by two grid. All four part of that of boxes are green for CCC in the quarter.
Neil Hunn: As a general matter if there's yes. I mean, if there's LNG compression happening, CCC is benefited by that.
Neil Hunn: Yes, I appreciate the question. I mean, that's always an important investor question. And the answer is a resoundingly yes. We've talked about the size of our broad pipeline. It's it's very, very large, there are many opportunities. We'll have no issue continue to compound and cash flow for many, many more years, based on the availability. Now, the challenge, as we talked about, right is sort of valuations, which remain relatively elevated compared to history. And so the idea is to do the best deal for the best price and by the highest quality business. And so we're working hard on that. But no, we're, we're in no way concerned about the availability of assets. We were very, very busy working on many things, and we feel great about our chances to be very successful.
Neil Hunn: Yes, you're very similar. If you look at our last dec yes, our last decade of acquisitions, right decade plus, it's very similar call asset quality to all those businesses, the Vertafore,, the Deltek, and all the great things we've done.
