Brian Jellison: No, we really didn’t see that at all, and most of our stuff is kind of going direct so it’s not a like a distributor pull-in with standard products that some other people might have.
Brian Jellison: Well, we would and are doing both. You just never know what you’re able to negotiate in terms of what’s the best use of funds. So we’re always really looking at the asset velocity of things, so the software businesses have an easier hurdle because they always have less assets. If their product businesses are such that we think they’re well positioned and have great defense mechanisms, we’re not opposed to adding to that.  As a general rule, there certainly are some product transactions we’re looking at now, but most of the things we’re looking at are related to software and service opportunities.
Brian Jellison: Yeah, it’s a very large customer who has decided that they want to go to take the risk associated with the composite meters. We don’t think it says anything other than they’re going to try something else. We had a long-term contract with them that—and they had a change in management, and we’ll see how it works out. It will have an effect on the first half of this year from a revenue viewpoint. I don’t think it’s indicative of anything; in fact, we were up nearly 20% in (inaudible) sales in the fourth quarter, so you can’t see it. We wound up being flat because you got one large customer that’s down. John, I don’t know if you want to add anything to Dean’s question around the customer situation? I think it’s a one-off thing that—
Brian Jellison: It sort of supply chain people making the decision instead of operating people. I know the operating people aren’t happy about it.
Brian Jellison: Well, what’s important about the fourth quarter – it’s a great question, Matt – is we have three businesses: Dynisco, which is always supplying things which frequently have to do with capacity utilization; Struer, which is somewhat similar to that in terms of their consumables; and then our core AMOT business. Those three were leading indicators for us in Q4 of 2008 when you went into the ’09 downturn, so we’re looking at those things weekly.  In the fourth quarter, they did better than the concern level you would have had, so we haven’t really seen anything in those businesses yet that would indicate that there’s any forward indicator; and in fact, December shipments were stronger for the businesses than October and November, which resulted in us having a little bit more receivables at the end of the year than we would have liked to have had, but you know, it’s the year-end stuff that happens frequently.  So I don’t think there’s anything that makes us nervous, and in the case of the equipment it wasn’t core equipment that we provide out of Struers for cutting technology. We have a line of hardness testers that we sell, and they were off in the fourth quarter. Fortunately they’re lower margin products, so it wasn’t overly material, but it’s something we’re keeping our eye on.
Brian Jellison: Well, I think as far as the situation is, you’re going to get—we would get a disproportionate amount of new meters associated with housing starts, so as housing starts are picking up, so are our sales through distribution in the U.S. water market. So we expect pretty decent growth there, certainly high single digits, maybe more; and so other people who have lower shares than we do are likely to get some corresponding benefit in their business. I think it’s a generally favorable or more favorable market than it has been for replacement water meters and for just installs for (inaudible). When it comes to the rest of the world, that’s an entirely different story and our products really don’t play in anything other than the high pressure water market. Composite meters, nobody’s had great success with those over time. We don’t see any shifts to that at all except in people who come in who don’t know the industry, don’t know the products, and think everything is uniform because they’re SAP people. They can do things that will be proven to be a mistake later, and so we’re not really bothered by that. It’s not the first time we’ve lost a customer only to get them back a little bit later when they realize that value is more important than price.
Brian Jellison: Well, I think we’re pretty reluctant to want to issue any equity. I really just don’t see the need for that. The reason that we do acquisitions is because we have great free cash flow, and when you lever that at, say, three times debt to EBITDA the acquired company, you can really make a material difference in your growth rate and kind of in the perpetuity growth rate of the enterprise, and that’s what we do. We just think that’s the best way to create shareholder value. If we wanted to increase—I mean, I don’t know why we’d issue equity unless it was just the most incredible, spectacular thing of all time, and we did that in December of 2003 when we acquired Neptune and didn’t have really a high quality public company balance sheet. We did it again in December of 2004 when we acquired Neptune. Those acquisitions represented four times trailing EBITDA of the company, for heaven’s sakes, in terms of what we had to do. You know, with trailing EBITDA with a run rate well in excess of a billion, we’re not planning on a $4 billion deal tomorrow at noon. So I think we can be quite satisfied with 1.5 billion-plus a year in acquisition growth, so I don’t think we would issue equity.
Brian Jellison: Although for our internal people listening, we expect you to move along those lines! Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: With better margin, huh? Great, thank you. 
John Humphrey: And it’s one of those things that—I mean, it’s important in terms of Neptune, but once it gets to the Roper level, it really gets not as material, for sure. It will be an impact for the first quarter and the first half.Dean Dray – Citi Research Dean Dray – Citi Research:  Great, thank you.
John Humphrey: Sure. I mean, they continue to do extremely well. We’re seeing high single digit organic growth out of that business, and we would expect to see that continue into 2013 also.
John Humphrey: You know, I’m going to need to follow up with you on that. We do expect to see gross margin expansion along with operating margin expansion, both because our faster growing businesses are also our higher margin businesses on the software side as well as on medical and the impact from Sunquest. So probably not quite as much on gross margin as we’re expecting on EBITDA margin, but both of them we expect to be up in ’13.
John Humphrey: Sure. I think as we went through our—not only the planning activity that we always do but also the fourth quarter operating reviews that we go through with each of our businesses, we look not only at what they actually did in the fourth quarter but their projections for the first quarter and the rest of the year, and what’s in their backlog, what’s in their pipeline of opportunities. As we went through that, we saw a number of things, both on the new product introduction side but also on the projects that are currently being bid and currently in front of us, not yet in backlog, that give us confidence that the second half of the year we’ll see a higher organic growth rate than what we’re going to see in the first half of the year. But I think that that’s going to be weighted more toward—well, probably RF will be a little bit stronger than industrial for the full year basis, but overall we expect to see full-year organic growth in all four of our segments.
John Humphrey: It can. I don’t think that that’s embedded in our guidance, though.Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Okay, can but we shouldn’t time this out to the point where we’ll get a—
John Humphrey: Yeah, our expectation with respect to 3 to 5% organic growth for the year, like I said, it’s a little bit more heavily weighted. RF may be above that, but we’re not ready to say that’s going to be double-digit yet.Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
John Humphrey: Alex, I think one of the factors when you’re looking at our previous years’ growth rates, of course those always include not only what we do on an organic basis but also the effect of acquisitions; and our guidance for 2013, as it always does, excludes any acquisitions that we have not yet completed. So I think that is probably going to be one of the differences you see between our guidance and the actuals as they roll in, Sunquest being an example of that – of course, that added both accretive earnings but more importantly accretive cash flow to us for 2012. We would expect future acquisitions, although they’re never in our guidance, to be accretive from a cash basis also. Whether they are accretive on an earnings basis is always going to be dependent upon the accounting ramifications of amortization and other things.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Right. Well yes, and when they come in the year.
John Humphrey: That’s also true.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: It’s possible you could have accretive acquisitions that really wouldn’t add to 2013 if they came late in the year.
John Humphrey: That is true.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: But could you address your economic assumptions and why the first quarter is only up 11%? Because that would not include—I mean, that wouldn’t be because you haven’t added in acquisitions to the first quarter guidance, because you don’t have time to—
John Humphrey: Well, Sunquest as a U.S.-based company generates most of their earnings in the United States, which is the highest tax rate in the world, and so those earnings come in at a marginal tax rate of probably 38 to 39%. And then just other normal tax planning activities, which is probably the—which is definitely the smaller portion of the increase that we expect for ’13.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Yeah, we definitely need corporate tax reform. Thanks.
John Humphrey: I wouldn’t say protection; I’d just say a level playing field.Alex Blanton – Clear Harbor Asset Management: Thank you.
John Humphrey: Okay. Thank you all for joining us and we look forward to talking to you as we finish our first quarter.
