Clarence P. Cazalot: As Howard mentioned, we saw another good performance from our base business, with major turnarounds in Equatorial Guinea and Norway being completed ahead of schedule and under budget. Top quartile reliability and solid operations allowed us to deliver production available for sale at the upper end of our guidance. We also had strong growth in the second quarter in our 3 key resource plays. Comparing the second quarter to the first quarter, Eagle Ford production was up 50%, Bakken was up 4.7% and the Woodford was up 24%. We're on track to deliver annual 5% growth in production available for sale in 2012 over 2011, excluding Libya. We're also on track to deliver greater than 150% reserve replacement in 2012, excluding acquisitions and divestitures. And we're targeting 6% to 8% growth in annual production available for sale from 2012 to 2013, excluding Libya and Alaska. In the face of weaker crude and NGL prices, particularly in inland U.S. markets, our focus on profitable growth and our commitment to capital discipline has led us to seek capital reductions without sacrificing growth. For the remainder of 2012 and perhaps into 2013, we're reducing our rig count in the Anadarko Woodford from 6 to 2 rigs, and we're reducing our Bakken rig count from 8 to 5 rigs. We believe we can maintain flat production in both of these areas through 2013 at these rig levels, but obviously, we retain the flexibility to ramp back up if prices and/or costs improve. We've also suspended drilling in the Niobrara and plan to frac 1 additional well already drilled. We will further evaluate the area from data already collected and from the future production history of the 16 production wells we have in the area. A real success story is being seen in the Eagle Ford, where we've continued to reduce the time needed to drill wells there. And we're now in a position to drill and complete our target number of wells with 18 rigs rather than ramping up to 20 as planned with the Paloma acquisition. We are focused on maintaining our growth while living within our cash flows. To that point, I'll tell you our asset divestiture program is on track, and we expect to meet or exceed our $1.5-billion to $3-billion divestiture program by the end of 2013. And you'll note in the press release that we have disclosed the potential purchase price in Alaska as being $375 million, and I would also tell you that interest in the sale of our Neptune gas plant, our 50% interest there, has been quite strong, and we'll be reviewing those bids very shortly. Turning to exploration. We have enhanced the potential and risk profile of our global exploration portfolio, with new entries into Gabon, Kenya and potentially Ethiopia. And as you've seen yesterday, we farmed down 2 Kurdistan blocks, our two 100% blocks, to balance our portfolio. Lastly, there's been a great deal of attention obviously and a great deal of focus by investors on our Eagle Ford position, and so I've asked Lance Robertson to provide an update on our operations there.
Clarence P. Cazalot: Dave, I'll take that. This is Clarence. Our strategy has fundamentally not changed. We've said all along that the third leg of our stool of strong base assets, profitable growth is a strong exploration program. And we would devote 10% or roughly $500 million a year to high-impact exploration. And what we've done this quarter is wholly consistent with that.
Clarence P. Cazalot: Yes. I think, Paul, again, it's wholly consistent with what we've said around capital discipline and focusing on value rather than volume. And you're spot on. We could continue to maintain higher rig levels and grow the volumes at a faster rate. But in the face, as we've said, of lower commodity prices, both crude and NGL, and continued high costs, we don't see that, that makes a great deal of sense. We'll watch to see if cost and/or pricing improves, and we've got the ability to ramp back up.
Clarence P. Cazalot: Well, I would say, first of all, I don't think that the exploration we're conducting is at all hindering or limiting the amount of activity we can pursue in the resource plays that we believe generates profitable growth. What we do believe is that exploration in the areas we're looking, where we see very significant potential, has the potential to create significant value for us. And again, as we've seen and Marathon, indeed, has done in the past, you don't have to develop and produce those discoveries out for the next 30 or 40 years. Making the discovery, commercializing it, demonstrating the value gives you the opportunity to monetize at that point. So we see it really as not conflicting. We see it as complimentary. Ultimately, we are all about value creation, and we think that we create that value by running our base assets in a strong, safe way, generating profitable growth from our resource plays, and then complementing that with impact exploration success. So as we've said -- as I said earlier, allocating about 10% of our budget a year. It fluctuates a little bit. We think exploration makes very good sense and is a key part of our strategy.
Clarence P. Cazalot: Well, again, when it comes to exploration, our threshold decision isn't around tax. It starts really with the subsurface and, do we see the sort of geology and the potential belowground to make big finds? We then couple that, obviously, with all the aboveground risk, the risk of operating in that country and infrastructure requirements, but importantly, the fiscal terms. And so we look at the fiscal terms to make sure that the rewards, if we're successful, certainly offset the risk. And in many cases, as you look at production sharing contracts, the taxes for the most part are paid on your behalf. It's sort of rolled up into the PSC. We have some very high tax regimes in Norway and Libya that are sort of unique relative to new production sharing contracts that we enter into around the world. So the tax rate is not the big determinant there. It's really what we see, again, as our ability to create very significant value for the amount of dollars that we're exposing there. And as I said a moment ago, you don't have to produce this out over 40 years. You've got the opportunity with good success to monetize it upfront and capture the value that way.
Clarence P. Cazalot: Ed, I think the only guidance we give is sort of around what we've already talked about. We've said in terms of Alaska that we now described as a $375-million asset sale that is still, as you know, going through necessary governmental approvals. We would expect that to close this year. As I said earlier, we are going to be reviewing shortly the bids on our 50% interest in the Neptune gas plant. And I think we feel strongly that will close this year. Beyond that, I don't want to speculate because we've not really talked about anything else that's on the asset sale list. I'll simply tell you that, again, we're confident in getting to the numbers, the range we've talked about before or potentially exceeding them by the end of next year. So we're pressing it.
Lance Robertson: Thanks, Clarence. Going to Slide 19, you'll see a map of the Eagle Ford and our acreage position, along with where we are currently drilling. Also in the slide are indicative well results illustrating continued strong performance across the acreage position. During the second quarter, we became active in the condensate acreage as we continued to build midstream infrastructure to support this area. Our rig activity is currently 50% discretionary and will continue to be directed toward high-value condensate and high GOR oil areas. We anticipate we will keep 10 to 12 rigs active in the core Karnes County area through year end. Note, we are not active in the Wilson County or dry gas areas. Turning to Slide 20. During the first few months of 2012, we focused on expanding our capability and growing our development capacity. The second quarter saw us build on this solid base with increased rig and frac activity, along with increasing efficiency. With these efforts, quarter-on-quarter production growth was almost 50% in the second quarter. Net production has increased by more than 17,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day in 2012, with the majority of the increase in the second quarter. We anticipate similarly strong growth in the second half of 2012 as we continue to refine our operation practices and move into more pad-driven activities. We have demonstrated material reduction in cycle time, reducing our average spud-to-spud time by almost 50% since taking over operations late last year, now averaging 23 days spud-to-spud over the last 2 months. Driven by this efficiency, we expect to continue full field development with 18 rigs, inclusive of the Paloma acreage. We also anticipate continuing with 4 fracture stimulation fleets to complement the drilling rigs. Turning to Slide 21. We have supported our production growth through investing in extensive midstream infrastructure. Shown in green are 5 new large central delivery facilities that have been built in 2012. Shown in red are 6 more central facilities now under construction. Additionally, over 210 miles of 4-, 6- and 8-inch pipelines have been installed to interconnect these facilities with markets. Building midstream capacity has allowed us to maintain a strong cycle of spud to first sales of less than 60 days with minimal shut-in or flaring. Midstream investment will continue through 2012 to ensure sufficient access to markets. Slide 22 updates our expected number of locations and production forecast inclusive of the Paloma acquisition. Paloma adds 100 high-value, low-risk locations to our existing inventory. We now anticipate our Eagle Ford production reaching 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day in 2016 compared to 100,000 barrels previously. Change of control of operations is in progress today in existing Paloma operations, and wells will be assumed with current Marathon personnel. And importantly, no contribution from our downspacing studies has been included in either the well count or production numbers. To that point and moving to Slide 23, we are evaluating the potential to significantly increase our drill locations and by association production, resource and reserves through validating downspacing with targeted infill pilot projects. 5 density pilot projects are currently producing, 2 are in progress and 3 more remain in 2012. 4 additional pilots targeting vertical lateral placement are currently producing. We're excited about the progress we've made across the basin to date. We have a dedicated team, and while we have a lot of hard work ahead of us, we're seeing great strides in operational capacity. We're confident in our ability to deliver an average of 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day for 2012 and to meet or exceed our projections in coming years. With that, I'll turn the call back to Howard.
Lance Robertson: Doug, I'd actually say that I think we have achieved what Dave suggested in the previous call. We are consistently delivering 16 to 20 wells per month to sales for the last 4 months. It does vary up and down, modestly driven sometimes by pad activity. And if we fall a little short of that one month, we typically materially increase the next month. And we've worked concertedly to build a little bit more well inventory so that we can dampen down that oscillation as we move to pad-driven activities more and more for both the opportunity to drive down costs, as well as to improve the well EURs. And regarding the well productivity themselves, I think I would just say that we put out a fair amount of disclosure on that first Eagle Ford slide. And we've gotten really positive well results from the northeast all the way to the southwest of that acreage position. And we're very pleased with those results to date, continue to see some improvements and still have a lot of work ahead to make them even better.
Lance Robertson: I'd say the Davila wells are relatively new and are performing very strongly. I think our experience in that area is, like you'd expect with many, that there's diversity. I think we're confident that, that area is going to consistently produce, on average, wells that are about 1,650 BOE a day average for 30 days in that group. And there are others in that area that have delivered that year-to-date. I think we're -- essentially, our acquisition model has been proven accurate at this point.
Lance Robertson: I'm sorry, I'm thinking of the math. I mean, that particular well should be in excess of 2,000 barrels a day equivalent right now and has been. I think more I was saying is that in that broad area, we'll have some wells that are below that 1,650 marker and we have some above. But that group will average 1,650 BOE a day on a full-month basis.
Lance Robertson: Well, I'd say 3 of those infill pilot tests are producing. When we said that 2 are in progress, those are actually being stimulated now this week and next week. And so our results are early. I mean, we have very limited production history from those. I think we would anticipate being in a position to share results more materially in 2013. And I think we've said before, the failure case would be, if it didn't work, we'd know that very soon. I think we're very optimistic based on simulation modeling and work we already had on wells in 80-acre spacing that it's not going to fail and it's going to longer, both pressure and rate data, to validate how well that is working. I think we're really focused on making sure we get those early 2012 and start that data collection process so that we don't delay reaching those decision points any longer than we have to.
Lance Robertson: Sure, Scott. I think we do expect some variability in that, month to month. And I think you're referring particularly to June was down from May. And as it turns out, those were actually large pad-driven infill densities, those pilot projects being completed and brought online. And so there were some low there. I think what you'll see in future quarters is that we're materially up in July as account of that, as we brought on those large groups of well, ups in well count, I would say. I think what we expect forward is some variability, but we're going to continue to dampen that by managing inventory appropriately.
Lance Robertson: Well, we do believe we're going to be in that range from 241 and 251 wells, inclusive of Paloma. And the primary driver of not moving up to 20 rigs for the balance of 2012 is to avoid going off the high end of that range. We've become so efficient that we're just going to capture all the wells we need and finish that development with 2 fewer rigs than we anticipated some months ago.
Lance Robertson: Yes, Scott. I think as we mentioned in the release, and I think Clarence echoed this in his comments, it's our expectation that we'll be able to hit the exit rates we talked about in the release and maintain flat production with the 2 rigs in Oklahoma and the 5 in North Dakota.
Lance Robertson: We're being able to release the rigs on the basis of contracts expiring. And so as economics shift in the basins, we would expect our overall pricing power on drilling rigs to be able to lead us to attractive contract rates. And we are seeing continued pressure downward on pressure pumping services, particularly in the 2 Northern basins. And we'll try to reap those benefits as well over time.
Lance Robertson: Guy, referring to Eagle Ford, I think we're really happy with how quickly we've been able to reduce those cycle times. We're managing both the drilling as well as the moving of the rig as active as we can to drive that. We do not think that we're leveling out to extent we're not going to continue to improve. We've taken very little pad activity. It's been in small groups. And as we convert our rig fleet to more pad-efficient rigs with integrated moving systems, which we're in the process of, as we speak, then we expect to be able to move to more and more large pads, and we're going to drive that time down further. But I think we hope to be able to talk about that in future quarters.
Lance Robertson: Well, Blake, that's a unique question. We sell to multiple contracts in that because we have a variety of gravity. I would say we've focused very hard the first 2 quarters of '12 on marketing and market access. We sell the majority of our oil today on an LLS-less-$6 kind of contract. We're very happy to have that pricing because you guys were aware those differentials are moving a lot in that regard. So the majority of our oil sales are to that LLS-less-$6, and we have some other contracts as well. And we continue to both take market contracts as we grow our production base in both gas and oil.
David E. Roberts: Doug, this is Dave. I think the charts that we're using in our updates have not changed in terms of we expect next year to still be a very strong year. We'll have boiler production coming on to offset some of the decline that we'll see. That comes on in late 2014. And then you'll start to see the declines that you mentioned. And so I'll turn -- then turn it to Janet about forecasting tax.
David E. Roberts: Yes. Ed, I think we're right at 50% actually on a run rate basis. So I wouldn't consider that low at all. And I think what we're saying is we're reiterating what we said that last quarter, that the number is going to be circa $5 billion. We've seen pretty significant pressure from 1 particularly large OBO project in our portfolio and a lot of other OBO pressures in some of the unconventional basins, notably the Woodford and the Bakken, that have pushed some of those numbers up. And then in the Eagle Ford, we are drilling longer laterals and putting bigger completions on the wells. And so we're seeing some cost pressures there. But obviously, we're getting better well results also. So that and the early part of the year, we actually are exceeding our pace expectations in places like the Bakken. And so in order to balance out, that's the reason we're cutting back the rigs in the 2 Northern unconventional basins. And it's a pure efficiency decline in South Texas.
David E. Roberts: No, Evan. We don't see that this time. I think we needed to build out the infrastructure, and we put an increased amount of capital to that to make sure that we have the capabilities to deliver on Upstream business. So we're not contemplating any kind of special vehicles in order to release that value.
David E. Roberts: Yes. And just to amplify what's going on in the Bakken, just talking about year-on-year quarters, we've seen almost a 30% decrease in our times. And we've seen that really in 2 areas. We've been consistently good in our spud-to-TD times, although we've taken about 10% there. But we've halved our moving rates, and we've taken about 10% off of our completion rates as well to get to the levels that we're looking at. And in Oklahoma, at this point and with the limited number of wells that we've drilled, it's all been improved drilling performance, taking the well curves down from on the order of 70 days into the 50s. And that's just drilling performance, getting used to the basin and trying to be as competitive as we can.
David E. Roberts: No, Paul. Let me get to my sheets here real quick while I'm look at it. Second quarter in Droshky -- or in Ozona was just about 2,300 barrels a day. And Droshky, because we did have a turnaround, is right at 5,000. So we're still hanging in at both of them.
David E. Roberts: So between oil and condensate, it's approximately 70% oil and about 30% condensate. And we're currently experiencing strong price realizations on both the crude and the condensate. There's really no material change in that at this time.
David E. Roberts: Yes. We do. I'm not sure -- yes, in the NGLs, we do have a very heavy NGL mix. And those price realizations are very strong, all selling to the Mont Belvieu market. However, as you guys have seen, there's been pressure on that basket of pricing over the recent 90 days.
David E. Roberts: Well, John, this is Dave. I think the critical issue is we've passed an important marker with the elections. But we did see some disruptions relative to social unrest continuing into July. There is no question that we have not yet returned to our full capacity in terms of our ability to direct production out there in terms of our workover capacity. And importantly, it's still an unsure enough situation, where we have not had any Western expats looking at the actual production centers in terms of being in the deep desert. And so our view is until we actually put all those things together, being able to get actual eyes on, actually understanding what's driving what probably is a large degree of flush production, but also ensuring -- the Libyans are making great progress, but that we do have a stable environment, we don't think it would be prudent to forecast volumes.
David E. Roberts: Yes. I think obviously, we're very interested in being able to predict these barrels with certainty. They are important to us. So when we get to that level of comfort, we'll be certainly happy to share that with everybody.
David E. Roberts: I think it's both. I think this is a -- these unconventional plays all share similar characteristics. Because we are drilling horizontal wells and putting very large completions, the well costs are obviously an important factor of the economics. And you have to have an appropriate amount of EUR. And to this particular point, we've not found the right mix of cost and completions versus the type of wells that we're actually able to deliver in the DJ Basin. So we're going to evaluate what it is we have and see if it makes sense for us to either change the way we're looking at that program or do something else altogether.
David E. Roberts: Yes. We did see obviously weakness in the first half relative to some of the things that drove Bakken weakness. But frankly, Syncrude has bounced back. Our basket should be really looked at as a Syncrude basket because of what we have in terms of our upgrading capability there. And it's comparing very favorably against the WTI. And our expectation is that, that relationship is going to be maintained.
David E. Roberts: No, Paul. We don't have anything like that, but -- no, we don't have -- we don't think about the business that way. I guess, I think what I would say is, consistent with meetings that I've been in, and Lance has just said this, we're very confident in the type curves that we've seen. And we'll provide updated information as we get it. We don't expect them to change materially. And that's the best thing -- way to think about an average, is the type of wells we're bringing on versus those type curves.
Janet F. Clark: Of course, Doug, we certainly hope that the production in Norway stays as high as possible for as long as possible, because generally it's very good returns for us on an after-tax basis. But you're directionally correct. As the mix of pretax income shifts from high tax jurisdictions, such as Norway, to a lower tax jurisdiction such as the U.S., our overall effective tax rate, excluding Libya, will continue to decline. So [indiscernible] prices and differentials, et cetera, I can't be more quantitative about that.
Janet F. Clark: The federal rate is 35%. Currently, we are not in a cash-tax-paying mode given the high level of CapEx here in the U.S.
Janet F. Clark: And I would just add that we look at all of our investments on an after-tax basis. And so even if there is a high tax rate, if the after-tax rate of return is attractive, then it makes sense to make that investment.
