Lee Tillman: Thank you, Guy, and good morning to everyone listening to our call today. First, I want to say thank you to our employees and contractors for another quarter, a comprehensive execution against our framework for success. I'm especially grateful for your commitment to safety, differentiated execution, and environmental excellence. Well done on another great quarter, while staying true to our core values. We have a number of notable topics to cover today to continue to build on our peer-leading and market-leading financial and operational performance. I'll start by reviewing some key takeaway consistent with the summary on Slide 5 of our earnings presentation. First, we reported another very strong quarter, both financially and operationally that is fully consistent with the guidance we provided back in February and further built on our track record of delivery. We continue to execute against our differentiated cash flow driven return of capital framework, again exceeding our commitment to return at least 40% of our cash flow from operations to shareholders and industry-leading commitment. Our adjusted earnings per share handily beat consensus, and we generated strong free cash flow during first quarter, despite not receiving any E.G. cash dividends. The entirety of the variance in our cash flow and free cash flow versus consensus can be explained by the fact that we reported $80 million of E.G. equity income, but did not receive any E.G. cash dividends. This difference is strictly related to timing, and importantly, we expect to receive over $200 million of E.G. cash distributions during second quarter, more than making up for the first quarter delta versus consensus. And in fact, we expect E.G. cash distributions to exceed E.G. equity income for full-year 2023. We continue to strengthen our already investment-grade balance sheet, proving we can both deliver industry-leading shareholder returns and reduce our gross debt. It's not an either/or proposition. And operationally, first quarter oil production came in at 186,000 barrels of oils per day, consistent with our guidance. We expect an improving oil production trend into the second and third quarters, given our first-half weighted capital program and the associated timing of our wells to sales. Second key takeaway. Our full-year capital spending and production guidance remains unchanged. We remain on track to deliver our 2023 business plan, our plan that benchmarked at the very top of our high-quality E&P peer group on the metrics that matter most. Those metrics include total shareholder distributions relative to our market capitalization, free cash flow yield and free cash flow efficiency, reinvestment rate and capital efficiency, free cash flow breakeven on both the pre and post-dividend basis, and growth in our production per share. This is strong evidence that not only the quality of our assets but the strength of our operational execution and the merits of our disciplined shareholder-friendly capital allocation and return of capital framework that focuses on per-share growth. And my third and final takeaway this morning. While we are focused on executing our 2023 plan that leads our sector, we're equally focused on continuous portfolio enhancements to further improve our competitive positioning and longer-term sustainability. We've now successfully integrated the highly-accretive Ensign acquisition ahead of schedule and we're realizing excellent results from our initial wells to sales. We're delivering tremendous results in the Permian Basin since our return to activity last year. Today, the Permian is effectively competing for capital on a heads-up basis with the best of the Eagle Ford and Bakken in our portfolio, a very high bar to clear. And finally. in Equatorial Guinea, we've made great strategic progress and further strengthening the longer-term outlook of our unique, fully-integrated global gas business. With that, I'll turn it over to Dane, who will provide more detail on our 2023 outlook and how it stacks up to peers.
Lee Tillman: Yes, Arun, thanks for bringing a little bit of clarity to this point, but your math is relatively spot on. And the reality is that we do have a little bit of dislocation from time to time between equity income and receipt of the cash dividend and we're in that space in first quarter. But as you accurately stated, we're going to more than make up for that in second quarter with a greater than $200 million cash dividend payment coming from E.G. LNG, but your math is spot on, Arun.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Thanks for the question. You're exactly right. Right now, coupling both the Alba equity volumes with the Alen volumes, we're at a relatively high utilization rate through the physical plant. And that was really part of the design of Phase 1 was to ensure that with a long life, low decline deals like Alba, coupled with some third-party volumes, in this case Alen, that we would kind of bridge to that next set of opportunities and keep that facility utilized. And that -- that's been networks -- that work's completed. We now have another piece, the fantastic infrastructure and a pipeline that connects us with the Alen Field. So that phase is doing exactly what it was designed to do. As we look out ahead, Phase 2 is really dominated by really the shift in the commercial structure, which is less about really production volume and more about gaining more exposure to the global LNG market and the associated cash flow uplift that we'll see from that, of course. Even though we've seen a weakened gas environment, the reality is that the arbitrage between Henry Hub and global LNG pricing remains intact, and so that's going to be a value uplift. And an additional element that we've kind of brought into play as part of Phase 2 has been the fact that we are evaluating the potential for some Alba infill drilling opportunities, which have the potential to mitigate some of that base decline, but also allow us to move equity -- high-value equity molecules through the E.G. LNG facility. And just for clarity, we're still in the early days in that evaluation, but these are going to be -- this is relatively shallow water. This is jack-up drilling, dry trees, so when you think about it from a capital standpoint, there is not -- these are not going to be material movers in our capital budget. That will also be kind of phased out in time. And the test for those is just making sure that those do compete head-to-head with the opportunities, of course, that we have here in the U.S. So that's a little bit of an addition that we weaved into the story this quarter. And then, finally, when you get to Phase 3, this is again looking at third-party molecules coming from that broad kind of Alen-Aseng area, this is a gas cap associated with the Aseng Field that, of course, is operated by Chevron, just like the Alen is, and it's our view that we will be the monetization path for that, and that was part of the HOA that was signed with E.G. and other relevant parties. The positive there is all of that work, Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3, really extends us out through into the next decade. So it gives us this runway to now advance additional opportunities. So what could be beyond Phase 3? Well, we talked about and I mentioned in my opening remarks the bilateral agreement between E.G. and Cameroon, that opens up the aperture to cross-border opportunities. And quite frankly, as I said in my remarks, this is one of the most gas-prone areas in West Africa. There's a numerous discovered, undeveloped opportunities that E.G. LNG could provide a very efficient and profitable monetization route.
Lee Tillman: Yes. And if I -- maybe if I could just jump in for a minute as well, one thing I want to highlight is that, in the Permian numbers now, we have fully integrated what we refer to as the Texas Delaware oil play, the Woodford-Meramec oil play and it's been very successful for us. It has now migrated for more of an exploration play into really part of our base capital allocation within the Permian Basin. And so that's another tranche of inventory that has now moved in to that asset team. And that's unique in the sense that, I'll just remind everyone that our Permian and Oklahoma teams, they are integrated teams. And so it makes absolute natural sense for that Woodford-Meramec play to migrate into a team that already has such broad experience in how to develop those two zones. To your other question around acreage addition, what I would say to that is that our M&A framework remains unchanged. And if anything, the addition of Ensign probably rates that are even further. We still look at everything within our core basins. But I would just tell you that today, we don't see anything in the market that really satisfies what is a very demanding M&A criteria.
Lee Tillman: And I -- Scott, there's still details to be worked out there, but we believe that there will be competitive tension in the market for such an advantaged set of LNG cargoes that are proximal to the European market.
Lee Tillman: Well, I think we look at it through the lens of kind of how does that look relative to where we stand today. And when you think about the movement -- the bulk movement from a Henry Hub link to a global LNG link, I mean, the torque there, regardless of where absolute gas pricing goes is going to be pretty significant. I mean you're going to be talking about 2x or 3x kind of uplift as you move to a more index -- global index contract..
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, maybe to start off with the decline question. I mean, our nominal decline in E.G. is about 10% per year, so that's really where we land. There's no doubt that an Alba infill program will help mitigate some of that decline. It's probably too early to talk about the contribution and the amount of offset until that program is fully defined and ultimately funded by the partners. With respect to the turnaround, that's really a triennial turnaround. It's very comprehensive. It occurs usually every three to four years. It's both onshore and offshore, so it's a very comprehensive turnaround. And really, that's protecting uptime performance that's already world class at E.G. LNG. This is recognized as one of the best operating, most reliable facilities globally in the LNG market. And we're really investing to continue to protect that exceptional uptime performance that that team delivers really each and every year. And so this really is that investment. And it becomes even more important as we transition into this commercial phase where we're going to be leveraging much more heavily global LNG prices through the Henry Hub. So it's very fortuitous. It's beginning that turnaround done during low gas prices and while we're still linked to Henry Hub contracting.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I think that, if I could just jump in, Neal. I think that we intentionally left commercial and contractual flexibility in the second half of the year such that we would have the opportunity to take advantage of any softening in the market. However, we took no credit for that within the budget. So as Mike said, our budget fully reflects inflation across the full year. So if we were to see more softening, that would certainly be perhaps a bit of a even a tailwind in the second half of the year.
Lee Tillman: Maybe if I could just add too, Matt, we were really a first mover in this kind of combination Woodford-Meramec oil window and we were able to essentially amass a 55,000 net acre continuous position at relatively low cost at 100% working interest. And of course, now we see other operators are starting to get more active in both the Woodford and the Meramec. And I think that all is constructive and supportive of kind of what we've been saying all along. And we believe that that this asset can compete for capital allocations. One of the key reasons we've now integrated it in with the Permian is we believe we're out of the exploration phase and really moving into that developmental phase.
Lee Tillman: Maybe let me jump in on that one, Matt. I think as Mike mentioned in his opening comments, we expected first quarter to be right where we landed at, the 186,000. Our guidance for second quarter is right around the midpoint of the full-year guidance. But we do see second and third quarter being an increasing, if you will, oil production trend moving forward, which is really reflective of the capital program. Having said that, our full-year guidance remains intact and -- on both the oil and OEB basis. And so that profile will, in fact, generate those midpoints that we provided. And we also are very mindful, of course, of making sure that we maintain momentum as we start thinking ahead to 2024 as well.
Lee Tillman: Yes, well, certainly, as we look at the complete inventory in all of our basins, dry gas today is at a bit of a disadvantage, both pricing and as you say cost, as you get into some of these areas of these plays, the drilling and completion costs will get quite high. We also have, of course, dry gas optionality within our Oklahoma position as well. And that's a good example. I think, Oklahoma, we put in place a JV structure in Oklahoma that allows us to protect our acreage, keep our crews operating, and in general, be prepared if we do find that we see a more favorable environment for gas production and these combo plays that do rely a bit more heavily on both gas as well as NGLs. But the JV program is a good example of how we're really keeping everything warm and ready to go. So I don't think that gas question is necessarily limited to the Eagle Ford. I think it could apply to Oklahoma as well. And we just need to be ready with opportunities when that makes sense. It's all going to be done based on return and capital. I mean, I won't say we're completely agnostic on commodity. But at the end of the day, it's going to be driven by economics.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, I think you're right in the sense that there's, certainly, there is more gas optionality. Even though we're getting a lot of oil production from Ensign, it also brings significant gas with it as well, particularly in this very strong condensate window. But there are dry gas opportunities within Ensign as well that we could certainly look to exploit in the future. I do think, though, if you just step back, Scott, when you think about our portfolio today, we're generally kind of a 50% oil, 50% gas and NGL company. And we like that balance and we like that commodity price exposure. So we want to be very mindful of just, again, at an enterprise level, keeping that balanced exposure to the kind of the full commodity price. And that even includes our E.G. assets, which, of course, have a different kind of commodity price exposure and that they're exposed to both Brent on the condensate side, and then right now, clearly linked into global LNG. And in the future, that linkage is even getting stronger.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Without trying to look too deeply into the crystal ball, one of the things that we never want to pretend to do is to predict pricing going forward. But what I will say is that the world certainly needs more energy. A lot of power generation is going to still lean heavily on gas and in Europe, that's likely going to be LNG. There are LNG projects that are coming on in the second half of this decade that I think will start to meet that demand, but demand is growing. And so U.S. LNG as well as global LNG, we believe will still be in strong demand. And I think that that arbitrage will still be in play, certainly, between Henry Hub and global LNG linked contracts. So even if we see volatility in the absolute gas pricing, we think that arbitrage will still remain intact. And certainly, when you look at Europe today and you look at the dynamic there, we still believe that's going to be a strong market for LNG in the future.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, the reality is that we've already optimized our plan around that outcome. As I mentioned, we have a very balanced program at an enterprise level. But the reality is that our program is a very oil-weighted program in terms of capital allocation. The bulk of our capital allocation is flowing to our black oil basins, which are the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. So -- and that's, again, going back to that Oklahoma JV, we recognized that early on. And so rather than spending our operated capital there, we're basically leveraging the funding of others for that very reason. So we believe the program is already optimized around the commodity pricing that we're seeing today, and we feel very good that it's going to generate extremely strong returns.
Lee Tillman: Well, thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil. And I'd like to close by again thanking all our dedicated employees and contractors for their commitment to safely and responsibly deliver the energy the world needs now more than ever. Cannot be prouder of what they achieve each and every day. Thank you. And that concludes our call.
Mike Henderson: Thanks, Dane. As we've stated, the Ensign acquisition checks every box of our M&A framework, immediate financial accretion, return of capital accretion, accretion to inventory life and quality and industrial logic with enhanced scale, all while maintaining our financial strength and investment-grade balance sheet. We stated before our early focus with Ensign has been on integration and execution. Today, I'm happy to report that our integration of the asset is now complete. With a faster-than-anticipated timeline underscoring the execution confidence that comes with an acquisition and an established basin where we have a track record of success. And on the execution side, as highlighted on Slide 12 of the deck, early well performance continues to demonstrate that the acquired inventory offers some of the strongest returns in capital efficiency in the entire Eagle Ford. Of our first three parts, 14 wells in total, are delivering top decile oil productivity in the basin. We plan to bring online another 20 or so Ensign wells during the second quarter. These wells are expected to deliver accretive capital efficiency and financial returns with comparable oil productivity to our legacy Eagle Ford program. With that, let me turn to our Permian operations where the team has been delivering tremendous results since we returned to a higher level of activity last year. As a reminder, we effectively shut down our Permian program in 2020 during the COVID-related commodity price collapse. In hindsight, pausing activity was one of the best things we could have done, not dissimilar from the pause in activity we took in the Bakken during 2016, also during a period of low commodity price before we transformed the performance of that asset. More specifically, in the Permian, our team spent the last couple of years better understanding our acreage position from a top-down, bottoms-up perspective and repositioning that asset for success. We closely analyzed peer results across the basin by taking a hard look at our well spacing and our completion designs and we worked diligently on traits to core up areas we like to enable the extended laterals we are drilling today. The culmination of this hard work is shown on Slide 13. Since returning to activity at scale during the second half of last year, we brought 23 Northern Delaware wells to sales, 18 of which are extended laterals with an average lateral length of about 9,000 feet. These 18 extended laterals are significantly outperforming the Delaware Basin top-quartile on a cumulative oil basis by about 30%, truly exceptional results that compete with the absolute best operators in the basin. This well set also includes the strongest well in the entire Delaware Basin during 2022, the Thunderbird 014H in Red Hills, which produced over 380,000 barrels of oil during its first 180 days. Geographically, these 18 extended laterals are evenly split between our Red Hills and Malaga areas. And from this point forward, as we benefit from coring up our acreage footprint and high grading our development program, we'll almost exclusively be drilling the extended laterals. With these results, the asset is now effectively competing for capital against the best in the Eagle Ford and Bakken in our portfolio, which is no easy task and enhancing the long-term outlook for our company. I'll now hand it back to Lee, who will provide an update on our E.G. operations and then conclude our prepared remarks.
Mike Henderson: Hi, Scott, it's Mike here. I'll hopefully answer that question for you. In terms of the runway that we're looking at, at the current consumption rate, current activity rates, I think we've disclosed publicly that you're looking at almost two decades or up to two decades of -- maybe even more than two decades of potential inventory there. So that maybe gives you a fuel for what we could be looking like in the future. And you're absolutely right, based on the performance that the team has delivered there, not only from a well productivity perspective, but from an execution perspective as well, I mean, some of the drilling completion results that the team's delivered since they've got back to work in the middle of last year, absolutely competing for capital. And I would remind you that while maybe the completion activity, wells to sales is from [indiscernible] and Permian. We do have a pretty heavy drilling program this year, which will then set us up well for 2024. So we've kind of preempted this a little bit in terms of the performance with the additional drilling. We've been looking for those wells. We're not probably going to see those wells coming to sales until the early part of next year. But you're absolutely right, based on the performance that we've seen since getting back to work there, that asset is definitely going to be competing for capital as we go forward.
Mike Henderson: Pretty much, Scott. There's maybe -- it maybe tails off to the back end, but predominantly extended laterals. And quite frankly, the team have been very active converting some of those smaller SLs to XLs. So maybe some of those SLs that are at the back end of the portfolio at the moment. Expectation is that we'd be looking to convert those to longer laterals over time.
Mike Henderson: Yes, Clay, I'll speak about a little bit more color. We're looking at 99% plus uptime there from the facilities in E.G. So as we pointed out, it's really about protecting that uptime as we get into next year specifically.
Mike Henderson: I mean, obviously, super, super happy with how the integration's gone, ahead of schedule, no surprises, everything's positive. You saw the well results that we put at, I think it's in Slide 12 of the deck. Top- decile performance there on oil basis within the basin. I think it's a little bit too early to say in terms of a view of what that does from a capital allocation perspective. But I think first impression is very, very positive, and if we are going to be doing anything from a capital perspective, it feels like we may be allocating more in the future, but a little bit early just to get too definitive on that.
Mike Henderson: Yes, I'll take that one again, Neal, maybe just start with a reminder. Our 2023 guidance, we did incorporate about 10% to 15% inflation compared to 2022. And what we were assuming was the cost environment through 2023 would be comparable to the fourth quarter of 2022. We didn't assume any deflation over the second half of the year. We did assume a little bit of moderation in steel pricing, which we're actually starting to see. What I'd say we're seeing at the moment is maybe a general flattening or plateauing of service costs. What we are definitely seeing is the access side. That has definitely improved. And that could potentially lead to maybe some improved pricing later in the year. As I look at the specific or the larger areas of spend, start with maybe rigs, I think we've all seen the softer guidance and activity that the publics have come out within the second quarter again, could lead to some modest softening in the rig rates later in the year. Pressure pumping market access certainly improved, but I still think it's a little bit early to make the call on where rates potentially go in the second half of the year. And as I mentioned, steel pricing is definitely trending lower there, and that's pretty consistent with just the general softness that we're seeing in all of the commodities. One point I would make is with the improving market access situation and the contracting flexibility that we've got in the second half of the year, we've actually already been able to hybrid in a few areas of the business. So for example, we get more experienced crews, we're getting better equipment. That was something that couldn't happen five, six months ago. So I'm pro with painting a somewhat positive trend there. I would just caution, it does feel a little bit too early to be counting in deflation in the second half of the year. I think, particularly just when you think about the volatility of the backdrop that we face at the moment.
