Clarence Cazalot: Thank you, Howard. As you now have seen, Marathon's operating and financial performance in the third quarter was strong, registering a 63% increase in adjusted net income over the same quarter of 2009. And while we talk primarily about earnings and margins and volumes, I want to credit our employees for their continued focus on safe, reliable operations and controlling costs. We are, of course, disappointed by a more rapid and expected production decline in Droshky, and Dave Roberts will address that in some detail with you in just a moment. But I think it's important to view this one disappointment in the context of our overall solid Upstream business which will still achieve our promised 4% compound average growth rate in production from 2008 to 2011. Although I know some have been concerned about a lack of visibility for our production beyond 2011, we are now able to forecast an additional 5% organic growth, and that's primarily liquids, from 2011 to 2012. And as Dave will tell you in a moment, this growth is from ongoing projects, assets and opportunities in our portfolio. But we're not standing still. We continue to build our position for organic growth beyond 2012 in key assets like the Bakken, the Anadarko Woodford and other unconventional liquid plays and in new exploration areas like Poland and Kurdistan. As for our 2010 capital and exploration spending, we expect to spend our budgeted amount of about $5.2 billion. And while we won't announce our final capital plans for 2011 and beyond until our board approves them in January, I can tell you we expect ongoing CapEx to be in the $5.5 billion per year range that we've outlined for you before. Consistent with what we've done in the past, we're continuing to high grade our Upstream portfolio, and they sell or joint venture certain assets to reduce risk and/or generate funds for redeployment. And to the extent we generate free cash flow in excess of our spending, our priorities continue to be maintaining a strong balance sheet and to return cash to our shareholders. And now I'll turn it over to Dave for more details on Droshky and our overall Upstream business.
Clarence Cazalot: Yes, I would say M&A is not on the table, Blake, but I think certainly, as we've said, dividend is a very high priority for us. As you know, we increased our dividend earlier this year. It's considered every quarter by our board and is a very high priority for us. Stock buybacks, we've done in the past, I wouldn't rule them out in extraordinary cases where we have considerable excess cash. But at this point, obviously, we have an outstanding capital program going forward, driving the organic growth that Dave talked about. That's our first priority. And then again, to the extent, we have cash in excess of our spending, we'll look to distribute that to shareholders.
Clarence Cazalot: Well, Ed, what we try to do there, and to try to make our presentations more consistent with others, is we've used some industry averages for the resources per well that are available in these plays. I think we've been pretty consistent on projecting where we think the Bakken is going to get to over the intervening of period of time. And so that's the only one that we're comfortable right now projecting volumes on. And Niobrara is just way too early. We won't actually be getting out there until next year and drilling it. We would hope that we would be able to build the same type of profile that we have in the Bakken. But again, it's too early to try to promise that kind of thing. And again, we've got our initial wells going down in the liquids-rich portion of the Woodford, so too early to project where the production growth is going to go there.
Clarence Cazalot: Yes, I think we are still very excited. I think one of the things that is an obvious question is, does Droshky shake your confidence? And the fact to the matter is, is that the Miocene sand plays segment is they are in Droshky and to a similar degree in Neptune have given us a lot of information in terms of how we should evaluate these things on a go-forward basis. But our view is that we still have good prospects, 20 plus that we need to drill in the Gulf of Mexico. We'll see what they'll look like in terms of being continuous or discontinuous. And we remain very upbeat about the potential that we have in that portfolio. We have submitted regional plans to the government to start the process of getting back to work and specific of re-permits for our Innsbruck, which is the well that we suspended at the start of the moratorium, as well as some of the work that we need to do to permit Ozona because that's obviously something that we need to do in terms of getting that development ready to roll into 2011. And we'll follow suit with other permits. And I think the other thing that we would say is the rig that we have on the contract is in the Gulf, undergoing acceptance trials. And we'll see how that rig does in terms of its performance. And our view is that we would like to be able to get back to work shortly, but a lot of that depends on how the permitting goes and the acceptance trials of the Noble Jim Day.
Clarence Cazalot: Yes, Faisal, we were. In fact, if you look at the differential, I believe the differential this quarter versus same quarter last year was about $2.44 better. Obviously, a good portion of that would have been the Canadians.
Clarence Cazalot: In diesel exports, yes, we certainly have -- we are participating and sharing in the market of diesel exports with the new GME project in being able to meet the European spec. We certainly have been a big player in the diesel export market, and we expect to continue.
Clarence Cazalot: Okay, Mark. I'll let Garry speak to the differential outlook because obviously, from our comments earlier, we're bulls on liquid price. And so we believe that these plays are going to continue to be valuable on a go-forward basis. But I think you're exactly right. One of the things that we're going to be doing this winter is engaging in a pretty thorough delineation drilling program around our Birchwood assets. So we'll have some information that we'll put into our reservoirs team's hands beginning late the winter spring of next year to determine what we actually have there because we think, a, it's 100%. We think it's a pretty good prospect from what we've seen once we get some of the drilling done. We'll be able to see if that actually is going to feature heavily in our plans on a go-forward basis. So we're pretty keen to pursue the in situ agenda in Canada as well.
Clarence Cazalot: And with respect to Angola, we would direct any questions about the pace of future developments to BP because we're very satisfied with what they're doing and progressing the first development. And what we would say is they have a very sharp eye on future costs and obviously, trying to manage the existing developments, future developments in terms of what the existing cost environment is.
Clarence Cazalot: Ed,this is Clarence. I think what you're seeing is an out intent to build what is defined, sustainable, predictable, as Dave said, scalable portfolio, driven by these unconventional resource plays, primarily domestic, but at the same time have a component of our activity around biggie exploration which a good deal of which will be Gulf of Mexico and international that gives us the opportunity to drive impact value through success there. So it really is complimentary. They're not mutually exclusive. We think they're complimentary of one another.
Clarence Cazalot: Yes, prior to GME's new construction, our diesel units within all of Marathon's refine. We didn't have the ability to meet the European spec. And now we can do that, and we're exporting a significant amount of our variable diesel to the foreign markets.
Clarence Cazalot: Ultralow would be a part of that, yes. We only make ultralow out of Garyville. But there's also an additional spec to be able to meet the European specs.
David Roberts: Yes, I think, obviously, with the subtraction of the Droshky barrels, the key driver next year is going to be largely Oil Sands Mining. And so you would expect that margin to be a big driver from 2010 to 2011. But we do have substantial growth out of the Bakken as well, which are better margins. But obviously, that is going to feature. From 2011 to '12, what we would say is that our top to bottom, the top five growth areas year-to-year are going to be Angola, the Woodford play, Bakken, Ozona and followed lastly by Oil Sands Mining. So four of those five areas we would think are going to be much stronger margin plays. So '10 to '11, I take your point. But '11 to '12 and beyond, particularly, as we view the strength of the liquids unconventional in the United States, we think we're going to have pretty good margin growth as well.
David Roberts: Well, I mean I think if you think about this thing like I said in the fourth quarter being 32,000 barrels a day net. That 31,000 barrels a day net, it gives you an idea of -- we expect the exit rate to be in that neighborhood. And so the 15,000-barrel a day average next year should give you an idea with the typical 10% to 15% Gulf of Mexico decline, how this thing is going to play out over the year.
David Roberts: I think we have opportunities. What we have said consistently is that we manage our rig count in these plays in order to maximize the return potential of them. And of course, the macro conditions in the Bakken are pretty significant. The basin is now running close to 150 drilling rigs. I think Marathon has said consistently that we think this is a basin that probably is more comfortable in circa 100 area. And so that pressure is putting a lot of cost pressure. And you've seen this from some of our competitors in the basin in terms of being able to acquire and the cost of services. So we're going to be very prudent about trying to accelerate our growth there. We're pretty happy with the growth that we're getting. And right now, we're very comfortable with the logistics service profile that we have out there in terms of being able to deliver our program. So just building rate is a secondary concern to us.
David Roberts: Okay, Evan. I guess, what we would say without getting into too much technical detail, what we've ran into in Indonesia is essentially a rebel field. So you can imagine an unconsolidated formation of fairly large rocks. And this is somewhat unusual to be below the surface. But it's roughly 6,000 feet of depth is where we've encountered this. And that caused us some of our drilling concerns as we move forward. We basically moved off of Romeo, and we will return to that prospect probably in a different wellbore. We believe we're past it in Bravo now, and so we'll be back to normal drilling. The next couple of weeks will tell that tale. We've learned a lot about how to deal with that, and so we'll move forward. For 2011, we have two slots on the rig that we have contracted. One of the things that we'll look at is whether we'll drill additional wells around Bravo, depending on what the results are. We certainly would anticipate going back to Romeo with one of those slots. And we look at getting into Bone Bay either late next year or early 2012.
David Roberts: We basically started the first well or our partners did in July, August. And as you'd recall, the last one was started in October. It's early days for us in terms of the information that we're getting. And so it would not be possible to comment on how long it's going to take. These things tend to be progressed in a very prudent fashion. We'll be able to give more color as we get a little bit more familiar with it on a go-forward basis. So on the two blocks that Marathon has there, we've got a three-year period of time where we'll be doing geologic studies and seismic before we actually get on the ground drilling our wells. So again, early days for us, but we are all pleased that we actually have two wells going down in brand-new exploration block.
David Roberts: We have taken a write-down, yes, Paul. We had 26 million barrels. And right now, the proved reserves on the books, we're shelling 14 million with some upside for waterflood case and the well workover that we're going to do in February. So.
David Roberts: No, Paul, I think I was pretty clear. I mean, we've obviously looked at this pretty closely, leading up to this decision. And subsequently, as the well rates have fallen off. And we think the use of the analog was a correct thing. Obviously, the one thing that could've been different here is if you had the ability to do some production testing earlier, but we didn't have that option. And so if you had that capability, that would've been a way to figure this out early. But again, I think we did what we could do, and we're pretty comfortable with the technical work that was done here.
David Roberts: Well, I think what I've talked about is we're currently running six in the Bakken. In my view is that number is going to be consistent similar to the question that I answered from Blake a little bit earlier because we're comfortable with that as a pace. We have two running in the Woodford. That number could easily double or go higher. And the Niobrara, we'll obviously start with one next year, and depending on success, it could go dramatically higher. But as I said, if you take the eight, I could see that easily doubling over the next couple of years across the three basins.
David Roberts: Well, Faisel, we're running circa 80,000 barrels net out of our Norway businesses. We are going to see declines there, but they're going to be minimal, 4% to 5% a year. So those will be declining businesses over the period that you're talking about. So they will not be added to our production but certainly not a significant decline item.
David Roberts: Well, Pavel, I don't think there's any question that we think costs are going to go up. I mean there's going to be costs relative to protecting its liability, whatever kind of insurance consortium or individual insurance is required. There's no question that the participation in some of the needed containment consortiums is going to add cost for our business. But I think more importantly is right now, the lack of understanding for what the pace of available permits is going to be. We're going to put more time into the system and time and money in the Gulf of Mexico. So I would anticipate the costs are going to go up. The real question is, for us, is we're anxious to see the rules and the activity settle so we can understand what that is because obviously, that's going to impact our future decisions in that problem.
David Roberts: Yes, I think there's actually more oilfield service companies in the province than it's probably broadly known. But I think what we would say is we're hopeful that as companies like Marathon make an entry into this play, that more companies that provide oilfield services and larger companies will flow into this arena, giving operators broader choices and service providers and also cost options. So that's part of the issue around infrastructure, and one that we're not uncomfortable with now but certainly, we would like to see improved just like we do in all the basins we'd like to operate in. I think the key thing is going to be export capacity and how ultimately Kurdistan either accesses the pipelines in broader Iraq or comes up with alternatives that will allow them to secure their own export around. There is no question that all these stuff is going to continue to go north to the Turkish lines that run across. That's been the historic province there. It's certainly one that will be support. But that's going to be the critical issue in terms of developing oil and gas export infrastructure.
David Roberts: Yes, Mark, without giving too much color, we've basically been able to access our acreage or additional acreage in the Woodford. It's up $2,500 an acre. And the Niobrara, we're still under $1,000 an acre. So both plays, we're very comfortable with what we're doing in terms of acreage acquisition there.
David Roberts: I'll answer the second first. It's our view that the Kurdish regional government has the authority under the Iraqi constitution to have entered into this agreement. And it's agreement that I signed with the Prime Minister of the Kurdish regional government. We expect ultimately that these contracts will be consistent with Iraqi law reviewed by Central Commission. But we also have high confidence that they'll ultimately be approved. We have not yet made the transfer of fund.
David Roberts: Contractually, we're obligated to do that within a 90-day period of time. So we would expect to do it by the end of the year.
David Roberts: Well, I think I would call Paris or Lock [ph] but what I would say is that their percentage is probably relative to the size of their aggregate portfolios. It's not as meaningful as the 10% Block 31 is to us. It's still an outstanding development on track in terms of being able to deliver in 2012. And there's not too many 150,000 barrels a day developments that are available in the world today.
David Roberts: We don't have a dollar number on the underlift. What we give is the volumes, Ed, that we went through in the speech itself. I can go to those again off-line again with you.
David Roberts: Well, I think what we've said is we have proven our capabilities in the Bakken. We needed some balance in terms of creating the supply wheel of activities that you get in the unconventionals. We like the fact that there's a number of these that are liquids focused in the United States, particularly in areas that we're very comfortable in operating in. And we think it provides an appropriate balance, not only to our large-scale projects internationally, which are, as you know, huge cash flow drivers and earnings drivers for our business. But we think, by signaling our intent to go into places like the Kurdish Region of Iraq, we committed to the fact that we're going to be in fact exploration players as well. So Marathon is still committed to the track that we've said consistently is we think we can deliver value through multiple channel.
David Roberts: Yes, actually, the net resource that we're focused on right now is about 19 million, and we would compare that to 34 million. So we'll have to get back to you on how that compares to the $60 previous.
David Roberts: We'll get back to you on it, Doug, because I think the issue is that we have some incremental investments that we want to make, both with this workover that we're going to do. And then we are going to try to implement a waterflood out there as well that will change the quarter-to-quarter DD&A next year. So we'll get some more color on that, as I indicated earlier.
David Roberts: Kate, I think we tend to always give ourselves a little room so we can look at how projects are going to be delivered. But I think that the critical thing to think about for next year, since it's largely going to be driven by Oil Sands Mining, the real issue is when the upgrader is delivered for the project and when do we get through the shakedown period of time in terms of when that thing actually starts taking over. Just to give an example, towards the latter part of this year, the new mine up there we think could produce anywhere on a gross basis a bitumen between 10,000 and 20,000 barrels a day. That's a pretty big range just because it's a startup process. And then as the upgrader comes in, the real question is, is how quickly do you step-up to that 100,000 barrels a day there. So I would say that once we get a little bit more clarity on that in the first quarter of next year, my guess is the ranges will start coming in because there's not a lot of other moving parts.
David Roberts: Paul, we've not changed from our view that we can maintain 6% to 8% base decline across our assets with the interest that we have.
David Roberts: Well, I think, Paul, we typically would shy away from that granularity. But just broadly, I would say they're all in the 5,000 barrels a day equivalent range per day. And the only reason I'm giving you that kind of guidance is because it kind of goes to what we're talking about here, the depth and breadth of our portfolio. We're not overly dependent on single project.
David Roberts: It stands our gas to fuel project, and we continue to pursue that technology in terms of the research that we're doing in our lab. But basically, what we've gone into, and I think I've talked about this previously, is we're into more of a design phase of what it would take to actually scale this up. So we have not abandoned the technology.
David Roberts: No. Well, Mark, what we've said is that the upgrader can actually take more bitumen than we're capable of mining from the base mine from the Muskeg River Mine. And so that's why it's ramping up because we're taking what bitumen we can to the initial upgrader. And then as the second upgrader comes on stream, we'll ramp up the mining operation even more, which is also why Shell came out a couple of weeks ago, and we reiterated in our release that we see the upside of somewhere around 85,000 barrels a day of mining capacity because we think the upgraders have that much more capacity in them.
