Lee Tillman: Okay, well first of all, we’re very pleased to have the definitive agreements now executed for the Alen unit gas, and maybe just as a reminder for everyone on the call, we are taking advantage of existing capacity at our world-class integrated gas infrastructure at Punta Europa. Really, although I can’t get into specific commercial terms because they’re confidential, the value proposition for Marathon is through a combination of tolling and profit-sharing such that all parties benefit from exposure to global LNG prices. I would also say that additionally, with only tie-ins and minor modifications required at our facilities with the Alen unit bearing all of the capital costs associated with getting the gas to Punta Europa, capital requirements to Marathon are really minimal. We expect first gas nominally in 2021, so with that we also are going to enjoy the added benefit of extending the Alba tail, our own equity molecules, by delaying any future turn-down of the EG LNG plant. When I think about the value proposition for us, Arun, it’s really building on that base EBITDAX that we’re already achieving through the Alba PSC, and this is layering on top of it through both a tolling arrangement as well as some market exposure through profit-sharing.
Lee Tillman: Well certainly you’re absolutely correct, Arun - the agreement that we have in place, the long term agreement we have in place at EG is Henry Hub link, and it does run its course in 2023. Post that time, the Alba volumes will be subject to negotiation into the open market, so there’s absolutely the potential for uplift there. With the Alen volumes, obviously, we will have that exposure to the broader LNG market starting really when we see first gas from that opportunity, and although we really can’t quantify that expertly today, we know that, as you say, given today’s market, we feel that directionally that is simply adding incremental value to what is already a very high value asset for us. 
Lee Tillman: I’ll maybe start, Neal, just by reiterating something from my opening comments, which is our budget is our budget. We have a $2.4 billion development capital budget that compares to a $2.3 billion budget that we delivered against last year. We are a little bit front half of the year loaded in terms of wells to sales, so it was great to come in really with a ratable number in first quarter. You will have noticed that we had a large proportion, though, of wells to sales in first quarter. Many of those, we’ll see the advantage of, obviously, in second quarter and beyond, but everything is going in the right direction for us from a capital efficiency standpoint. The asset teams are doing a tremendous job of continuing to drive completed well costs lower. We certainly saw that as an advantage in first quarter. As we look throughout the year, we’re very comfortable with delivery against not only our $2.4 billion budget but also our commitments on oil growth for the year. Importantly, that’s going to translate into very strong financial momentum as well, which is first quarter in our plan was always going to be our lightest from a free cash flow standpoint. That momentum is only going to build as we move into second quarter and the rest of the year. 
Lee Tillman: I’ll maybe offer a few comments and then clearly Mitch can chime in as well, if he wants. When we look at completed well costs, I think of several buckets that are really contributing to our ability to drive those costs lower. First and foremost, it’s really working the supply chain. Our ability to integrate into the supply chain, do a lot of self sourcing has really been a key enabler across all of our basins. Our supply chain team has really stepped up and has just done an outstanding job in how they are assisting the asset teams and driving our costs down from a supply chain perspective. With some of that self sourcing, it’s opened up some interesting commercial opportunities for us as well, particularly with our pumping providers. I think those commercial terms that we’ve been able to put in place that really do reward strong performance and efficiency, so it’s a win-win for both the provider and the operator, have also been a key element of that cost direction. Then finally, it’s just down to the sheer efficiency that we’re observing. We continue to see, whether it’s our rate of penetration on our drilling rigs and our time to drill coming down, or it’s simply the number of stages that we’re able to put away per day even though some of the stage, maybe, are more complex and more intense than they ever have been, we continue to see gains in those areas. So when you put all that together, that is really what is helping drive our completed well costs lower. I think if we look out throughout the year, assuming that I think the mandate around capital discipline across the segment continues to hold true and thus supply and demand stays relatively stable in the service sector, we simply don’t see a lot of pressure from an inflationary standpoint that we would need to be concerned with as we move throughout the year. But that’s obviously going to be very dependent upon the activity levels and the response from other folks in our segment.
Lee Tillman: I think maybe first just stepping back a little bit, Ryan, and talking about our approach to enhancing and expanding our inventory and our resource base, it really is threefold. It starts with the organic enhancement work that’s been going on within our asset teams and within our basins. We saw obviously the results of that in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken as we continue to extend the core area in places like Atascosa County, obviously Hector, and Ajax. So that remains a key element, and we have dedicated development capital that is continuing to chase further organic enhancement this year. The second element really is the one that you referenced, which is around small, bolt-on, incremental leasing that really fits hand-in-glove with our existing position in basins, so these are very surgical, very selective. We’re really looking at opportunities that are synergistic to the positions that we’ve already created. The 50-plus gross company operated wells that we talked about for the Bakken that came by way of a bolt-on and some leasing, that fits that description perfectly. We also continue to have ongoing opportunities for trade, etc. in places like the Permian, so that is a very important element and really complements the organic enhancement work that we’re doing in basin. Then when you step a little further afield, we of course have the REX program, which is our resource play exploration program, that is really chasing those greenfield leasing positions that can offer the potential for outsized full cycle returns, so low entry costs, material positions near basins or even new basins, so when I look at all three of those things in concert, and then to me the final complementary effort to that is the work that we continue to do on enhanced oil recovery as well, and we’re on Phase 2 on EOR in the Eagle Ford. So when I look at that framework, we feel very good about our ability to continue to move the needle on both the quality and scale of our resource base going forward.
Lee Tillman: Yes, first of all, for absolute clarity, I would not refer to them as licensing rights. It was simply commercial agreement for LNG sales off the back of the LNG, so I don’t want people to confuse that, for instance, with the PSC or anything. 
Lee Tillman: Yes. Certainly the commercial terms that you described - again, we can’t get into details on our commercial terms. We’ve already talked about that that Shell/BG legacy contract runs its course in 2023, and at that point the Alba molecules are available for negotiation into the open market, so we are essentially released from the obligations of that contract. It doesn’t mean that we can’t renegotiate some type of deal with the existing partners with Shell, but we’re not limited to simply negotiating with them. As I mentioned, one of the advantages of continuing to bring in additional third party gas opportunities is that we--it allows us to avoid taking the LNG plant into turndown mode, which allows us to extend the Alba tail which gives us more of our own equity gas molecules to get into the market, once that 2023 arrangement runs its course. 
Lee Tillman: The PSC doesn’t expire until--I think it’s post 2030, 2040, in that time period. PSC expiry is not an issue for us, and I would also add that in most cases, when we face extensions on PSCs particularly for a footprint like we have in EG, I think there would be an open door there to negotiate that to the satisfaction of not only us as the operator but also the government.
Lee Tillman: I think first of all for us--first of all, thank you for the kind words, and it’s been a complete and total team effort to get to where we are today in our transformation journey, so the recognition is really a team recognition here at Marathon. But on share price performance, we try to focus internally on the things that we can control, and ultimately we believe our model, our execution, our portfolio will ultimately win the day, and as investors, whether they be generalists or energy focused, begin to turn their attention back to the sector, we believe that we’re going to offer a very strong investment profile for them to take advantage of. We believe that we can compete with not only our own space but with the broader S&P 500. Just on the M&A point, and again I’m not going to comment on current deals or anything in the market, but what I would say is when you look at the activity and recent announcements, and even some of the investment plans that we have seen from some of the majors, in my way of thinking, it only really serves to highlight the attractive characteristics of the U.S. short cycle unconventional assets, and the fact that on a risk-adjusted return basis the U.S. unconventionals compete at a global level. So we’re very committed to our multi-basin strategy, we believe that’s the right way to proceed. We think it delivers the right kind of shareholder outcomes, and we’re going to continue to execute against that model. We think with that consistency of execution, the recognition from the market and from investors will come. 
Lee Tillman: Yes, first of all, let me take the first part of your question, Scott. It has always been a feature of our business plan this year, regardless of pricing, that our operational momentum and hence our organic free cash flow momentum would be inflecting between first and second quarter and improving as we move throughout the year. Having said that, we’ve also been equally clear that even on our share repurchase program, we’re going to be very disciplined with a governor of how much organic free cash flow are we actually generating. We’re not going to do anything that will damage our balance sheet. We have worked very hard. Our finance team has done a great job of positioning us now to be investment grade across the board with all of the ratings agencies. That’s come from, I think, a pattern of taking very disciplined and thoughtful actions around our balance sheet, and that’s going to continue in the future. The U.K. transaction is progressing. We’ve kind of said that it would likely close in the second half of the year. When we see that money come into the portfolio, we also have to recognize that there is an offset to that, that is staying back in the corporate structure in the U.K. so net-net, we just have to remember that that by no means is a windfall that we could potentially immediately dedicate into share repurchases. So we’re going to stay with our formula, which is we’re going to drive our share repurchases through our organic free cash flow. To the extent that we see other proceeds, those will be available for other attractive opportunities - you mentioned REX, we’ve talked about small bolt-ons today, all of that would be in play, and that’s a decision that we’ll take on game day when we see those opportunities arise.
Lee Tillman: First of all, and I’ll mention a few things and then see if Mitch wants to chime in as well, I guess when I think about 50 gross operated wells between the bolt-on and leasing, I don’t think of that as a handful. I mean, that’s pretty meaningful, and that well count, just for clarity, that is gross operated well count. We don’t talk in terms of non-operated or OBO type well count, so I just want to be very, very clear on that. Because we’re still active from a leasing and even a small bolt-on acquisition standpoint, we don’t necessarily want to get too specific about where we’re chasing opportunities, but I would just say that in general, these are fitting within our footprint in areas where we have developed confidence in our ability to drive more value than likely another operator from those positions.
Lee Tillman: Yes, let me talk broadly about commodity risk management and then I’ll let Dane address the hedge book directly. When we think about commodity risk management, we think about it really in three areas. One you mentioned, Jeanine, which is the strength of our balance sheet, that is part of our commodity risk management strategy. Number two, and also equally as important, is our very low enterprise breakeven point that we’ve established, so that provides us that latitude in a very broad range of pricing environments. Then the third element is in fact our formal hedge book and how we look at hedging, particularly in a portfolio that, for instance this quarter, is a 60% oil weighted portfolio. With that, maybe I’ll just let Dane talk a little bit about the hedge book and our strategy that we’ve tried to put in play there
Lee Tillman: If I could just maybe add in, Jeanine, that this all links back, though, to that first objective we talked about in our framework for success, which is enterprise level returns. Whether you look at Eagle Ford or the Bakken, both of those programs are driving our enterprise level returns directionally more positive, and so we can spend a lot of time talking about IP30s and they’re an indicative piece of information, but you also have to look at [indiscernible] production, well costs, all of those things, cycle times all factor into the economics of these wells, and the reality is our toughest comparison point is ourselves right now, particularly in the Bakken.  When you look at things from a relative standpoint, yes, there was some change in the mix, and we don’t get too wrapped around the quarter to quarter variations when we see that it’s being driven by geology and other fundamentals. We’re going to remain resolutely focused on returns and making sure that those well level returns translate into corporate level returns at the end of the day. 
Lee Tillman: Yes, first of all on relative capital allocation, the results that we have been referring to today were really fully cooked into our original multi-basin optimization, so it in no way impacts the relative capital allocation. Recall Brian that we’re kind of on a 60% Bakken-Eagle Ford to 40% Oklahoma and Permian, and even within those splits, we are staying pretty true to that initial relative capital allocation that we talked about back in February. From that standpoint, this is not really impacting, I think, anything from a capital allocation standpoint. 
Lee Tillman: Absolutely, yes. We built in obviously assumptions around both efficiency and inflation into our forward plan. We’re tracking very well to both of those, so again we don’t see that as being in any way a factor in our go-forward capital program.
Lee Tillman: Yes, it is a bit of a--I’ll call it a bit of a dual matrix in that sense, Brian. We look, one, at our current and forward free cash flow generation from a sustainability standpoint, so that’s generally linked to our operational performance coupled with where the forward curve is sitting, but we also look at our own internal relative NAV valuations relative to what we’re seeing on our shares in the market, and today we would say that our shares still offer a very good value. Again, going back to that returns first orientation, we believe that that is still the preferred mechanism today for getting money back to our shareholders. It doesn’t mean that we don’t look at the dividend and assess that each and every quarter, but today I think with the volatility, I think with the ability to scale to free cash flow and the returns that it offers, we feel very strongly that the share repurchase program that we’re on today is the right answer. We’ll continue to evaluate that as we see the market respond. 
Lee Tillman: Great observation, David, and that’s one that we obviously track and look at as part of our plan as well. We do have a little bit of a localized dip in working interest in the first quarter for both the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, but that’s going to recover in forward quarters to probably look a little bit more familiar to where we were, say in the first part of even 2018. 
Lee Tillman: The areas, I guess, probably where we feel the non-operated the most are probably Oklahoma and northern Delaware. Not to say that we don’t have a little bit in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, but the areas where we see probably the largest exposure are really in those two basins. I would say thus far, it’s probably still a little too early in the year to fully assess the trends, but we certainly would say that activity today is probably at or a little bit below our assumptions. Whether that trend continues or we see some of that pressure later in the year, that’s something we’re just going to have to watch.
Lee Tillman: Yes, first of all, that team has advanced more quickly to multi-well pad drilling than really any other asset that we’ve been involved with, so they are moving at a very rapid pace but they’re still learning. There’s still a lot of delineation left to do there, it’s a big footprint. There’s also some leasehold work that we still have to do in northern Delaware. You couple that with some continued restrictions, I’ll just say globally for the industry around takeaway, etc., I think we’re on a very good pace there. I mean, we’re growing and we’re growing on a relatively small volume, but while we’re growing, we’re learning and we’re also producing these kinds of well productivity very early in the life of the asset, so all of that to me is very encouraging.   We view northern Delaware as one of the growth engines for the future, but we’re going to make sure that we pace that, one, in the context of how quickly we can learn and make smart economic decisions, but also in the context of optimizing that in our broader multi-basin portfolio. 
Lee Tillman: I’ll maybe offer a few comments and then ask Dane maybe to jump in as well. First of all, I would say a lot of the sector activity has been raising dividend on what was already a low or nonexistent base, so where we sit today even with all those raises, we are still sitting right around the average from a yield standpoint. We think it does introduce some constructive tension around capital discipline and capital allocation which we think is valuable today in the current environment. Our preferred mechanism is share repurchase, but we continue to assess dividend and dividend yield and payout as a matter of course with our board each and every quarter, and to the extent that we see that that is a preferred mechanism, we’ll address that at that point in time.  That’s just where we are today. It doesn’t mean that’s where we’ll be a year from now.
Lee Tillman: No, absolutely not. We have multiple assets that are throwing off free cash flow today, and even with--the big impact in the first quarter in EG was of course the triennial turndown, which took us down basically to zero rate for a period of time, so that’s--so that EBITDAX number is not a ratable number to use for the remainder of the year. But even with that impact in the first quarter from EG, we still had strongly flowing free cash from places like the Bakken and the Eagle Ford that more than took up the slack, hence the reason we were able to generate $80 million of organic free cash flow in the quarter.
Lee Tillman: We recognize that investors have choices, and we appreciate your interest in Marathon Oil. Execution excellence leads the way in our company, and I’d be remiss without thanking all of our dedicated employees and contractors who deliver on that mandate 24/7, quarter in and quarter out. Thank you very much, and that concludes our call.
Mitch Little: Sure Neal, this is Mitch. I’ll address that question. Absolutely as we go throughout the year, you’re going to see additional activity down in Hector area as well as Ajax, as well as continued activity in Myrmidon. It’ll be a bit more diverse program as we go throughout the year, but as you say, really proud of what the team is doing out here, really basin-leading efforts both on well productivity and on well costs. The program that we delivered in Q1, based on available public data for the basin, still looks to be delivering IP30s that are on average about 40% higher than peer average, and when we look at this program in aggregate, we expect the Q1 program to achieve payout in something around six months, so just really impressed with what the team is doing. You know, we don’t drive our teams to focus on flashy IP24s or even flashy IP30s. The discipline that we’ve instilled is around capital efficiency improvement, looking at hat holistically from both well productivity and the well costs.
Mitch Little: Sure Jeanine, this is Mitch again. Maybe I’ll reiterate a couple of the comments I made earlier on Bakken, and then I’ll jump to Eagle Ford and address that as well. I think it starts with taking a look back a little bit, and as I said, I’m extremely proud of the efforts our teams have done to uplift the quality of our inventory across our position in both Bakken and Eagle Ford. Our internal dialog and the discipline and the mindset that we’re establishing is one of capital efficiency and improving corporate returns, so we look at his holistically and over the long run, both from a well productivity and a capex perspective, in the Bakken as best we can tell from public data, our Q1 results are about 40% better than the next closest peer on IP30s, and payout for both our Eagle Ford and our Bakken Q1 programs is on the order of six months. That’s an investment that’s going to compete at the top of our portfolio and really anybody’s portfolio, day in and day out. I’m really proud of what we’re delivering. All that being said, there will be some variability across all these plays, and that’s nothing unique. We publish our results every quarter down the pad level in Bakken and Eagle Ford, so you can see those trends over time. There’s no doubt that the very best ROC in each of those basins is going to deliver the very best results, so we’ve got results we’re proud of, really impressive earns If you take a look at the Eagle Ford specifically, those are the lowest well costs of any of our four basins. We’ve got access to MEH pricing, an extremely efficient operation in the Eagle Ford, and as I mentioned earlier, the returns from these programs are phenomenal.  I’ll leave it there.
Mitch Little: Sure Jeff, this is Mitch again. We’ve been talking for a little while, several quarters at least, on the integrated workflows and state of the art tools that we use, including 3D fracture modeling and seismic inversion processing in Oklahoma on particular to design our development approach in the stack and across the basin, down to a sub-region level. You’re aware that the characteristics change across the play, and so we’ve utilized that integrated workflow to optimize not only well density but also landing zone, so it’s going to vary across each of those. For example, the lower well density was across the single landing horizon where the other two pads would have been across multiple landing horizons, but all in the Meramec section. 
Mitch Little: Sure John, this is Mitch again. I think we disclosed this as well in our initial capital release, but high 80s to around 90% of our activity is going to be in the Carnes and Atascosa County areas, which leaves the remainder to address things like you’re mentioned here on the call. We have pivoted to not only focus and continue to work on enhancing the quality of the inventory across that expanded core, but also looking at opportunities that have the potential to add hundreds of additional sticks across our Bakken and Eagle Ford positions. Those activities are being funded as well, and there’s many of them in progress. It’ll likely be late ’19, maybe early ’20 before we’re in a position to talk in more detail about those, but this effort and this advantaged quality that we’ve driven across our core basin for the last couple years is now being--continuing to focus on that, but also being expanded to look at opportunities that also increase the depth of inventory in both of those basins.  The short answer was yes, we do plan activity outside of Carnes and Atascosa this year, but the more holistic answer there is there’s a lot of good things going on in the Eagle Ford and Bakken, and our other two basins, for that matter, across the entire space of both, upgrading the quality and the quantity.
Doug Leggate: Yes, I’m thinking more about the upstream side of it, sorry, in terms of the production. Sorry, I should have been clear on that.
Doug Leggate: Okay, so to be clear, when does the PSC expire and what are [indiscernible] potential for you retaining--
Doug Leggate: Okay, I appreciate that. My follow-up is--and I’m going to apologize in advance for this one, it’s an M&A question. Look - you’ve done a phenomenal job since you joined Marathon several years ago, and the free cash flow speaks for itself. I like to characterize it as putting good assets in the hands of great management. The downside of everything you’ve done, however, is that your share price has not really been differentiated relative to your peer group, despite everything that you’ve done, so I’m just curious what do you think Marathon has to do to see a step change in market recognition of what you’ve done, and I’m wondering if you see any appetite to take good assets into your management and eliminate what, in some cases, are excess overheads in what is clearly a portfolio that could fit very nicely with some other companies.
