Christopher C. Phillips - Director: Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning and welcome to Marathon Oil Corporation's third quarter 2015 earnings call. I'm Chris Philips, Director of Investor Relations. Also on the call this morning are Lee Tillman, CEO and President; J.R. Sult, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mitch Little, Vice President International and Offshore Exploration and Production Operations; Lance Robertson, Vice President North America Production Operations; and Zach Dailey, Director of Investor Relations. As has become our custom, we released prepared remarks last night in conjunction with the earnings release. You can find those remarks and the associated slides at marathonoil.com. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded, and our comments and answers to questions will contain forward-looking information subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Please refer to the aforementioned slides for additional information on forward-looking statements. Reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures we discuss can be found in the quarterly information package on our website. With that, I will turn the call over to Lee.
Christopher C. Phillips - Director: Thanks, Lee. Before we open the call to questions, we'd like to request that you ask no more than two questions with associated clarifications, and you can re-prompt as time permits. With that, Sylvia, we'll open the lines for questions.
Christopher C. Phillips - Director: Thank you for your questions and interest in Marathon Oil. I'd like to thank everyone again for their participation this morning. Please contact Zach Dailey or myself if you have any follow-up questions. Operator, thank you. This concludes today's conference call. And you may now disconnect.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Well, of course, for us, as we've stated, the objective for us in 2016, particularly in the current pricing environment, will be balance sheet protection. And, of course, balancing our cash flows and living within our means. That is our primary objective. We're still very much in the planning cycle. The numbers we presented are preliminary. The work is ongoing. But we felt it important, as we communicated the change or the adjustment in the dividend, to also pair that up with at least an early view of 2016 outlook.
Lee M. Tillman: Yes. Thus far, of course because we're still very early in the planning process, we haven't provided quite that level of granularity down to the basin level, but that will be coming as we finalize the plan. However, what I will share that is as incremental cash flow comes available, and we think about our program in 2016, due to the returns and the growth potential in Oklahoma, we expect it to compete very favorably in the capital allocation process. So I would just say more to come on that point as we finalize our plan.
Lee M. Tillman: Okay Very good. Well, thanks and good morning, Doug. Of course, our decision around the adjustment and the dividend, one of the aspects of that was in fact the capital flexibility that it provides as we think about driving more allocation into the resource plays as we see more constructive pricings. But as we think about where that first incremental capital may be directed, Doug, the way I think about it is it's going to be driven by economics, which today says that that capital would be targeted toward incremental activity in both the Eagle Ford as well as ultimately Oklahoma, expanding our operated program in Oklahoma. In terms of the non-core asset question, maybe let me step back and just address that in general first and foremost. We have high confidence in our $500 million target that we have put out on the non-core assets. We have, of course, shared that we had, in fact, closed the earlier announced deal in East Texas, North Louisiana. We have many of those opportunities in process today and continue to feel that there is a market out there for the right type of assets. So our confidence in that remains very high. There will, no doubt, be implications as we are successful in those transactions from a capital avoidance standpoint, but it's probably a bit premature to get into those numbers until we actually are able to execute deals.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think – let me – I believe what you're referring to, Doug, as we look out into 2016, there will naturally be associated scheduled and planned downtime as we do the installation of the compression project. That, of course, is fully accounted for in the preliminary numbers that we have shared thus far. So that work is integrated into that. So as we think about that 4Q exit that we talked about, which was really talking about the resource plays, 4Q exit to full-year 2016 average, that's really outside of the total company. But when you think about it from a total company perspective, given that we have provided direct guidance on the resource plays, I like to think about it in really a few kind of large buckets. One is, of course, Equatorial Guinea, which will largely be flat ex the downtime that I just addressed. Two, oil sands mining, which will have largely, again, a flat profile ex planned maintenance and turnaround, we do have some other North America onshore assets that will have relatively shallow declines. And then, of course, in our conventional GOM and mature UK businesses, which albeit relatively small volumes, we'd expect those to have typical mature declines. So as you put that overlay on it, I just wanted to try to give a feel for what volumes might feel like in their totality in 2016.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think, Brian, I believe our board is looking at it quite holistically. They're looking at it in an aggregate for all shareholders, what is the model based on our portfolio that will deliver the best total shareholder return. When you think about the logic, I believe, that the board went through with the leadership team, it was really looking at the dividend in the context of appropriately addressing this lower for longer environment and the uncertainty that's associated with it. It was really making certain that we could protect our balance sheet through the cycle. And then finally, and I think most importantly, it provides us that capital flexibility going forward as we see more constructive pricings to drive more investment at a higher return into the U.S. resource plays. And of course, it gave us an increase in our free cash flows by greater than $425 million. So, I believe the board looked at it holistically, it looked at it in the context of the preliminary plan data that we had to share with them at the time, and it was really that collective logic that went into it.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. No, great question. On Shenandoah, of course, we're still very much early in the appraisal phase. We've seen some excellent results from the last appraisal well, and I think we shared those as well as the operator has shared those. We haven't reached an investment decision, of course, around Shenandoah in the base case. Ultimately, it will need to compete for capital allocation head to head with the rest of our opportunities. But until we see the final development plan and can make, I would say, a thoughtful decision around that, I think that's an open question.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think the way we have thought about that very preliminary guidance that we provided, Roger, is really rooted in our overarching objective of balance sheet protection. And in the current environment, a sub $50 environment we are not solving for growth at that point. We are really looking at living within our means inclusive of both the dividend as well as our non-core asset program. The preliminary guidance we provided we believe provides us a pathway to that cash flow neutrality. But as we see more constructive pricing or a more constructive outlook, certainly we'll take a thoughtful approach to how we allocate that and the number one column (32:08) in that allocation will be our U.S. resource plays. But I'd just emphasize that we're still very early still in the planning cycle.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Pavel, I mean first of all I would still say even with our current dividend level, that is – remains our first call on cash flow. But in terms of the why now question, which I believe is what you're asking around the adjustment to the dividend. The way I would describe that is, first of all, it's really been a further and continued volatility and weakness in the commodity pricing environment. I would say, secondly, it's been a growing confidence in the quality, but most importantly the depth of our U.S. resource play base, which we just added in the past quarter 600 million oil equivalent barrels of 2P resource there. And then, I would say the third factor that really was the trigger point is that we were able to share a preliminary view of our plan at the board level. So, there was – we had the ability to put that dividend adjustment in the context of our forward outlook and plan. So, those were really the three, I would say, triggers, Pavel, in terms of the why now question.
Lee M. Tillman: Well, again, we're going to follow our rigorous capital allocation process, Pavel. So that it's going to be driven by economics. But there are cases, and Lance alluded to one earlier, where there are lost opportunity aspects to some of the plays, specifically in Oklahoma, where we still have significant term lease that we need to hold. We are going to be looking to protect that as a top priority. So, I wouldn't necessarily call that special treatment. I would just call that being smart about our business.
Lance W. Robertson: Yeah. Ed, good morning. This is Lance. I think as we look at it, perhaps where I'd start with is, earlier in this quarter, we actually disclosed an unconventional resource portfolio in North America of 5,500 wells. And of that portfolio, I think we described the first five years of it, 77% of that returns better than breakeven at $50 flat oil. And of that inventory, Eagle Ford is by far the largest component. And I think we have confidence we have many years of what you describe as Tier 1, or high-quality development, left in that asset, Ed.
Lance W. Robertson: Ed, I think I'd start maybe at the last end of that question first. I think we have a lot of confidence that we're so early in the development cycle in both of the Oklahoma resource basins, both SCOOP and STACK, that we're nowhere near the highest efficiency, best completions yet. So, we expect well productivity to continue to increase over time, particularly as we get to scale and we have more opportunity to experiment in a structured way. Similarly, maybe perhaps best illustrated by the Smith pilot that was in our earnings deck, we also expect that more mature development cycle as it unfolds for us to really be able to materially impact the capital costs. I think that example where we're down 33% from the front-end to the back-end of that pad is emblematic of what we expect on a full-cycle basis. So I have complete confidence that we're going to continue to deliver both better costs and better productivity in Oklahoma, and that's going to help both the XL wells and the SL wells compete favorably for capital across the cycle.
Lance W. Robertson: Hey, Brian. I mean, our Eagle Ford asset has a substantial oil component, a substantial condensate component, and some wet condensate, a little bit of that as well. And so in this environment, the lower for longer, we're – in a disciplined way, we're choosing the highest return opportunities at current pricing. The condensate's generally been providing those returns, and so we're seeing a small change in mix to a little bit less oil overall. We still have large inventory in the oil and in the condensate left to develop in the future. And depending on commodity prices, we're going to consistently choose those highest return opportunities. As large as the base is, overall, we don't expect the mix to change very much over the – on the long-haul basis.
Lance W. Robertson: Sure. I think one of the things we've seen, David, over the balance of this year is we just continue to get more and more efficient overall, both in the completion cycle and in the drilling cycle. I think we've illustrated that in the deck. And we continue to avoid building an inventory of drilled but uncompleted wells. So what you're seeing is us manage as we get more efficient with those rigs and we do it at lower cost, we have more opportunity to invest. We're just managing that inventory in an efficient operational basis overall. No intent to build inventory or to deplete it. We want to keep it relatively constant. And so we're managing that actively, David.
Lance W. Robertson: Sure, David. I think as we're working through this early part of the Meramec, it's important to realize that we're focusing primarily on leasehold drilling. So we're covering a diverse area of several counties to convert these term leases to held-by-production. We expect to see some diversity in those early well results. We're still working on the best designs in the completion and how we manage those wells in the early days. So, I think while our results aren't perhaps as much as we desire, we expected this diversity, it's early days. We're excited about seeing the continued momentum in the basin. The IPs continue to get better. The productivity is improving overall. And importantly, the cost improvements over the last year have been very material. And on top of that, you're seeing us continue to be opportunistic in adding acres in this area at attractive pricing as we continue to see this as a great place to invest in the future.
Lance W. Robertson: Roger, I'd say operationally, we continue to bring the wells back in each basin based on the flow back parameters that drive the best well productivity. We're not managing those lower, I think in the way you're describing just to manage the production profile. We're doing it to drive best well productivity In some small cases basin-to-basin where there – you may have a once in a while a limitation on gas capture, for example, in North Dakota, or we may build a facility that slightly undersized to minimize our spend, and we'll peak shave. But those tend to be short term and those are the exception not the rule. So overall we're continuing to manage the chokes and the flowback to drive best well productivity.
