Mike Henderson: Thanks, Lee. As Lee mentioned, our 2021 $1 billion maintenance capital program is fairly consistent with our capital allocation framework, prioritizing the financial and operational results that matter most. A few of the highlights, as summarized on Page 6 of our earnings deck, our $1 billion maintenance program is expected to deliver $1 billion of free cash flow at $50 WTI with a reinvestment rate of just 50%. You'll note this is an improvement of about $100 million relative to the maintenance scenario, free cash flow outlook we provided last quarter at the same price deck due to a combination of further capital efficiency improvements and ongoing cash cost reductions. Our 2021 corporate free cash flow breakeven is comfortably below $35 WTI, underscoring the resilience of our program. We are targeting $500 million of gross debt reduction this year, consistent with our objective to continue improving our balance sheet. We will drive further GHG emissions intensity improvement, targeting a 30% reduction relative to our 2019 baseline. And we expect to deliver flat total company oil production relative to fourth quarter 2020 exit rate. Regarding the operational details, approximately 90% of our capital will be dedicated to the Bakken and Eagle Ford, the industry's most capital-efficient basins. We will operate around 5 to 6 rigs and will average about 2 frackers for the year. Additionally, I'd like to address 2 other topics of interest regarding our 2021 outlook. First, last week was obviously a challenging one from a weather perspective, equally impacting all of our primary basins. Each of our asset teams has demonstrated an ability to respond successfully to significant weather events, be it hurricane, floods or extreme winter weather. However, the broad nature of this extreme winter storm tested all of our asset teams simultaneously. I would like to recognize all of the efforts of our field teams across the U.S. who have gone above and beyond over the past week, getting much needed volumes back into the market in an effective and safe manner. Like many operators, our volumes have been impacted by the extreme freeze. We therefore expect first quarter company oil production to be down slightly relative to the fourth quarter. However, these challenges are fully reflected in our annual production guidance, and we have no concerns about delivering on our full year commitment. Second, while I have highlighted the free cash flow potential of our program at $50 WTI, clearly, the current forward curve is much stronger than that. As we mentioned, should stronger prices hold, we will maintain our discipline and prioritize our free cash flow generation. Assuming just $55 WTI, a price that's still below the current strip, we would expect our free cash flow generation in 2021 to increase to over $1.3 billion with a reinvestment rate below 45%. With that, I will turnover to Dane Whitehead, who will cover our ongoing efforts to continue optimizing our cost structure.
Mike Henderson: Yes, yes. Arun, good morning. I think as we mentioned in the deck, we've got potential for several hundred new locations there. We're undertaking a section-by-section review. We're thinking about the Upper Eagle Ford and the Lower Eagle Ford as one flow unit. We are going to be targeting some of the older vintage completions and sections with lower recoveries. We have already undertaken a number of tests over the past 2 or 3 years. The results were very encouraging. We do have further tests planned for this year. So I'd anticipate a bit of an update later on in the year.
Mike Henderson: Hey, Scott, it's Mike here. We're -- the split in '21 between Hector and Ajax is about 60% -- sorry, 60% Myrmidon and 40% in Hector. No plans for anything in Ajax this year. And then obviously, looking beyond '21, I would notionally expect Hector to play a more significant part as we progress in the out years.
Mike Henderson: Hey, Paul, it's Mike here again. I'll answer your second question first. I think Lee just touched on the Q1 winter impact. We anticipated it is obviously impacting it. I think the number that we're looking at is somewhere around 169, 170 for the quarter. But then obviously, getting back up for the full year, still looking at that -- the guidance range that we've included in the deck. And then you had a question on...
Mike Henderson: And Paul, I'll take a run at your first question here. You were asking about inflation. What I'd say there, if we look at it from a macro perspective, capital activity has not returned to a level that we would expect to drive a substantial uptick in current costs. And it's capital activity that drives inflation. So what I'd say there, so long as there's discipline in the E&P space, inflation feels very manageable. Specifically to Marathon, we do have our frac crews and 50% of our rig fleet secured through the middle of this year. We are seeing some inflationary pressure in the casing and shipping space. But that's really due to non-E&P demand on raw material and [mill space], which we project that flatten out in the year. So I'd probably characterize it as we're seeing some mild inflation. But if there's discipline within the industry, we think that inflation is manageable.
Lee Tillman: Jeanine, this is Lee. I think the simple answer to your question is it's returns driven. And maybe it's worth just kind of restating a few of the things I pointed out in my opening comments. When we talk about this 5-year benchmark case, it really is all about demonstrating sustainability. And as we continue to develop both the Eagle Ford and Bakken, obviously, that's the focus this year. We see this opportunity to blend in a high-graded opportunity set from both Oklahoma and Permian while also offsetting things like base decline in Equatorial Guinea. But even across that 5-year period, I want to point out that we're still only consuming less than half of our high-return inventory. And all this is supported, as was described, by a very much a bottoms-up, well-by-well execution model that's very defensible. So the short answer to your question is it's allocating capital on a returns basis. And via the high-graded opportunities in both the Permian and Oklahoma, we believe those can be very accretive across the 5-year plan.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think it's -- as Dane mentioned, in this type of price environment, it's really not an either/or solution any longer. I think with the current prices, we can clearly accelerate the attainment of our desired debt metrics, both net debt as well as gross debt. And I think can somewhat contemporaneously with that, I think we can continue to drive capital back to our shareholders. We will continue to be opportunistic in the market as well as internally on our organic enhancement opportunities to continue to add to and enhance our resource base. And that's really just part of the equation. And that will include everything from continued investment in our REx program to say smaller bolt-on opportunities that might present themselves as well as organic enhancement like some of the redevelopment activities that we have going on in the Eagle Ford currently. So we feel very confident that we can address all those uses of cash, particularly as we look at the current pricing environment that we're facing.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Yes, Arun, yes, you're right, we did successfully start up the third-party LN project. So we're very pleased with that. That just started up kind of the middle of February. We tried to provide a little bit more transparency and disclosure on both equity income in EG and what that really looks like, particularly over 2021, but also kind of a 5-year view of equity plus the income from our PSC as well and more of a free cash flow mindset. And when you look at that on kind of a $50, $3 Henry Hub basis, it accounts for roughly a couple hundred million of combined free cash flow when you look at it relative to that Benchmark Maintenance Scenario, so just about 1/5, if you will, of the annual kind of impact on free cash flow. So just trying to provide a little bit more transparency. Clearly, LN specifically, we haven't broken that out just because of the terms of the agreement are obviously private. But clearly there, we're getting the benefit of both tolling as well as profit sharing on those molecules.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Neal, I think broadly, the way I would think about the Eagle Ford and the Bakken is that we have a decade or more of very capital-efficient, high-return inventory. And that's at a relatively conservative price deck, kind of consistent with more of a mid-cycle view of the world. So say, $45, $2.50 gas. So you're correct, that's a pretty conservative view. I mean that's an inventory that clearly we're leaning on this year. That inventory will be complementary to some of the work that we have out 2022 plus in Oklahoma and Permian as we start exploiting what is a very high-graded opportunity set in those 2 basins of well. And collectively, we feel very confident in that kind of 10-year-plus high-return inventory across the portfolio at relatively conservative benchmark WTI prices.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Scott, I think the keyword for us is going to be disciplined. We're obviously going to look at fundamentals of supply and demand, the price outlook. There is absolutely a limiter to what we would even consider in a growth context. And again, I'll go back and say, let's not confuse the 5-year benchmark case with a business plan or in terms offsetting an expectation. It was really a demonstration of sustainability within the portfolio. But I think you should expect us to lean heavily on the same framework that we have really since 2018. If we see that upside potential, we'll look to support our base dividend first. We'll look to accelerate the improvement in our balance sheet and our debt reduction. Then we're going to look at incremental means to get capital back to shareholders. And then at that point, depending upon where market fundamentals sit, you can have a discussion about whether or not growth into the market really makes sense. Clearly, as we sit here today and what I believe is still a well-supplied market, even though we're seeing more consistent drawdowns now, we've got like I said a very nascent recovery in demand that's occurring, I still believe that a disciplined approach is going to win the day. And certainly, from a financial outcome standpoint and making sure that we are competitive with alternative investment opportunities within the S&P 500. We have to continue to drive, I believe, outsized free cash flow in order to, if you will, offset the implicit risk and volatility that exists in our sector.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think just maybe addressing maybe some of the asset level deals that have occurred, I think overall, consolidation is healthy and certainly improves. I think the competitive structure of our industry, it really gets the assets in the hands of the most efficient operators, which should ultimately result in more disciplined behavior, which I think raises all boats in the industry. Many of these deals have been very bespoke, very specific deals. I don't intend to comment on any of them specifically. But certainly, given our size and presence across all 4 of the key basins, we're well aware of the deals or the transactions that are available in the marketplace. We're going to apply a very well-defined criteria for any consolidation, whether it's small, medium or large, and we're not going to budge off that criteria. It's going to have to be something that is accretive to our financial returns, accretive to free cash flow. It certainly can do no harm to our balance sheet, and it's going to need to be something that has clear synergies and industrial logic and then also, ultimately, adds to our longer-term sustainability. So we look at all those opportunities in the market. We have access to all those. But we are going to apply a very disciplined lens to look at all those opportunities regardless of the size.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think, first of all, I would just say that within not only this year's business plan for 2021, but also our longer-term 5-year benchmark case, base decline is fully contemplated in all those. I mean I think -- I just want to be really clear that U.S. shale decline rates aren't mutually exclusive with delivering strong financial outcomes and sustainable free cash flow, particularly when you have high-quality, very capital-efficient assets. So I would just say it's in there. We do expect that those portfolio declines will moderate as we see a shift in mix where we have more of that base production and less of, say, that year 1 and year 2 decline that typically represents those wells that you're bringing on-stream. So there will be a moderation to that decline over time. But again, all of that is fully baked in to not only our '21 plan, but the 5-year benchmark case as well.
Lee Tillman: Yes. You did point out that we are a little bit probably down in -- potentially in the first quarter. There -- it's really just a question of timing. Generally speaking, we're going to be quite ratable across the year. There's a little bit of a pause in the Bakken as we recognize the winter weather impacts there. So that's not a time where we want to concentrate necessarily our completion activity. And so that -- you're seeing that effect. But from a CapEx as well as a wells to sales standpoint, it is going to be generally ratable. On the volume side, as Mike mentioned in the opening remarks, we do expect to see some impact from the winter weather. But from a wealth to sales standpoint, that's not a driver of first quarter volumes. We had strong carry in performance, and we still expect to kind of be in that low end of our annual guidance range even with the winter weather conditions that persisted across our play. So notionally, yes, in first quarter, notionally, in that kind of 170 range. And as Mike already stated, that winter impact is already fully baked into our full year guidance range.
Lee Tillman: Hey, Paul, I would just say, no, we're still kind of in recovery mode in terms of getting the wells back online. And we would anticipate clearly having that period of downtime, but we'd also anticipate having an element of some plus production as we bring wells back online as well. And so it's -- we're going to have to wait until we can kind of net most of those things out. So we're trying to provide you kind of our best view of that right now. So we don't have specific actuals because we haven't fully recovered all of our wells to see exactly how they will perform post shut-in.
Lee Tillman: Well, thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil. And I'd like to close by, again, thanking all of our dedicated employees and contractors for their commitment and their perseverance in these most challenging times. That concludes our call.
