Christopher C. Phillips - Director: Good morning, and welcome to Marathon Oil Corporation's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. I'm Chris Phillips, Director of Investor Relations. Also on the call this morning are Lee Tillman, CEO and President, J.R. Sult, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mitch Little, Vice President, International and Offshore Exploration and Production Operations, Lance Robertson, Vice President, North America Production Operations and Zach Dailey, Director of Investor Relations. As has become our custom, we released prepared remarks last night in conjunction with the earnings release. You can find those remarks and the associated slides at marathonoil.com. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and our comments and answers to questions will contain forward-looking information subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. I'll refer you back to the aforementioned slides where you can find our full Safe Harbor statement. With that, I will turn the call over to Lee.
Christopher C. Phillips - Director: Thanks, Lee. Before we open the call to questions, we'd like to request that you ask no more than two questions with associated clarifications. And you can reprompt as time permits. With that, Vivian, we'll open the lines for questions.
Christopher C. Phillips - Director: Thank you, Vivian. Thank you for the questions and interest in Marathon Oil this morning. I'd like to thank everyone again for their participation. Please contact Zach Dailey or myself if you have any follow-up questions. Operator, thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
Lance W. Robertson: Ed, it's a very good question, and I think you should look at it and both of the things you're referencing are important in that. First and foremost, the ongoing completions optimization we're doing is clearly driving EUR enhancement. As we work on stage density, profit loading, fluid loading and active diversion, we continue to see improvements on that side. There is an impact as we focused in this year, particularly 2015, on a more focused area to deliver the highest returns in a lower commodity environment. So we are seeing some uplift from that. But I would encourage you to say it's principally driven by the completions efficacy we're pushing all across those basins. That's what driving the real EUR enhancement. And I think that's reflected if you even look at the early IPs, again driving that.
Lance W. Robertson: Ed, not just us but our partners and Shell as operator have worked very hard over the last several years, particularly the last year to two years, really working on the reliability system. I don't think we've seen enough runtime yet to say that's sustainable. But the signs are encouraging from our perspective. We really like the focus on operating expense, and we have more steps planned to work on that this year. Certainly, the production is a sign that, in fact, this is the fourth strong quarter in a row of production deliverability out of that business. So I think we're on that road to improvement that we haven't been able to point to before. Again, I'd like to see more runtime, but I'm certainly encouraged by this past quarter and actually the past four quarters. That trend is headed in the right direction, and it needs to in this environment.
Lance W. Robertson: Yeah, Doug. I think Lee actually highlighted it very well. We're testing Upper Eagle Ford in a more fulsome way, spread out over a fairly large area. So we're going to see some disparate results of that as we make sure we fully delineate it. I'd say those results are very much in line with Lower Eagle Ford and Austin Chalk in the same respective areas. And I would say what's most encouraging to us, the Upper Eagle Ford is working well in the areas where the Austin Chalk has worked a little bit less effectively. And so we see those two as increasingly interchangeable so we can co-develop in a broader area. And very encouraged thus far on the Upper Eagle Ford both in that Northern end as well as in the stack and frac. I think, to be more clear, we brought on five Upper Eagle Ford wells that we announced that are distinctive. And in that stack and frac pilot that came online also includes a sixth or one more incremental Upper Eagle Ford well that's performing similarly.
Lance W. Robertson: Guy, as we reduce activity, we have a clear focus on retaining the most efficient service providers, crews and equipment, which naturally creates an efficiency drive on our existing activity that remains. But it also positions us well as we grow. We have existing relationships with those providers. Many of those are going to be the most equipped to bring equipment and people back into the sector on the growth side. So I think we're going to be comfortable there. And I think our drive to be really efficient is naturally a place where service providers would want to work for us before others. And so I think we'll have some opportunity there. Having said that, I mean, we do have some concern that the labor force is leaving the energy space during this time, and it's going to make ramping up more challenging than ramping down. And I think that's something that, not just to us, but others will have to face in the market.
Lance W. Robertson: Sure, Jason. The stack-and-frac, we've defined it. I think, I can't remember the exact time we actually rolled that out. But if you look at the diagram we put out in our previous press releases, we're showing that as a four-interval co-development; four vertical intervals, which is Austin Chalk, Upper Eagle Ford and then two wells in the Lower Eagle Ford. We would actually broaden that to say that we'll have stack-and-frac pilots where there'll just be three, which is Austin Chalk, Upper Eagle Ford as well as Lower Eagle Ford. So it's that vertical co-development. We like the rates from all three of those horizons when they've been stacked. We announced that first pilot in that, and we have some additional pilots flowing. We'll be able to talk about those as they mature. But in terms of the efficiency you're referencing there, and this opportunity, we really like the efficiency because we're co-developing all of those horizons from the same pads. So we're spudding from rig to rig, and it gives us an opportunity to address those efficiencies. So if you look at those pilots, what you'd see is that in most of those cases, it's 40-acre spacing in the same zone. In the Lower Eagle Ford, where we have two Lower Eagle Ford wells, it's 40-acre vertical, but it's really 20-acre between them. So it's like a chevron or a W pattern, if you will, in that lower Eagle Ford when you put two in there. But generally, same zone 40-acre with the exception of that in the lower Eagle Ford, we actually separated into, here it gets confusing, the Upper Lower Eagle Ford and the Lower Lower Eagle Ford. Creative names, I know. So it's generally 40 acre with the exception when you put two in there in the Lower Eagle Ford, it gets to what's effectively 20-acre spacing, but they're offset in that pattern.
Lance W. Robertson: Yeah, Jeff. It clearly accelerates the opportunities you're describing. We're learning an enormous amount from all of the offset-operated activity. That activity is predominantly focused in the highest values areas within the SCOOP and in the STACK where we have acreage. We clearly want to participate and capture that acreage and convert it to HBP. But we also want to take and leverage all of the early production, the petrophysics and the learnings we can have from that. One of the things we really appreciate about the Oklahoma resource basins is we're getting several multiples of data from the OBO activity that we get from an operated activity for very few capital dollars. So we're learning tremendously at very low risk, really accelerates our description of the resource, of the well productivity and allows us to design our own pilots and grow and get ready to grow to scale activity much more rapidly. I think our increase in capital spend in that area reflects that as Oklahoma continues to be resilient in the returns it can deliver, the activity in Oklahoma has also been resilient. And we're just responding to make sure we don't miss any valuable opportunities.
Lance W. Robertson: Roger, we managed each of the individual wells to deliver the highest value in that investment. So we generally let the technical and operations teams manage those wells effectively. So rather than try this, for example, flow them on a smaller choke size and smooth that out. We're looking for highest value on that investment return today. The wells we're investing in this quarter are generating good returns at current pricing. So we have confidence we can do that and decisions we've really let the technical teams make. We've scaled our activity in North America in logical increments that make sense. So for example, in the Eagle Ford, we want to keep whole frac fleets active rather than partial frac fleets to drive efficiency. We've scaled the drilling activity to match that. Part of the reduction we've taken in activity there is actually not just related to capital spend, but just recognizing as the efficiencies continue to improve, we were going to have to let go of one or more rigs anyway to make sure we didn't overdrill our plan for the year. And so we'll keep doing that. I think as you noted, also, we have not been building a backlog of drilled but uncompleted wells for use later in the year. We're really managing that as an operations basket of wells to complete to manage our stimulation operation smoothly and efficiently.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, maybe I'll offer a few comments and then let Lance weigh in. We're still in the early days of the Upper Eagle Ford co-development. I would say that we're still in the process of really delineating where the Upper Eagle Ford is going to be prospective across our acreage. And I think as part of that delineation, we will see some natural variability in well results as we test different things in that particular play. I think overall, though, we're very encouraged from what we're seeing in the Upper Eagle Ford and in combination, of course, with the Lower Eagle Ford. And we're seeing similar strong results in the stack-and-frac of which the Upper Eagle Ford is a component part. Maybe I'll let Lance just comment on the completion design aspect of that.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. We are very focused on cost, and I give a lot of credit to our asset teams. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, operating cost is just hard work. It's many things coming together to contribute to driving that unit cost lower. It's both the numerator as well as the denominator. It's working your absolute cost as well as making sure you're keeping your barrels online, and the teams did an outstanding job at that this quarter. Many of those things, I think, in the operating cost side, though, are structural in nature. When you think about things around preventive maintenance and our ability to efficiently deploy contractors, when you think about efficiently using our installed compression horsepower, when you think about our optimizing of our chemical programs in the oil field, all of these things, in our mind, are independent of the commodity price environment. And we will carry those forward in time. In parallel with that, though, we're not turning a blind eye to our scale and our ability to leverage that scale in commercial dialog as well. And some of those will be more sticky than others in some cases. But we do expect that we'll retain even an element of those commercial gains as we move forward in time. But those will have a much closer correlation with the pricing environment that we find ourselves. On the capital side, when you think about the cost reductions we've achieved there, I mean, when you look at the $1.3 million of well in the Eagle Ford, the $1 million of well that we've achieved in the Bakken, the $600,000 we've achieved per well in Oklahoma, those capital efficiencies have, in large part, been driven by the response of the service industry to participate in this downturn that we're experiencing. But even within that, there is a commercial element and efficiency element as well. Our most efficient frac crews can deliver a high number of stages on a monthly basis. That's a win-win for both the operator as well as the service provider. And our ability to keep those most efficient crews running, even with the downturn in activity, I believe, will be key to our ability to continue momentum as we see prices improvements in the future.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, thanks, Ryan. Let me maybe start with the rationale around the further optimization and reduction in capital budget. I would really describe that decision and really driven by two things. First is just a continued focus on capital discipline and financial flexibility in a period where we still have uncertainty around the price environment, albeit, we've seen some strengthening here as of late. A lot of the macro factors that have driven the downturn are still in place, so we need to recognize that. Secondly, with the enablers of both cost efficiency and cost reduction, we're still able to achieve our strategic objectives in each of the three U.S. resource plays and hold our guidance under that revised budget and drive those efficiencies and savings, really, down to the balance sheet. And if we start to see a sustainable price recovery, we can then reconsider if we want to take some of that cash flow and redeploy it into the business. In terms of volumes targeting and trajectory, you mentioned that we had communicated previously an exit-to-exit in the unconventional target or unconventional production 4Q to 4Q, 2014 to 2015 slightly up on an exit-to-exit basis. And we still feel that that is consistent with the budget that we're putting forward today.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Let me maybe describe it more from an activity perspective, and I think the capital will then kind of follow, Ryan. As we talked about, you used the word we came in hot. I think we recognized that we were going to come into the first quarter at high activity levels. We were coming out of 2014 with nominally 30-plus rigs running in the unconventionals. We started that deceleration in activity in the first quarter and, in fact, our capital budget – we delivered essentially against our capital budget in the first quarter. But we did have a momentum effect as we came in from last year. That ramp-down is continuing. By the time we get to the end of second quarter, we'll be at our 10-rig count that we will hold flat for the remainder of the year, and that will set the activity levels in our unconventional plays.
Lee M. Tillman: Well, again, if you kind of think about our $1.1 billion rate in the first quarter, you think about that in the context of our overall $3.3 billion budget, you put in the fact that we're relatively talking about a flat activity level from the second quarter forward, I think that you can back into the math in terms of what the actual rate will look like.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Absolutely. As we've talked in the past, we look at capital allocation down really to a type-curve level. And it is a competition for capital allocation amongst the three resource plays. Specifically, when we look at the SCOOP and the STACK, and we think about incremental cash flows becoming available to reinvest in the business, we're going to drive those to the highest return opportunities. Today, when you look at our single-well economics, that's really the Eagle Ford and Oklahoma. And the highest quality of the Bakken, the Myrmidon, and as we integrate both the completion trial results and the down-spacing results, we'll see how those fare in the capital allocation decision. But there's no doubt that as incremental capital becomes available, that will be directed to the U.S. unconventionals and Eagle Ford and Oklahoma will be the strongest competitors for that capital.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, first maybe just a few thoughts on the potential transactions themselves. In our view, portfolio management is part of what we do. It's an evergreen process. These are non-core assets that we're talking about, and what that means to us is that these are assets that are not going to compete for capital allocation and likely have higher value in someone else's portfolio. This process would be going on irrespective of the commodity cycle that we find ourselves in because we think, again, these assets will have appeal to the right portfolio. Assuming success in those divestment activities, then we'll look at that at that point in time and see how constructive the price environment is and make a decision as whether or not we bring that to the balance sheet or redeploy it into our organic investment portfolio, which is very competitive.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Well, first of all, the two-rig operated program, beyond delivering very profitable and competitive wells, is also allowing us to protect our pretty significant leasehold position in Oklahoma, over 300,000 acres. So that is an important element of our operated program and why we wanted to continue that commitment going into this year. There's no doubt that there's been an activity uptick in Oklahoma in our non-operated portfolio as those folks that are multi-basin operators direct more capital into Oklahoma. We want to participate in the high-quality wells that that affords us because it simply expands the number of data points in our knowledge base around the resource potential that exists in Oklahoma. Having said that, though, and kind of consistent with my previous comments, to the extent that we see a sustained strengthening in prices, that we see incremental cash flow come available. Oklahoma, our operated program, will compete very favorably for those incremental dollars.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah, I think we want to make sure that we're well-prepared to reengage and ramp up in the unconventionals. Our base plan this year is to be at our 10-rig count by second quarter. We think that is the right answer from a capital discipline standpoint. But we have the execution capacity to step into more activity as the macro environment supports that decision, and we'll be well-positioned to do that. And one of the advantages, of course, of holding on to our best rigs, our best crew, is that it does position you very favorably to step back in to that high activity or higher activity period. So as we look ahead to 2016, we view that as an opportunity to start that ramp-up, again, assuming that we see that constructive price environment in front of us. And within our, of course, 2015 budget, we do have some items, some investments that will be either reduced or falling out of the 2016 program that will provide us a little bit of accommodation space even on a flat budget outlook going into 2016.
Lee M. Tillman: And I think just building on that, the EG program to us is a great example, though, of really infrastructure-led exploration where we have the investment there. These would be possibly smaller accumulations that we think that we have a unique ability to bring online and make commercial. But as Mitch stated, we still have some work to do to integrate the results from both wells before we're ready to move forward. You had a second question, John.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Just, we haven't detailed out specifically any granularity on those assets, but they're non-core. And for us, that means that they will likely be not significant from a volumes or resource standpoint.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, just in terms of cadence or pace, it's really again driven by rig activity and frac crew activity. A case in point, David, we're already at a single rig of activity in the Bakken. But within that single rig capacity, we are very confident that we will still be able to deliver on our downspacing pilots, which was a key strategic objective for this year in the Bakken. In Oklahoma, our two-rig operated program was largely dictated by our desire to ensure we protected all of our high-quality leasehold while continuing to develop the SCOOP area as well. And then of course, leverage, to the extent that we can, the non-operated side of the business to leverage our capital very efficiently. And then in the Eagle Ford, it's really taking full advantage of some of the efficiencies that we are seeing on the drilling front and hopefully being able to extrapolate those moving forward into the second half of the year.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think it is a rough approximation because as we get down to that, we are a little bit in still that transitional period, David, as we come out of the first quarter where we're still kind of decelerating and ramping down. But as we kind of hit the back end of the second quarter, that really is setting the pace as we look forward into the second half of the year.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah, well, let me maybe take the question on the price outlook and what we're really looking for there from a trigger point standpoint. And then maybe I'll defer the bottleneck question around our unconventionals over to Lance. But on the question of what is the trigger, what are the signs that we're looking for to then give us confidence to begin a ramp-up in our unconventionals. For us, you're right, the forward curve is looking around $65. I think if we saw sustainment at $65-plus certainly going into the back half of the year in 2016, to us, it's more about seeing that being a sustainable recovery and having the confidence to come back in and begin a ramp-up. But if we saw those levels, we felt that the macros were supportive and constructive of a sustainable $65-plus kind of a range, we feel very confident going into 2016 with a ramp-up in our unconventionals. Let me hand over to Lance, though, to address more of the question about execution bottlenecks as we start thinking about a ramp-up in the unconventionals.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Luckily, it is a bit early from a budget cycle perspective. But of course, we're continuing to think about what 2016 may look like under various pricing scenarios. But I think under the scenario that you described, which is a confident $65 firm market going into 2016, in that sense, we could take a flat budget into 2016 and still have a ramp-up in the unconventionals due to the fact that we have other investments falling away in 2015. And that would, of course, be our plan. And then we'd watch for other signals in terms of how far we would want to go beyond that flat budget toward our ramp up in activity. But we can absolutely ramp up in the unconventionals on a flat three-three budget in 2016 in the environment that you just described.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah, well again, it's awfully early to talk about volume-metric growth in 2016, particularly with the dynamics that we're experiencing in the market right now. But as we think about that flat budget and that ramp-up that it might afford in that $65 price environment, we could see 2016 average production looking not dissimilar to our 4Q 2015 exit rates.
Lee M. Tillman: Well, I would just say, Pavel, just going back to our discussion around portfolio management that that's part of what we do. That includes our activities in Kurdistan as well. We'll test all assets for their fit in our portfolio. As you can imagine with the dynamics now in the KRG, even if we were to take a position of wanting to monetize those assets it might be relatively tough. But those are assets that when we look at the above ground risk, we'll need to consider their long-term fit in our portfolio.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, I think there, you're hitting upon, really, the contrast between the short cycle and the long-cycle investments. And to be fair to the deepwater, you need to look at it in terms of full-cycle returns as well not incremental returns. So I guess, it really comes down to your view of that longer-term price outlook over time. If you take a view to where that longer-term outlook is constructive, then deepwater has a role to play in continuing to meet part of the future demand. And in our view, the high-quality deepwater assets still have the ability to compete in that longer-term environment. I think the question for us becomes one of scale and cash flows and our ability to support the large investment dollars that are required in deepwater development. And so we're going to be very selective and very focused. This year's exploration program is half of the spend that we were last year. So we're going to bring a very sharp focus to that program that reflects the fact that these longer-cycle investments can have a role to play in your portfolio.
Lee M. Tillman: And I'll also just add that even though we're excited about the incremental information that can be gained from leveraging into non-operated, we have a very good understanding of Oklahoma. I mean, we have already greater than a billion barrels of oil equivalent and 2P resource ascribed to Oklahoma. So this is really just continuing to move that and progress that further and doing that in essentially a low price environment.
Lee M. Tillman: Yes. I think it was, one, that Oklahoma does compete for capital very favorably. If you go back to our single well economics and you look at those even head-to-head with the Eagle Ford, those wells are on par. So strictly from an economic standpoint, absolutely competitive. But we saw a unique opportunity in Oklahoma, I think, as Lance very well described, to really leverage our money there to continue to expand our knowledge and insight around the Oklahoma resource basin. So we felt that was a unique opportunity. It's largely being driven by Oklahoma continuing to attract more capital from other operators' portfolios, and we want to participate in that.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Again, for a lot of reasons, we can't go into details on exactly what we would place in the non-core assets. But suffice to say, because of the definition of non-core, we view these as being not significant from a reserves and volume standpoint. So we would not view them as being highly impactful to our forward guidance. And to the extent we're successful on those transactions, we'll communicate those clearly and transparently into the market. But for now, I think, suffice to say, we have identified a select list of non-core properties that we feel like will struggle to compete for capital, could potentially have higher value in someone else's portfolio. And we want to pursue those and accelerate those cash flows either to the balance sheet or for redeployment.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah, when we typically talk about production results with you, Ed, we tend to talk about wanting to get 180 days of production to really understand well performance, understand where we are on a specific type curve. We are still on the learning curve in Oklahoma when it comes, though, to D&C costs. And we think we're starting in a much more favorable position because of all the good work that has been done already in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken to drive well costs down. We captured $600,000 in well costs already since we released our new well costs this year and our single-well economics. But we think there's a lot more room to maneuver there from both an efficiency as well as a commercial standpoint. And that's just going to take some time as we grow to scale. Bear in mind, Ed, we had plans that had actually ramped up the six rigs in the Eagle Ford at year-end – I'm sorry – in Oklahoma at the end of the year here. And so the execution capacity is there. And I think as we move that to scale, that is going to allow us to really accelerate on that learning curve particularly when it comes to D&C costs.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Sure, John. Thanks for the question. We talked about in our 4Q call the two-well exploration program in EG. And we previously announced the non-commercial hydrocarbon results of the Sodalita well. We did fare a bit better on the Rodo well. But we now want to integrate the results of both of those wells into our regional database, look at the options to further exploit the other prospects in the area and understand what the commerciality options might be looking forward.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah, Pavel. Thanks for the question. As you said, we did entertain a marketing effort last year. We did not receive offers that we thought represented full value for the assets. And so we've taken the position that we're going to continue to operate those assets in the most efficient manner we can. And certainly, we're focused this year in this down environment on both commercial leverage, extending some of our scale with strategic suppliers from North America across there and some structural changes. No doubt you've seen some of the equal time rotation work we're doing, which is decreasing our overall cost structure, focused on chemicals, logistics, all of those things. And of course, the tax reforms that have been introduced in the U.K. are helpful to us, but we're at a point in the asset life where they're not as material to us as they might be to earlier life assets.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Sure, Pavel. We had, in our original plan, had very minimal production from that asset. And as you've noted, we have been informed from the operator of some potential delays to first oil, which was previously targeted for the very end of 2015. We're working through that with them and understanding the forward plan on that and look to have further updates in the near future.
