Clarence Cazalot: Thank you, Howard, and good afternoon, everyone. As you're well aware, this was our last quarter as an integrated company, having spun off MPC June 30. And I'm proud of the team that worked so diligently to make this happen. I wish everyone at MPC all the best. From the standpoint of our continuing operations, I'm personally not satisfied with our overall second quarter performance, and I know our team feels the same way. The short-term liability issues in some of our international assets, which as you know have historically demonstrated outstanding reliability, and the disappointing results at Droshky impacted both our second quarter production and financial results. Our international operations are now back at full speed, and we have properly addressed the reliability issues. Going forward, we are pursuing a more balanced lower risk and, I believe, more sustainable program of investment and growth in unconventional resource plays. This move is best demonstrated by the outstanding position we have built in the Eagle Ford, particularly with our pending 141,000 net acre acquisition, largely in the heart of the play. Building the position we have across the premier liquids-rich resource plays in North America is only the start, and every member of our team understands that execution and results are how we will be judged. We'll be focused on growing both production and reserves on an absolute and per-share basis and generating sufficient free cash flow to fund this growth. Our emergence as an E&P company is more than just a name only. It's about delivering profitable growth, and our increased guidance of 5% to 7% compound average growth between 2010 and 2016 is a good start in this regard. It's about a significantly higher level of drilling activity to deliver this growth, going from a 15 U.S.-operated land rigs currently to over 40 rigs operating 18 months from now. It's about continuing to increase our overall resource position with a focus on liquids-rich plays, and we are doing this. Bottom line, it's about consistent execution and demonstrating profitable growth year-after-year and funding this growth from internally generated cash flow. And that's precisely what we intend to do. And now we will move to the Q&As.
Clarence Cazalot: Arjun, we certainly saw the write-up that you published several weeks ago that suggested perhaps the disposition of the Gulf of Mexico in light of the stronger onshore unconventional asset base we have, that, that might indeed make sense. I would simply say that you characterize my position of the past correctly. There are no sacred cows. I've said many times before that we constantly review our portfolio in terms of those assets and opportunities that have the kind of growth and value creation that we want to invest in the future. And as you've seen in the past, we haven't hesitated to divest of those assets that don't fit that. But we are indeed looking at our portfolio, particularly as we seek to generate additional funds to invest in profitable growth. We continue to see good opportunities coming our way in the attractive poor resource plays that we want to grow in. And as we view our investment, it's not all incremental. It's really about redeploying proceeds out of, again, less-promising, lower-growth, more mature declining assets and into growth. With respect to the Gulf of Mexico, Arjun, I don't want to speculate about any one asset at this time. We certainly, from an exploration standpoint, see the Gulf of Mexico as one of our better high-potential exploration focus areas around the world. And as soon as we can get some permits to get back to drilling, that's what we intend to do out there. So that's where we are.
Clarence Cazalot: Well, I think we certainly are approaching, if not at a critical mass. I think, if you look at what we said in the press release, Arjun, that in terms of these unconventional plays in North America, that we expect to have production of about 175,000 boe per day by 2016, again the vast majority of that in the U.S. resource plays. That's indeed critical mass. But at the same time, I think, as we've indicated, we continue to seek bolt-on acquisitions in those core areas to grow our position. Again, this is a program that we operate, that we drive the value creation in and to the extent we can have a broader opportunity set or indeed even have a higher interest in the wells that we're already going to be drilling. That's of great interest to us. So that's where you're going to see us putting our incremental dollars in terms of building our positions there. You know what I like about the Eagle Ford is not simply our total position but our position in the core area. As we've indicated, we believe we have a top-5 leasehold position in that core area, and we see a great deal of upside certainly in terms of productivity but also the ability to down space in those areas. So again, that's where we'll focus our investment.
Clarence Cazalot: Yes, I think, Blake, there's no question that the yardsticks, the metrics doing the change as you move from an integrated space to an E&P. I think the measures that you'll see us focusing on with respect to our new business are really two-fold. One is production growth per share, and we'll view that on a debt-adjusted basis. And again, that's an area that we recognized that, at 5% to 7% compound average growth on a pure volumetric basis, we may not be as high as some of our E&P brethren. But the reality is, again from our standpoint, we believe we generate sufficient cash flows internally to fund our growth. And so we won't be issuing equity or necessarily having to go to the debt markets to fund our CapEx and indeed with sufficient free cash flow, having the ability to either pay down debt or potentially, in certain instances, buy back stocks. So that's a measure we think we can perform quite well on. And the other metric of course is the generation and growth in free cash flow. And again we believe, with the strong base, with a solid set of liquids-focused growth assets that we'll be executing on, we believe, will perform well against that metric as well. So it is clearly a shift from what has been an earnings focus, a competitive group, to now what is a cash-focused group for all the reasons you know well in terms of different accounting methods between the 2 and again moving away from ROCE to really growth in volumes, both reserves and production.
Clarence Cazalot: None. There's -- again, none of the ranked exploration, the impact exploration activities that we're undertaking today factor into that. The existing discoveries we have, for example, in the Gulf of Mexico, like Shenandoah, our interest in that, or in the Gunflint discovery, those are in our production growth but those are existing discoveries. So no future exploration success -- impact exploration success is factored into our production growth.
Clarence Cazalot: Yes, I didn't say we were opposed to it, anyway. We simply said it's an option. As Janet said, as we have a strong balance sheet, that's one of the options we have.
David Roberts: Yes, Ed, this is Dave Roberts. I think we're still very happy with the estimates that we have across the play for the various EURs that we have. And I think we've been fairly consistent that in what we would consider the poorer areas there on the border of 450,000 barrels, and we're seeing 500,000 to 600,000 in our more promising areas, Myrmidon and EMEA. And we consistently see 30-day IPs across the play of between 500 and 700 barrels per day. In terms of completed well costs, we generally are on the order of $7 million to $7.5 million for our wells today. But I'd like, at this point, really to talk about what's going to happen in the future because, as you know, we have been probably a little bit slow in the minds of a lot of people in terms of how aggressively we completed our wells. And we got a significant stock of wells that have been drilled and are waiting on completion. The 28 that we have waiting are -- 26 of them will be 20 stage frac jobs, but they'll be pumped at 300 pounds per foot, which will put us in the range of what most people are seeing in terms of the larger states frac jobs. And we will be moving beginning in the next month or so towards outfitting our wells to be able to pump 30 stage fracs on a perspective basis for the remainder of life in the play. We expect that, that will add on the order of $500,000 to $1 million to the costs of our well. So we'll be seeing those kind of increases on a go-forward basis, but we do expect that, that will at least increase the initial rates consistent with other operators have seen. And we'll to continue to monitor the play to see if we should continue to move forward by increasing those stages to accelerate the recovery in the play.
David Roberts: Evan, this is Dave. And I guess what we tried to do is similar to what we think we ascertained about things in unconventional plays in the United States. We believe that there's a potential for there to be liquids as well as gas windows across this very large area. And so that's the reason you see our portfolio spread out the way it is because we're hoping to catch on to that. And the first well that we'll drill will be to test that particular concept, and then we'll go ahead and drill out. I guess I would say one of the reasons that we did the farm-downs that we did was to make sure that we had a very large acreage exposure, but making sure that the financial exposure to the play is relevant to the size of the company we are. So we think we've got a good spread of opportunity clearly as a portfolio because of the number of blocks that we have, and we're very excited about getting a couple of drills towards the latter part of this year.
David Roberts: Let me check that real quick. My Polish is kind of bad. I think what we'll be looking at doing is -- the level in trough [ph] is what we think will be the most likely area for there to be a liquids potential. And that's would be where we drill our first well.
David Roberts: Well, I think that the -- right now, Droshky is producing between 11,000 and 12,000 barrels a day of oil, and what we're looking at is essentially -- there's a physical limitation of the ability of the reservoir to lift barrels when the total fluid gets to about 12,000 barrels a day. We're producing 22,000 gross. If you can think about this in terms of we're seeing about a 25% to 30% annual decline rate, an issue is right now we're seeing slugging issues, as you'd expect, towards the latter stages of this. And so it's difficult to use just a decline curve analysis. But our view suggests that where the 40% water cut now, assuming that's consistent, my guess is that Droshky would probably end its life on the order of 3,000 to 4,000 barrels a day sometime next year, oil.
David Roberts: Yes, we're obviously counting the Eagle Ford acquisition post the 1st of November, but it's a fairly small volume, even though we're very excited about the exit rate being 13,000 barrels-a-day-plus, so the mass is just small volume. I think, consistent with Clarence's earlier comments and what we saw in the first quarter, we looked at the reliability issues that we had in the Norwegian North Sea and, to a lesser degree, in West Africa, and EG is kind of an aberration. Continue to expect those assets to over-deliver on what the expectations might be, which we think is going to carry us in good stead to hitting our guidance in the latter part of the year.
David Roberts: Yes, I -- this is Dave. And I can answer the first one categorically. Our guidance for '12 does not include Libya. And the sequential gas price realizations are actually up quarter-to-quarter.
David Roberts: Blake, on your gas question, the reason -- the difference a large portion of our Alaska gas volumes are through long-term contracts, which tend to lag in price and have alternative commodity indexes rather than Henry Hub.
David Roberts: Paul, this is Dave. We expect to approve an additional cargo or two in August or September, and then at that point, our view is that the plant will reach the end of its useful life.
David Roberts: I think, in the notes, we do have a lifting situation, but obviously we are experiencing a continuous decline in our Brae assets.
David Roberts: Yes, Faisal, we're shooting seismic across all 4 of our licenses because it's pretty important to be able to tie that down. This particular area, there's multiple other targets, so we'll be drilling likely later this year an appraisal well to offset this discovery, to see what we actually have. And then there will be some follow-on exploration where I think the most important thing that we'll be doing here is we'll be setting up to install early production facilities that will be ready probably by the middle of next year. These are fairly elementary-type systems, so it's not that big of a deal, but 2 things that gives you. Number one, and most importantly, it tests the fiscal regime that you have because there's reports that the people are getting paid for the cost barrels in Kurdistan. We think that's very important, from an overall risk standpoint. And then secondly, these are fractured carbonate reservoirs, notoriously tricky, and so getting some extended production data out of this will tell us what it is that we ultimately have. So you'll feel very good about the fact that we've only been in the country since October, have a couple of discoveries and are setting up to at least have a look-see on the production side pretty quickly as well.
David Roberts: We have a very deep relationship with our primary drilling rig contractor in the United States, and we've scheduled -- we've worked out with them to basically take delivery of rigs as they're manufactured. We do have contractual line of sight to be able to get to those numbers and in each of the various basins. They're outfitted obviously a little bit differently for cold weather service than they might be for the ones that we're going to have in South Texas. Part and parcel of that is they have a very diligent training program to make sure that we that qualified crews at the same time we get the rigs, so that's important. The same time, one of the things that we mentioned is previously having a greater depth of rig inventory has given us a little bit more impact and clout in terms of being able to contract for pressure pumping services. And we're on the cusp of getting contractual line of sight on the pumping services requirements and ancillary services that we need in order to get all the stuff done. So we're in very good shape to go from the 15 that we're running today across the U.S. to probably on the order of 10 more by the end of the year, so that jump up to 40-plus is not that big of a leap.
David Roberts: No. We're the oldest and longest-serving producer in Cook Inlet. Marathon was one of the first companies that discovered oil and gas up there, and it's produced on the order of 3 tcf from that basin. We obviously have taken a hard look at the USGS, and it's been pointed to us by the regulators in Alaska. I think one of the things that we would say is there's tremendous number of wells that have been drilled in that particular basin. While we're always looking for new opportunities, much of the resource that was outlined in the report is going to be in an off-limits wilderness area that we operate right next to. But the other thing we're very focused in a lot is they had the highest impact, the least sale they've had since 1983 up there a couple months ago, the couple of new operators, and so we we'll be paying close attention to the activity in the area. Let's see if it warrants another look on Marathon's behalf.
David Roberts: Yes, Ann this is Dave. We're continuing with the reservoir analysis, and as we've kind of indicated, we're pushing that towards turning that project to an FID for the first stage toward the middle of next year. And our permitting people are working diligently on what's going to be required to push that application forward consistent with that timing.
David Roberts: It's too early. I think that's the reason we're going to do a pressure test. Obviously, we hope we have both, but that's the reason we need an extended production time.
David Roberts: Well, again, I think it's -- I think one of the things that we would characterize in Niobrara is very early days, and it's one of the things that we'll be looking at that. But my guess is, from what we have seen at this point, you're looking at more of a matrix situation than fraction.
David Roberts: Well, we've said that we're going to move to a non-operated status. We've got 2 more blocks over there that we continue to evaluate, and obviously 1 of them, the Kumawa Block, we're paying very close attention to a very high profile dryhole-ing area and a well that's currently drilling, so we'll continue to look at that. I think, Romeo, the Pasangkayu block in general could be characterized as pure frontier-type drilling. Great reservoirs, good concept, no hydrocarbons, and so it just didn't work.
David Roberts: Well, Clarence answered that a little bit earlier. I think we've consistently said on Droshky that, in retrospect, having 100% interest there is a challenge at this particular point. But given our optimism going in, it would've a difficult decision to take. I think we continue to look at that as we evaluate the risk of the aggregate Gulf of Mexico portfolio both on an exploration and a future production basis. It's certainly something that we'll take into consideration.
David Roberts: Yes, Doug, as Clarence indicated, we have 2 permits submitted: One Dane submitted, which is important, it's the Innsbruck reentry, if you want to call it that; and then one of our exploration projects. I think what we're looking at is we do still believe we have a deep portfolio on the order of 20 prospects in the Gulf. We've said previously that we thought about 3 to 4 co-op wells drilling at any one time on an annual basis in the Gulf. I think that number's going to be smaller. We believe there'll be rigs of opportunity in order to get after our program on that particular basis. And so once we start getting the permits, we're obviously going to wait well after hurricane season. We'll probably get back after our drilling program in the Gulf of Mexico.
David Roberts: Yes, I think we estimate the underlift on an earnings basis, on the order of $15 million to $20 million decrement. So not insignificant, but not a large number. I guess the question with respect to future LNG volumes out of EG, one of the things I would say is we still believe that the Atlantic basin is grossly oversupplied in terms of LNG, and we think that, that's going to continue for some period of time, and I think you saw something in our release that indicated our belief in that. We continue to have discussions with the government of EG about what's the most practical way to continue to expand our position there, but we continue to believe, and we think the government supports the fact that the most economic and viable way is to utilize the equipment that we already have in EG LNG. And we think most of the gas will come on in a period of time such that it can just be used to keep train one full. And then as we get volumes beyond that, then we would consider expanding our franchise.
David Roberts: I think, Ed, the historic number has always been sub-30. I think the partnership right now is saying that they would like to see the numbers that we're marking now, at about $46 coming into the $35 range. Clearly, all the equipment is up and running. This is a matter of keeping the equipment running reliably and obviously we're looking forward to some solid quarter-on-quarter performance to demonstrate that we can actually use the nameplate capacity that we have out there, and so we'll keep a watch on that. But we have some very good days, we have some not-so-good days. Certainly, as the cooler weather approaches, we'd expect reliability to improve out there.
Janet Clark: Certainly, the U.K. tax rate did increase during the year on the special corporation tax there, but it's also -- it's about mix. As we look forward with higher oil prices, Norway contributes a higher percentage of pretax income with lower gas prices. Our EG -- LNG generates lower proportion of pretax income. As you know, Norway has 78% tax rate, EG has a 25% tax rate. So while we'd like to help you and give you guidance on what to expect in terms of tax rate, because of the broad range of effective tax rate in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, the volatility of commodity prices, it can be a little bit difficult to predict.
Janet Clark: I don't really have a good answer for that because I haven't looked yet at the deferred tax rates for other companies.
Janet Clark: And, Pavel, just thinking about it to the extent that a company's entirely domestic, the IDC generates a lot of deferred taxes, yes. So I guess, if a company was completely domestic, then they probably would have a higher component of deferred to credit cash taxes than we would overall.
Janet Clark: I think our priority for cash has really never changed, it's to reinvest in the business in a value-accretive way. We think that's the best way to drive shareholder value. We're going to keep a strong balance sheet. Obviously, for independent, the dividend yield is probably less important than it was for the integrated, and as it is, we're that near the top end of our competitor group in terms of yield. So to the extent that we've got excess cash being generated, stock buyback is absolutely one of the tools that we would use to optimize our balance sheet.
