Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Guy, maybe just to affirm for everyone on the call, we have talked about the Bakken having a forward inventory at kind of current activity levels of just over 12 years. And the way I think about our success in the Hector today is that we're continuing to delineate across an acreage position there, that's about 115,000 net acres. We have had very strong early success there, record-setting wells there, but we're still marching across that acreage position. And I view this as thus far really providing us an opportunity to uplift the intrinsic value and economics of that 12 years of inventory as we elevate the inventory that resides within the Hector area. Additionally, we are still looking to test other areas this year in the Bakken including Elk Creek as well as the Ajax area as we continue to apply the same workflows that started in West Myrmidon, transition then into Hector. We're looking to apply those as well in these other areas. So, right now, it's a great outcome. All credit to the team there for their innovation. They are competing strongly at the very top of the portfolio with these kinds of results.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, I think you said it well, Guy. It's very difficult for us to forecast in this area because typically these unique opportunities are what we would classify as potential lost opportunities, meaning that if we don't act upon them they're likely going to move away or at least the low-cost entry element of them will move away from us. So, it is difficult for us to forecast. That's one of the reasons why we at least attempted to provide some visibility into the next quarter for you all. So that was an important element. I think as we consider the scope of it and ensuring that we do apply discipline to this element of our business just like all other elements of our business, it starts with return and capital allocation. When the REx team brings in an opportunity, it has to compete on a similar basis as our other opportunities, meaning that there has to be a path there to achieve economics, full-cycle economics that are competitive with our existing portfolio. These are still exploration plays with a finite chance of success, but we have to be able to see materiality, quality and a value proposition, meaning that they can come in and compete for capital allocation. The other point that I would make just on the spend question is that as you think about the framework, although we're very excited about the greenfield leasing that we've accomplished, bear in mind that the real work comes after the leasing occurs. We have to get in there then and go through appraisal, delineation, and what we hope is ultimately predevelopment. And all of those activities will require capital allocation. So, as we look forward in time, we have to also consider those future capital needs that are beyond just greenfield leasing.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Thank you, Arun. Yeah. First of all, I want to emphasize that return of capital to shareholders is and has been an ongoing dialogue with our board. We'd obviously discuss our dividend which is very competitive in our space with our board each and every quarter. So that concept of return of capital to shareholders and the constructive tension with other investment opportunities is front and center with the leadership, and with our board each and every time we sit down to discuss it. What I would say is that going back to my opening comments that repurchasing shares is definitely an option. We have an authorization of $1.5 billion already in place. We can also consider the level of our dividend although at $170 million annually, it's very competitive. That also needs to go into the calculus and you're right. I mean, we've – certainly as we look ahead, we absolutely see the opportunity to get into a mode of sustainable cash – free cash flow generation. And I think as we move through that, returning additional capital to shareholders will feature in that forward dialogue. I would maybe mention though just a few things there is that first of all, we feel that we need kind of a minimum cash balance to run our business given the scale and scope of it of around $750 million of cash on hand and that's plus or minus. I would also point out that all companies are at different stages in their respective business models. We have addressed our balance sheet very clearly last year. We've also largely completed our major portfolio dispositions, meaning that we don't expect additional near-term material proceeds. As I was just chatting about with Guy, we also recognize that leasing cost is just the first step in capturing some of these low entry cost opportunities. So, we must consider those future capital needs as well. All that to say is that the bottom line is that all of these factors go into our considerations for pursuing what is the best – what are the best options for long-term value creation through the use of free cash and I view it it's not an either/or proposition. We see multiple uses for that including enhancing our direct return of capital. All of that can be accommodated.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, we plan to provide many more details, Arun, as we move through the year. But obviously the Louisiana Austin Chalk as you mention did go through a bit of a development phase. It was with very early technology designs on the completions side and relatively short lateral lengths as well. We see this, as you know, a natural extension of kind of this Austin Chalk megatrend that goes from Mexico across South Texas all the way over to East Louisiana. And having been one of the leaders in the development of the Austin Chalk and South Texas, we think we're well equipped to get in here and appraise and understand the potential of this. But I want to stress again that this is exploration. And until we are able to get out in the field, do the necessary technical work, and get some wells down, we don't really know what we have here in terms of forward inventory or resource. But it's exciting and I won't get into where we are on the map, Arun, because we're still obviously active in the play today and so I don't think it's prudent for us to talk those specifics at this present time.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Doug, we are – as we've said before, we have calibrated our development capital program at a level that we're comfortable with. We believe it strikes the balance between generating those very strong material improvements and corporate level returns that we talked about early on, on a strip deck. We can – we see cash return on invested capital improving year-over-year by about 65%. We will always be looking to, I would say, adjust our capital allocation based on new information throughout the year. But our $2.3 billion development capital spend, that is our spend for the year regardless of where commodity prices tend to track for the rest of the year.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. No, I got it, Doug. The beauty I think in our portfolio today in our multi-basin model is, Doug, is that we are already biased very heavily toward oil opportunities. And you're right, the Bakken offers a very high crude cut. But I would also point out that even in Atascosa County, we're running upwards above 75% C&C, crude oil cut there as well. So, that does go in. We look at obviously the product mix, but we're more driven by making sure that we're deploying to the correct overall economic value proposition. And today, when you look at our relative capital allocation that we described earlier in the year, it's not surprising that a big component of our capital allocation is flowing to both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford while we progressed the early development phases from a strategic standpoint certainly in both Northern Delaware and Oklahoma. So, we feel that we have already accommodated that, not only the oil cut, but the overall economics that we see in the Bakken in our capital deployment. But again as we get new data, we can always look at adjusting and redeploying within our multi-basin model but I want to stress that the $2.3 billion is the development capital that we'll be working within.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think – this is Lee, Ryan. I believe that there remains an incentive for all operators to continue to drive toward more contiguous positions particularly in Eddy and Lea County and Northern Delaware. I think that the progress that the team made over the last six months since we really closed those deals is very solid. But this is going to take time. Particularly, when you start discussing trades, you have to get to the point where you get to an equivalent value proposition with another party, so the incentive may be there. But, as I like to tell people, no one likes to say they have the ugly baby in the trade. And so it just takes time. And a lot of times, those trades are going to come in smaller bits as well, but we have a dedicated team that is focused on this. We believe it is important for that asset going forward in time to continue to block up what we believe is a great acreage position in Northern Delaware. And we'll keep you all posted. But again, it is going to be – it's going to come in probably fits and starts and probably in small parcels particularly on the trade side. But it's something that our asset team and our land team are squarely focused on today.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think for us, the key thing that made that small bolt-on in fourth quarter very attractive was it was essentially a lay-down on our Malaga area, so there was great synergy. It ticked all the boxes for us. It converted non-op locations to co-op locations. It raised our working interest. It gave us more optionality for extended laterals. So, it was really almost the poster child for what we're trying to do and that's going to be a small group of opportunities that can tick all those boxes and really be a synergistic and accretive add to our position. So, we're going to be very selective. These are going to be smaller in scale. We obviously are not looking at any large transactions here. But to the extent that we find other transactions and that transaction in 4Q is kind of a $60 million deal, we're going to evaluate those and if it fits, we're going to move on them. And that's one of the advantages of having the financial flexibility that we do today.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, I certainly believe that the $2.3 billion is a capital discipline and returns-driven choice that we are making. There's nothing intrinsic in either basin that is limiting us today from an activity standpoint. Obviously, we look to drive maximum efficiency, i.e., running our frac crews 24/7, et cetera. All of those things come into play. But when I – I think the way, again, to think about 2018 for both of those basins is Bakken is absolutely on a growth trajectory but is also going to generate free cash flow this year. Eagle Ford, we are managing to a more or less flat production profile in order to take advantage of its capital efficiency and ability to generate free cash flow to drive other elements of our portfolio. I think on your question around, you mentioned inflation. Thus far, we feel that the inflation assumptions that were implicit in our original $2.3 billion plan are still holding true. And so we – although it's something that our teams not only look to manage, but actually look to offset each and every day we feel very comfortable at this stage that we have that accounted for fully in our $2.3 billion development capital budget. 2019 is something that we're really not talking about quite yet. But obviously, the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, as well as our other basins will all be part of a multi-basin optimization as we go into 2019 and we'll allocate capital based on the best available data when we go through our planning cycle. So, nothing is locked in. There are no constraints around the Bakken and the Eagle Ford today that would not allow us to flex those assets up or down.
Lee M. Tillman: And I think just as a reminder, Brian, because the SCOOP is clearly HBP'd, we have had the optionality to not necessarily drive activity there until we were ready to do so. But we will have some multi-well infill drilling there this year in 2018 and it will continue on, on that path.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Absolutely. This is Lee, David. We are – we have – as a reminder, David, for everyone on line, we have two non-operated blocks in Kurdistan, Sarsang and Atrush. We have a small working interest in both of those. Sarsang, there is already an executed sales agreement in place and we are looking to again move that toward close. I would say that we continue to progress agreements around the Atrush block as well. So it is certainly reasonable to expect ultimately a full and complete exit from Kurdistan.
Lee M. Tillman: I would also maybe add, David, this is Lee, that the point you raised though around, as you get more toward multi-well pad drilling and as the number of wells on pad increases, these traditional kind of short cycle investments do start looking more like medium to long cycle investments and you need to plan that within your budget cycle and how you approach capital allocation. And it also presents, I believe, even some forecasting challenges, particularly when you look at quarterly results because, clearly, if you have a large pad that moves out with the quarter, it can have dramatic results within the quarter, but not necessarily within the calendar year.
Lee M. Tillman: Thank you, Hilda. I'd like to end by just thanking all of our dedicated employees and contractors for their efforts in the quarter and certainly their efforts going forward. At the end of the day, they are our sustainable competitive advantage. I want to say thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil, and that concludes our call.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah. Hey, Doug, this is Mitch. I'll see if I can address that for you and then carry on if I'm not hitting what you're looking for. But maybe I'd start with breaking down our STACK position a little bit just for context and we put it in the slides, but 70% of our operated DSUs in the STACK are in the over pressured window and about 30% in the normally pressured. And you'll note that for the remainder of 2018, our focus is really in the over pressured areas. How I would describe it is we completed our first phase of infills in the normally pressured window. The last one of course was the Cerny, the most recent one which we did a multi-horizon test there including Meramec, Osage and Woodford. We've obtained a massive data set of production, subsurface and intentional data acquisition. We're now integrating that into the same kind of internally developed workflow – multidiscipline integration workflow that we've applied in places like the Eagle Ford and Bakken to drive the results that you're seeing from us there. I would note and just kind of keep in mind in those two basins, we've got about on the order of 1,500 infills whereas in the normally pressured window, we've got 19 infill locations so far.
Thomas Mitchell Little: At a different phase, we have taken a few very significant learnings thus far and continue to optimize while we focus in the over pressured area and come back. But certain of the Meramec wells were delivered about $700,000 completed well cost lower than the Eve's and through the first 60 days, we're seeing oil cums that are comparable, so no degradation in performance there. And we believe we can take cost down even further. We were currently evaluating the design that's more in the $3.5 million completed well cost range. So, continue to advance our learnings, more optimization to do, and while we're in that integration and compilation phase, we're going to shift our focus more into the over pressured area.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Sure, Doug. I wouldn't characterize it the way you – in the way you last stated it. But what I would say is, as we look at the ultimate development plan here, as with all other operators you have to consider the history of that DSU and frankly the surrounding DSUs. And so, the majority of our DSUs do have a parent well or direct offset. That would be true for our industry as well. The best we can tell, our position there is not too dissimilar from the rest of industry if you consider parent Meramec, Osage or Woodford wells across the STACK normally pressured area in particular.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah. Sure, Ryan. This is Mitch again. I think if you look back over the past three or four quarters, we've been highlighting in addition to the core Karnes area our activities out in Atascosa, which don't have – don't benefit from the same quality of rock and necessarily same fluid mix. But we, in taking that multi-disciplined approach that I described earlier, have gotten down to a pretty refined state where we're actually designing the combination of well spacing and completion style sub-regionally and in some cases down to the DSU. What that's translated to, as we've modified our designs, is a significant upgrading or uplifting of the inventory outside of core Karnes County, and that's why we keep sort of highlighting the results from Atascosa. So, in general, I would say the pressure is on upgrading the returns. The focus is on value optimization, not a significant change to overall inventory.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Sure. Thanks, Bob. Let me come back to a couple of points I made earlier and then I'll expand on that a little bit. But I hope you will understand we're not going to reveal sort of the full detailed recipe of how we're doing and what we're doing. But I'll say it starts with the tremendous technical database that we've developed. The team that we have there, really refining the multi-disciplined integration of that and the reservoir characterization, that allows us to then design a completion that takes advantage of the local characteristics. Supplement that with the culture that we've been building over the last few years which is never to be satisfied with yesterday's results, and what it's taken us to is an approach that allows us to customize to a very sub-regional level. And if you'll look at our completion details across the basin, you'll very clearly see that we don't have a one size fits all approach, we custom design to take advantage of what we understand about local characteristics. The Hector – record Three Forks well from Hector, the two West Myrmidon wells you mentioned, those records weren't delivered by accident. It's true that there was good rock to start with, but our completion designs were tailored to take advantage of the characteristics there. And so, it's a value optimization focus that drives it and a really refined multi-discipline integration of the large database that we have.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Sure. The Cerny did have a parent well, and so just as a reminder, we drilled three additional Meramec wells across two landing zones in a half section there, and then we drilled one Osage well and one Woodford well. The solution out here as we've talked about several times is going to be, again, fairly regional and fairly specific down to the DSU level in some cases. In this particular case, we did see some communication between Osage and Woodford but not between Meramec and those intervals. I wouldn't say that that result is necessarily translatable across long distances. We're going to need to do more multi-horizon tests to fully understand that and to optimize the solution.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah. Hey, Brian, this is Mitch again. I guess, we've got the remainder of 2018 focused on over pressured infills across STACK and then some infill down in the SCOOP area as well. And we've highlighted those I think on slide 11 if I recall.
Thomas Mitchell Little: And so, we will have some inflow of information with a couple infills down there but nothing to report today.
