Dane Whitehead: Thank you, Lee. Good morning, all. Lee [has referred] (ph) capital high points, but giving you importance of the topic, I'll further elaborate on our framework, our execution and our outlook.  As we've stated before, returning a significant amount of capital to shareholders, through this cycle, remains foundational to our value proposition in the marketplace. And when it comes to shareholder distributions, track record matters. We're building a track record we're really proud of and that investors can trust.  During 2022 we’ve returned 55% of our CFO to shareholders, significantly exceeding our 40% of CFO framework commitment. Total shareholder distributions amounted to $3 billion, good for a total shareholder distribution yield of 17%. That's the highest in our peer space and one of the top distribution yields in the S&P 500. That includes $2.8 billion of accretive share repurchases during the year.  We continue to believe that buying back our stock is an excellent use of capital due to the value we see with our shares, trading at a free cash flow yield in the upper teens. Repurchases are value accretive, a very efficient means to drive per share growth and are synergistic to grow in our base dividends.  During 2022, we reduced our share count by 15%. And since reinitiating our share repurchase program in October 2021, we've reduced our share count by more than 20%, by far, the most significant share count reduction in our peer space as shown on the bottom right graphic on Slide seven.  Another benefit of our buyback program, is the capacity it creates for ongoing growth in our per share base dividend. We recently raised our quarterly base dividend by 11% to $0.10 per share. The seventh increase in the trailing eight quarters. While its most recent increases more than fully funded by incremental cash flow from the Ensign acquisition, ongoing share count reductions from our buyback program create clear potential for further base dividend increases in the future.  Our operating cash flow driven framework is differentiated and it protects distributions from the effects of capital inflation, offsetting inflation is on us. We believe this makes for a stronger commitment to our investors, as our investors will truly get the first call on cash flow. For 2023, the recently completed Ensign acquisition makes our framework even more shareholder friendly adding close to 20% to our pre-acquisition operating cash flow, and therefore adding 20% to our shareholder distribution capacity. In addition, with the 2022 financial -- actual financial results in hand, along with the December close at Ensign, we anticipate will be able to defer U.S. cash alternative minimum taxes to 2024.  Our objective for 2023 is to firmly adhere to our return to capital framework, continuing to return at least 40% of CFO while also paying [Indiscernible] including some of the Ensign related acquisition financing. We believe we can do both, maintaining our return of capital leadership in this peer space, which is the top priority, and continue to enhance our already investment grade balance sheet through gross debt reduction, all supported by our financial strength and flexibility.  On the balance sheet, we have about $200 million of high coupon U.S.X debt maturing and replaced. We plan to pay that off with cash on hand to reduce gross debt and interest expense.  We also have $200 million of low cost tax exempt bonds maturing in 2023. These tax exempt bonds are unique and very flexible component of our capital structure. We plan to leverage the cost advantage or tax exempt credit capacity to refinance those bonds in 2023. And we have the optionality to do the same with future tax exempt maturities in 2024 and 2026.  With regard to shareholder returns, our 40% return on capital commitment in 2023 provides visibility to $1.8 billion of minimum shareholder distributions at our reference price deck as a double digit return of capital yield, one of the highest in our peer space. We have been executing share repurchases so far in Q1 ‘23. And plan to continue to do so consistent with our framework. And we have ample capacity in our current Board authorization to keep moving.  While 40% represents a good starting point for your models, our track record has been to exceed that minimum return, and we'll look to keep that track record intact in 2023. Especially if we benefit from any commodity price support over the balance of the year, which would significantly enhance both shareholder returns and debt reduction. They have tremendous leverage to commodity price improvement. And we'll use that to the benefit of our shareholders.  Now I'll turn the call over to Pat, who’ll briefly walk us through an update on the Ensign acquisition.
Dane Whitehead: Good morning, Jeanine, yes, definitely. Let me kind of go back to our return on capital commitment framework for a second, and then I'll work my way to how we're thinking about paying down acquisition debt and timing of that. One, as I stated, we're firmly committed to our [return on] (ph) capital framework, a minimum of 40% of operating cash flow to shareholders as long as WTI is about $60 and obviously, we're well above that right now.  In '22, we significantly exceeded that. We hit 55%, $3 billion back to shareholders, $2.8 billion of that was share repurchases. So significant return to in the form of share repurchases, and that's how we're thinking about 2023 as well. The Ensign acquisition really enhances our shareholder return capability added about 20% both our pre-acquisition operating cash flow and our shareholder distribution capacity. So another way to think about that is a 40% minimum shareholder return post Ensign [Indiscernible] 50% pre-Ensign. So at a minimum, we're pretty close to what we actually delivered last year, but we like having a track record not only of meeting our goal, meeting our minimum target but exceeding it, and that's what we've done so far and we intend to continue that. Too soon to give you more guidance to model on that, but that's our bias. With respect to how do we pay back acquisition debt in the context of that return framework, I think we really have the capacity to do both, even at today's commodity price, as I look at this, I see the capability to not only meet and exceed our shareholder return goals but to start to meaningfully chip away at the acquisition debt and get that interest expense and just that gross debt out of the system. From your lips to God's ears on higher oil price, we have a tremendous amount of leverage to strong commodity prices, especially oil, and that would just increase our return capacity. You did note our balance sheet is really strong. Rating agencies have given us positive feedback around that. So we're not in a mad rush to delever.  But my base case is to get that taken down at $1.5 billion 2-year term loan paid off within that window. And we can prepay it without penalty so we can just start kind of slicing chunks off as we go through. And I think we'll probably just assess that periodically as we go through the year based on how our cash generation is. But once again, restated our primary goal, our number 1 goal is return to shareholders, and that will not take a back seat to paying down the debt. While I'm here, let me just talk a second about the flexibility we have in our capital structure. I noted in my prepared comments, we have $200 million of high coupon legacy USX debt that’s going to be -- it's like 8.5% to 9% coupon. So it'd be really nice to get that out of the system. It's not a big quantum, so we're just going to pay that off of cash on hand. Aside from that, and the acquisition term loan that I already referenced, the only other maturities we have between now and 2027 are in aggregate $1 billion in tax exempt bonds that mature somewhat ratably over '23, '24 and '26. And under that tax exempt bond arrangement, we can refinance fees, as they come due in any tenor all the way out to 2037. So a ton of flexibility there. They're very interest rate advantaged to taxable debt. Even in this crazy interest rate environment, they're quite a bit advantaged and the things normalize as we go forward here a little bit from an interest rate perspective, they're -- the coupon on this one we're retiring now is 2%, and that's kind of [Indiscernible] companies. So we really like that flexibility. And the last thing I'll say is we extended recently our $2.5 billion credit facility out to July of 2027. So kind of flexibility there. Bottom line, shareholder returns first, pay back debt second. We have capacity to do both. I'm not going to give you a break line formula how we're thinking about it. But that's our commitment. And that's how we're going to proceed.
Dane Whitehead: Neal, yes. So from a base dividend perspective, we want that to be competitive and sustainable. And sustainability is kind of the governor there. We look at sort of conservative mid-cycle pricing, maybe a $50 WTI world and trend not get too far of, say, 10% of operating cash flow on that base dividend. And so that's a bit of a governor. Now we have the synergy with the share repurchases that surprisingly -- is surprising how quickly you can buy back enough stock to pay for another 10% increase, and we'll definitely be in that window again sometime this year. So that's how we think about the dividend, share repurchases, obviously, organic lion's share of our return of capital program, and I would expect that to continue as long as our free cash flow yield is indicative of a really efficient way to buy back stock.
Michael Henderson: Thanks, Pat. Turning to Slide 12 of our deck. I'll provide a brief overview of the high points of our 2023 capital pool. As expected, consistent with our disciplined capital allocation framework and our more S&P less E&P mandate, we expect to deliver strong free cash flow and significant return capital to our shareholders across a wide band of commodity prices as the graphics on the right of the slide show. At our reference price deck, we expect our $1.9 billion to $2 billion capital budget to deliver $2.6 billion adjusted free cash flow at just over a 40% reinvestment paid. As Lee and Dane both highlighted, we expect to return at least $1.8 billion of capital to our shareholders. To deliver these financial outcomes, we'll operate approximately nine rigs and 3 to 4 frac crews on average this year. We expect 2023 capital to be first half weighted, with about 60% of our total capital spend concentrated in the first half of the year largely driven by the timing of our activity. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect to deliver maintenance level oil production of approximately 190,000 barrels of oil per day, flat relative to 2022 after incorporating Ensign volumes.  As is typical for our business, there will be some standard quarter-to-quarter variability throughout the year. The lower end of our annual guidance range is a good starting point for our first quarter total oil production, approximately 185,000 barrels of oil per day. This is largely a reflection of activity timing and the associated impact on well sales, along with a very modest negative carryover impact from winter storm Ellie, concentrated in the Bakken. With activity and wells to sales weighted to the first two quarters of the year, we expect to see an improving production trend for oil into the second and third quarters. Turning to oil equivalent production. The midpoint of our guidance is 395,000 oil equivalent barrels per day, inclusive of a planned second quarter turnaround in EG that is designed to set us up for a high level of uptime in 2024. Overall, our 2023 plan is a disciplined and high confidence program designed to deliver strong financial and operational outcomes. In the Eagle Ford, we run a 4-rig program. We expect an improving well productivity trend in 2023 from an already strong 2022, due in part to Ensign contributions. In the Bakken, we will run 3 rigs in average again, focusing our activity in our high-quality hectare area of the play, where the average well pays out and licensed six months at current commodity prices. In the Permian, we expect to continue improving our capital efficiency by increasing on average lateral lines to 10,000 feet this year, an increase of over 25% in 2022. While our headline Permian wells sales guidance looks similar to last year, the strong well productivity and competitive drilling and completion performance that we've delivered is getting back to work over the second half of 2022 supports a higher level of capital allocation. We, therefore, plan to spud between 25 and 30 wells this year inclusive of at least one multi-well pad in our Texas Delaware, Meramac Woodford fleet, which will support a higher level of well to sales in early 2024.  Our Texas Delaware position is no longer an exploration play. The asset is now fully integrated into our Permian asset development team where it will compete for capital on a heads-up basis with all the other assets. So our Oklahoma asset continues to provide us valuable optionality to a fundamental strengthening of the gas and NGL price environment. We aren't exposing much capital to the asset this year. Rather, near-term activity is limited to a 1.5 rig joint venture program that will allow us to efficiently defend our acreage position and delineate some lower priority acreage limited scope and capital. With that, I'll turn it over to Lee, who will provide an update on our Integrated Gas business in Equatorial Guinea.
Michael Henderson: Thanks, Jeanine, it's Mike here. I'll take that call. So to maybe answer part of your question. Yes, I think it is safe to assume that the Eagle Ford is in maintenance mode -- all maintenance mode this year. And I think it's also correct. You're also correct in that the legacy position, we are holding volumes flat on a lower well to sales count in 2023, which is obviously a positive thing. A couple of elements that I would say go into that. The first one being the timing of when we bring wells online in the year. We are going to be bringing close to 60% of our legacy wells to sales in the first half of '23. And that definitely helps the annualized volumes.  I think the second element and probably the more important one from my perspective is well productivity and a lot goes into well productivity. But one of the things that the team has been doing is really continuing to optimize our completion design. That has resulted in an uplift in our well performance. And you see that factored into this year's business plan and the ultimate volumetric outlook.  So we were already setting up for a strong year in Eagle Ford with the legacy business. I think the addition of the Ensign acreage only reinforces our position, as Pat mentioned. I think we're particularly encouraged with the performance of the first 9 wells from the 2 pads that we brought online in the condensate window, very strong productivity, top decile and oil, really fully consistent with our belief that this is some of the highest capital efficiency inventory in the Eagle Ford. And that only adds to what was already a highly capital-efficient business. So very, very excited about the opportunities that the acquisition brings us this year and even beyond.
Michael Henderson: Yes. Thanks, Lee. It's Mike here, Neal. Maybe a couple of things. How I'd maybe characterize '23. At a high level, we've kind of assumed similar service cost on that fourth quarter environment. So that's probably a good starting point for you. And maybe consistent with what we've highlighted previously, and we touched on this a little bit. We're assuming 10% to 15% inflation that is built into our 2023 budget as relative to 2022. As we mentioned in the past, we've been working this one hard. Really, our objective was to really baseload the maintenance program kind of really try to minimize the need for spot work. A lot of benefits in doing that from safety, execution and commercial perspective. We've taken what I describe as a disciplined but thoughtful approach. Our priority has been to really protect the execution side of the business and try to get access to the same high-quality providers and equipment that we were using in '22, and I can tell you been successful there. And the majority of the folks that we're working with in '23 are we see folks that we're working with in '22. As I think about the year -- for the first half of the year, majority of our reg pressure, pumping sand in leads all fully secured. Most of the price is locked in. There's a little bit of open pricing, but not a lot where we can try to index link that to the pricing mechanisms. And then maybe for the second half of the year, that's really been a little bit more patient. That feels like the right calls just given the macro volatility at the moment.  We feel good about our ability to access high-quality providers and equipment, but we've maybe been a little bit more thoughtful in terms of how much prices we lock in. Potentially, that could work to our advantage later in the year, particularly if you see some of this commodity price weakness that we seen recently, if that persists, especially on the natural gas side of the business. That could potentially lead to less drilling and completion activity, particularly in some of those higher cost gas, please.
Michael Henderson: Yes. I think, Subhash, I'll just chime in as well on the Bakken. What you're seeing there is maybe just the improving gas capture situation in the basin as well and for ourselves. We've progressively each year got better and better and expect that to continue. So there's probably an element of that playing into it as well.
Michael Henderson: It's Mike here. Yes, just a little bit more detail on '23. We provided the reg splits and the wells to sales in the deck. So 9 to 10 rigs in total, that's excluding the JV activity, 4 rigs in the Eagle Ford, and I'll be 1 on the Ensign acreage with 3 in Bakken and then 2.5 in the Permian then 1.5 JV rigs in Oklahoma. I think Lee mentioned that roughly 80% of the capital is going to Eagle Ford and market Eagle Ford is acute capital asset with the addition of Ensign. And maybe a little bit surprised well, maybe not, it was Permian just grabbing the majority of the remaining capital. And really, that's driven by the excellent results that we've had in Permian last year.  That asset is now effectively competing for capital against the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, which is no small mean feat, making a strong case for even more capital in 2024. And a couple of elements to that well productivity is a big part of it, seen some very, very strong results there in aggregate. The 19 wells that we brought online last year averaged IP30s of over 2,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day and a 70% oil cut. Extended production history in the county is looking really good as well. One of the Thunderbird 4H well in Red Hills, that achieved an IP 120 over 2,100 barrels of oil per day. And I think you then couple that with the team. We've seen the teams really excel in their completion activities, we're probably pumping for over 19 hours a day. I think you can combine all of that together and you see the capital efficiency, a lot to like about 2022 performance then. Just paint great job that the teams have done as well with acreage trades and kind of adding to our average lateral length, it just causes that asset to become even more capital efficient. Yes, that's probably.
Michael Henderson: I think -- I mean the other thing probably you look at rig count, broadly speaking, that's definitely flattened also from an activity perspective that should be helpful as well. I kind of alluded to this in maybe one of my previous answers with commodity prices, particularly gas being where they are potentially some of the gas basins, maybe in particular, start to see activity and tailing off and that potentially could lead to a little bit of a weakening in the market as well.  And I'll probably start with rigs, but then there's a non-current effect on contribution crews and everything else that comes in the oilfield service sector. So I think when -- again, I touched on a few minutes ago when I think about our strategy, our approach to the year in terms of locking in, pretty much most of our prices in the first half of the year and then the flexibility in the second half of the year, I think we feel pretty good about the broad macro situation.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think, Neal, if you look at the aggregate efficiency of our share repurchase program, it really has been a differentiating, I think, feature for us since we started that program back in October of '21. I mean to be talking about a 20% -- over 20% reduction in shares outstanding and the dramatic impact that, that has on per share metrics it's pretty notable. And as Dane noted, not only is that a very efficient mechanism for getting that cash back to shareholders. But the synergy effect that it has with the base dividend is also pretty remarkable. So that -- those mechanisms, we believe, are still the case to be as we look ahead into 2023.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Maybe I'll just provide a couple of comments and then hand over to Mike to perhaps get into some of the details of how we're really working to mitigate those pressures in time. But when you think about cost overall, we have to bear in mind that 2022 was kind of a tale of 2 halves of the year. The first half of the year was -- certainly didn't see the level of inflationary impacts that we saw in the second half. So some of the pressure that I think we're feeling not only the company but as a sector, in 2023 is the fact that we have the full year impact of those inflationary pressures. And our $1.9 billion to $2 billion number fully contemplates that full year impact of those inflationary pressures. I think the team has done an outstanding job being very disciplined about how we lock in both capacity and costs from our service providers. And maybe I'll let Mike just expand a little bit on that point.
Lee Tillman: Yes. And maybe one just kind of closing comment as well, Neal. I know we spend a lot of time talking about inflationary pressures on the CapEx side of our business. I don't want us to forget that our operating expenses are also a critical element of our business model. And if you look at our guidance, particularly for the U.S. business this year, the U.S. unit production expense is actually going down by circa 10% year-over-year. A lot -- obviously, a lot of great work by the team, but also it reflects some of the implicit efficiency that we're gaining through the scale and the performance from the Ensign acquisition. So I just don't want to focus all of our time just on CapEx, OpEx is still a very key element of delivery of our financial metrics. And so I just wanted to highlight that before we let these questions.
Lee Tillman: Yes. No. Thank you, Doug. Well, first of all, I appreciate you pointing out the inventory life because I do think this is an important topic. This is third-party data. This is -- that we showed in the pack. It's also kind of sub-$50 WTI breakeven data. So you just have to keep in mind that this is a very specific slice of inventory life. To me, one of the key takeaways is that we're clustered in with 4 or 5 other companies that are really sitting in that 12- to 15-year inventory life. And so we're in a very good ZIP code there. So I want to start with that as a premise. We're not disadvantaged in any form or fashion when it comes to quality inventory like with exceptionally low breakeven. Getting beyond that and talking about inventory life for the portfolio, but also at a basin level. You're right in the sense that Ensign has been very accretive specifically to the Eagle Ford. But as you know, capital allocation and consumption rates ultimately sits the inventory life calculation, that's why we tend to look at it at a portfolio level as opposed to a basin level.  But you can take comfort in the fact that when we look across our basins, in aggregate, they are all at that kind of 10-year or better inventory like when we look at that from an internal perspective. We said, well, how do you think about growing that inventory life moving forward. Well, I think right now, we're just wanting to integrate and digest the Ensign acquisition, which, to us, was very much representative of the type of acquisition that makes sense for a company like Marathon, right? If you -- we talked extensively about the criteria we would use to evaluate any acquisition. And it was obviously financial accretion. It was obviously industrial logic. But a big component of that was to look for assets or opportunities that would also have a net positive effect on inventory life. And not just long-dated inventory, but inventory that can compete right now today, and that's exactly what we're seeing from the Ensign acquisition. So to the extent that we continue to screen and look at opportunities here in the U.S. And they -- and we find some that meet that criteria. I will take a very hard look at that Pat and his team are constantly looking at the opportunities within our core basins. But if anything, Ensign has actually raised that bar and raise and elevated that criteria because it was so accretive to the overall enterprise and specifically the Eagle Ford metrics.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, I think the -- first of all, on the decline rate, on the equity Alba gas time and safe, we're kind of 8% to 10% annual decline rate. So that's kind of the decline rate that we would typically experience within that asset. In terms of future opportunities, let me describe it like this. First of all, as I said in my opening comments, we have this world-class very unique infrastructure sitting in 1 of the most gas prone areas of West Africa. And quite frankly, those molecules will not get monetized unless they probably flow through EG LNG. We are the route to monetization. And we've already demonstrated success in that. If you look at the Alen project, which, as you said, if you will, another molecule, a non-equity project. But with that, we were able to participate both from a tolling as well as a percentage of proceeds on the profit sharing side of that. Not only that, but when you talk about capital, we had more infrastructure built out on someone else's capital, i.e., the Alen pipeline. And that was obviously critical for the Alen project but it also subsequently now connects us to additional discovered undeveloped gas that we know ultimately will come to market. Remember, we're in the Atlantic Basin, where transportation and geographically advantaged to European markets. There is no other monetization route for those molecules. So I have a very high confidence that between third-party opportunities as well as the fact that we continue to assess both on-block Alba and off block opportunities ourselves. Now there could be some capital requirements there. But for third-party molecules, those are going to come to us, and we're going to be able to participate in the upside, just like we have in the Alen project. So in aggregate, when I think about all of those opportunities, when I think about our already demonstrated success at Alen, we have commercial framework that works and that framework can be replicated. The fact that these molecules have to find a home or they're going to be stranded gas. I have a lot of confidence that we've got a very strong trajectory for EG LNG out to 2030 and beyond.
Lee Tillman: Anita, maybe we can do on question per analyst to try to make our way through remaining a key there. 
Lee Tillman: Yes, Subhasish, this is Lee. Just in terms of gas views, we're not in the business of predicting pricing. We're a price taker. We do have, though, however, a very natural hedge by virtue of our portfolio. I want to keep in mind that our portfolio is about 50% oil, about 50% gas and NGL. So even though prices will inevitably exhibit volatility. We've seen that on the gas side, we don't anticipate radical changes within our capital allocation program for this year. Could we see some small optimization here and there, well absolutely? But again, we're not going to try to predict or chase pricing because inherently, we have a very balanced portfolio that gives us a very broad exposure across the whole commodity deck. So we feel very good about that. We talked about some of the sensitivities within our portfolio. We still are very leveraged to oil. We like that. We think that, that is -- I'm very constructive on oil now and in the future. And I like the fact that for every dollar change in WTI, that's a $70 million uplift in cash flow for us. So I don't anticipate any major shifts in capital allocation as a result of gas volume. On your other question just around the Bakken, obviously, typically, as we have moved into the Hector area, et cetera, we will see some natural variation in GOR. But again, we're driven by profitability. I won't say we're fully agnostic to commodities. But again, we're going to be driven by economics.
Lee Tillman: Yes. And that's been a conscious investment on our part to improve that gas capture to capture that value in the field as well as obviously the emissions benefits that come with that.
Lee Tillman: Well, maybe I'll say a couple of things, and I'll let maybe Mike fill in some of the details. But -- and this year's capital allocation, about 80% of the capital allocation is flowing to the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. But we also have an uplift year-over-year in allocation to the Permian as well based on the outstanding results that we experienced in 2022.  And so that's what we're looking at this year. I would expect that as we march forward in time, the Eagle Ford and the Bakken are still going to compete very, very heavily for capital allocation. But there's no doubt that Permian now coupled not only with the Northern Delaware position, but with the Texas Delaware, Woodford, Meramec is going to start stepping up and competing more directly for capital. There are obviously some other subtleties within each basin in terms of how the capital allocation is flowing. And maybe I'll let Mike give a little bit of color on specifically what's happening at a basin level.
Lee Tillman: Well, thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil. I'd like to close by again thanking all of our dedicated employees and contractors for their commitment to safely and responsibly deliver the energy the world needs now more than ever. Thank you very much.
