Lee Tillman: Let me starts off Ryan by saying, our objective and we're still on the early days obviously of thinking about 2018, but we remain resolute in our objective of living within cash flows into 2018.  As I mentioned, when we look at our benchmark kind of 2017 to 2021 CAGR case, we're able to deliver those growth rates now in the very kind of low 50 kinds of WTI levels. However, if we need additional flexibility or adjustability, we have ample tools available to us to adjust to what the micro does deliver.
Lee Tillman: Absolutely, we're -- obviously we are not here today to talk about 2018 budget, but as we think about it more in conceptual terms. We still believe we have the right model to deliver profitable competitive growth and do that within cash flows at a relatively moderate WTI pricing.
Lee Tillman: Yes, Guy, Well, I think you hit upon some things that we really did learn in the first half of the year. We did truly outperform against our initial expectations and we did it across really all three of those key areas which is efficiency, new well productivity as well as just the base performance, our base business really the [Carian] from 2016.  So, we learned a lot in the first of the year. As we take those leanings, we obviously build those in and integrated at the end of the second half of the year plan. And as we move forward looking at 2018, well obviously take not only first half, but second half year results and integrate that as well.  All of those things that we'll contribute to continuing to drive our overall enterprise level kind of if you will breakeven cost down. And consequently, if we were to look at a case where we wanted to hold resource play production flat to say, our exit rate out of this year. We know that number is going to be well south of $2 billion. And we are still obviously working on the plans, but we know that our portfolio today is more robust than it ever has been.
Lee Tillman: Yes, well obviously, the ability to reduce capital while not only holding to our volume equipment, but actually increasing them is a function of the fact that we've simply won outperformed in the first half of the year. And that's given us more confidence that we essentially can do more with less.  Coupled with that though, we also wanted to make sure that we achieved our strategic objectives. We talked about one of those already which was the Hector program, making sure that we had adequate capital to fully test and vest that Hector area.  Similarly, in the Eagle Ford for instance, we had our strategic objective of pushing a bit farther to the West and the oil window, not dissimilar and obviously in Oklahoma it was key for us to not only keep doing our leasehold and delineation, but also to continue with the infill spacing pilot. So., we had to not only deliver the volumes, but we also had to deliver against those strategic objectives.  So, when I think about the second half of the year, it was really colored and influenced by all of those results from the first half of the year. And we certainly wanted to also consider the fact that we did not want to be turn deaf to the macro and the impact that would have on the balance sheet as well.  At a basin level, Eagle Ford and Bakken are clearly in development mode that's where we obviously some of the highest efficiency and highest returns being generated. And my compliments to both of those teams that you are seeing it not only on well productivity, in other words what the Wells deliver, but also on long well cost. And we're largely seeing that despite the fact that we were in a very -- I would say inflationary period at the beginning of this year.  So, my compliments to those teams, because it just shows the power of when you can get into development mode just the amount of capital efficiency and the level of returns that you can drive there.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well certainly on that the Bakken area, we continue to be very encouraged from the results there and what we try to do Doug was to provide that extended production history for both East and West Myrmidon dating all the way back to really the doll pads in 2015, such that the data set was there, it was visible. We have shown it relative to kind of our more historic if you will type curve, but clearly the performance is trending above that. We still have development work to do there, but our goal was to provide enough information. We're focused again could look at the real data and draw their own conclusions from it.  And due course, we'll take adjustment to type curves when we feel that's appropriate to do so. But we feel very good about the data that we're providing and the visibility that we're providing in the market on the Bakken performance.  Similarly, I think on the Hector side, I think as Mitch stated we started kind of in that North-West area, we've got only two wells that's far we've brought to sale. It looks really good initially, but we do need to step across the geology there and make sure that we're going to be able to extend that full acreage position and whether about the third of our program this year going to Hector that's exactly our intent is to really push that boundary over and make sure that we can extend to as much of that 120,000 acres as possible.
Lee Tillman: Sure, what obviously internally Doug, we are going to take our best risk view of the current production data and incorporate that into to our forward outlook. But it is still going to be a rest of you based on our confidence level and the data set that we have currently. So, we'll be running with the most up to date, but risk adjusted data in our kind of longer-term guidance that we’ve provided in the market.  And we are clearly going through the planning process today and we will take new data into that process not only for 2018, but for the long-term view as well.
Lee Tillman: Yes. First of all, I guess on your cash flow question, I think you need to consider the fact that we really began the year with a view that we were going to have a level of outspend this year that was the kind of part and parcel of our plan.  I think the positive is that we built that plan on a $55 deck, we're now of course in a more of upper 40, lower 50 kinds of world and we feel like we can still deliver in limit and outspend the amount to say $200 million to $300 million this year. So, that was all part of the plan with the loss of OSM cash flows and obviously with the new investment in Northern Delaware, that was part of our original plan. When we think about our activity levels, we tend to look at the metric which is the best measure of output which is wells to sales. Rigs, we are going to optimize, frac cruise we are going to optimize, we continue to gain efficiency across both of those areas of our business. So, we really look at well to sales and in an absolute sense, we are going to have 20% more wells to sales in the second half of the year, when we look at kind of a basin level, we are going to be running Eagle Ford at a pace in cadence that will hold that production relatively flat to 2Q.  In the Bakken, we want to deliver the Myrmidon program, but also continue with the work in Hector and so, we'll optimize the program around that and the Bakken of course well count wells to sales will be much greater in the second half for the year then it was in the first half of the year as we ramped up there. In Northern Delaware, we're really on a three-rig run rate there, because of the work that we are doing to really define the plan of development.  And then finally in Oklahoma with the outperformance and our ability to progress our strategic objectives. Now we want to make sure that the cadence really fit in terms of the pace of driving our infill programs such that we have the opportunity to incorporate learning in real-time. So, it’s those factors really that are driving our wells to sales if you will in the second half for the year. So, we think of it more as wells to sales story versus a rig count story.
Lee Tillman: I'm going to start and then I'm going to hand over to Mitch for a little bit more of the technical details. First and foremost, to me the Hansen continues to support kind of our six wells per DSU base case that we had for the black oil window. But I will stress, it is still a very limited data set. Hansen is only one of three or four infills in the Meramec black oil window. So, we're still testing a lot of variable.  I mean these truly are a pilot, these are not development pads, these are truly pilots where we're still trying to understand the best way to maximize value and return from each of these DSUs and I want to stress value and return, because it's very easy I think to get distracted by just the IP 30 gain. And you have to look at the well productivity, the completed well cost and how that's actually delivering returns and value.  And I think often times, we try to kind of take the stack as being this ubiquitous play that's the same everywhere, where we know that we've got volatile oil window, we got the black oil window, they are very different, their cost structures are very different and consequently their IP performance is quite different. So, we're still very early days, I think we've got two of our pilots now on the ground. But we continue to be obviously it supportive of where the black oil Meramec program is going to take it, but it still very early days. With that, Mitch.
Lee Tillman: And even that's part of the reason why cadence right now is very important. Because we want to make sure that we've time to integrate and incorporate this substantial data acquisition and technical work that we're doing in subsequent pads. And so that's the phase that we're in right now and so that does really set some of that cadence in Oklahoma at least as it pertains to infill spacing in the black oil window.
Lee Tillman: Okay. Thanks for expressing our preference. Let me start maybe with portfolio management. We will never be done with portfolio management. It's just something that we need to do as an AMP company. We've had a very strong focus on that.  Our corporate development team has just done an outstanding job and implementing our non-core asset program which really culminated in some ways with the exit from oil sands mining business, but I would not want anyone to think with that transaction that we consider ourselves done.  There are still elements of our portfolio that we continue to asses that are outside of kind of our core assets, which are really our U.S. resource plays and Equatorial Guinea are really the two areas where that really comprise our core business today, but we continue to look for avenues to continue to improve that simplification and concentration of our portfolio.  So, I would just say continue to watch that space Paul, I mean we simply will never be done on the portfolio optimization side. EG today provides a very key free cash flow business that supports our ability to deliver within our kind of cash flow, neutral objectives. So, it still fulfills a very key role for us.  But as you step aside of those assets, we want to continue to challenge and ask ourselves the question, do they compete for capital allocation and could they potentially have more value to another operator. On you second question around dividend growth, in the dividend in general, the dividend discussion is a discussion we have each and every quarter as a leadership team and then subsequently with our board as well.  We scrutinized that to make sure that it still fits for where we are in the business cycle and where we are as a company today. And we talk about how that might be used in the future as we get to a different future state. But it's something that's always been under discussion at this stage and I think as we really continue to demonstrate consistent and profitable growth quarter in and quarter out, we believe that the dividend is still playing a role to help us scrutinize that last dollar of capital to ensure that we can put it to good use on behalf of the shareholder. But rest assured, it is a discussion each and every quarter with leadership.
Lee Tillman: Well, I think right now we are prioritizing obviously on the most profitable wells that we can bring to sales. For us, because of the portfolio in our four basin is largely liquids biased with the exception may be some of the gas area, most of the gas production you are seeing is associated gas outside of our international business where you have EG but we like our Oil and liquids waiting we felt that was a very important and specific that our growth metrics were on both of BoE as well as an oil basis to give that priority on that mix going forward but that mix it's going not use to continue to stay strong. We like our liquids biased and we are going to continue to support that liquids in all biased.
Lee Tillman: I think we are going to be in a defensive hedger where we try to get in there and protect the key aspects of our investments program but at the same time going back to my comments, we are on liquids waiting. We wanted to actually make sure that we preserve that upside potential for our investors as well that’s critically important to go forward business model.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think that - this is Lee, Jeff. I think that clearly, we are watching those developments very closely as you know particularly in the Midland where that work seems to be progressing much more aggressively. I mean Northern Delaware is still kind of in the early phases.  This is really our first foray in getting out and testing some of our assumptions that we had built in into the acquisition economic. I think though when you go to those extremely large-scale developments you need to have a pretty high certainty on your spacing and your completion designs and ultimately how you're going to manage the peak production that's going to come with that.  We're not at that phase. I mean, we picked it, and we just completed two wells in the last quarter. This was really an acreage pickup by us. We're still - I would say accessing and determining the best combination of spacing both vertically and horizontally as well as the completion design that complements that spacing.  And so, to go out and start replicating that in more of a manufacturing mode, we're not quite there yet. So that's kind of the technical reason. I think pragmatically, you've got to be extremely comfortable that the capital efficiency that you're generating at the surface is consistent maybe with some of the sub surface risk that you may be taking on with that. Because you really do have to standardize on a design and replicate a design and have confidence in that design both spacing and completion to do that type of initial large-scale development.  Longer-term I think at the end of the day we're going to have to be able to understand though manage well communication whether we do it in large developments or small developments. This is part of the physics that we ultimately are going to have to understand and be able to account for and plan for.
Lee Tillman: Well, I think that you could apply a similar kind of logic I think in Oklahoma. I think in Oklahoma there is a bit more development there. You have a bit more leasehold offset to you as well. So perhaps a pure kind of application and absolutely no other well interference might be a bit more challenging just because of the layout of Oklahoma.  But I do think that these are all things that we need to consider as we move through our own pilot programs. As are there some implicit advantages even if you have a parent well in place to going in and doing you’re - if you will full development pattern all at one time obviously coming back at a later point present some unique challenges. So, I think the logic can certainly be applied in Oklahoma.
Lee Tillman: All right. So, thank you very much for joining us today. It was a fantastic quarter. I want to again thank all of our teams and our employees that contributed to this great outcome. We continue to believe that the robust model that we've develop with the focus on these U.S. unconventional plays to deliver long-term profitable growth do that within cash flows to generate value for our shareholders is a very compelling investment case. So, thank you for your time and attention today and your interest in Marathon Oil.
Mitchell Little: Yes, sure Ryan. This is Mitch. As you note, we brought on our first two Hector wells with our enhanced completions designs that we had kind of proven up in the Myrmidon area. This year, one of our objectives was to extend that down in the Hector, those first two wells have come on strong. I think average IP between the two is about 2500 BOE a day. And we have got a number of additional trials as we laid out in the earnings release.  We are going to extend that across the rest of Hector moving from kind of North West to the East. We've got an additional five pilots and about a third of remaining wells to sales in the second half will come from Hector. We do see some variability in reservoir quality across that Hector position and so the objectives of the additional wells this year will be to see just how far we can extend that, but obviously we're very encouraged by the early results.
Mitchell Little: If I could just to clarify to make sure it’s clear, those five additional pads in Hector, not five additional wells, so it’s about the third of the wells to sales in the second half.
Mitchell Little: Evan, I'll just try to build on to that a little bit and maybe start picking up from one of lease last point which the Hansen section, those where 4,600-foot laterals completed well cost of about $4.3 million. And so, as we Lee rightly point out, that's not a ubiquitous play, there is different drilling depths and different completion styles and techniques across the play.  These are unique plays, not unlike any other play and if you look at the progression of whether [Caine], Woodford, or Bakken or Eagle Ford, we're in the optimization phase and the fact pattern that we see here and the number of trials that's going on is pretty consistent with how those plays built up and ultimately, we crack the nut. These were the that kind of technical challenges that our teams loved to solve and they have done it before and I've got confidence that we'll continue to optimize here with a lot of running room.  To specifically answer one your other questions, the Yost was our first attempt in the black oil infill, we started with kind of our baseline conclusion design there. We learned some things about well interactions and we've modified completion parameters on the Hansen.  In terms of fluid chemistry, fluid mix and the use of diversion, we're encouraged and not to mention tighter spacing test if you recall and as we try to lay out in the slide, this was really multidimensional pilot and on the western side of the section, we actually tested 660 foot spacing versus about 900 foot spacing on the Hansen.  With the completion changes we made even on the tighter spacing, we're seeing some uplift in the early performance. We're encouraged by that. We invested a lot in technical data acquisition in the Hansen to help us better characterize the fractured geometry, through use of electromagnetic proppant, micro-seismic and seismos which is a pulse wave imaging log.  So now, we're integrating that with the performance of these wells, we'll make some more radical design changes in the next pads which we think we'll help concentrate the energy closer to the new wells. And we look forward to seeing and how quickly and how materially, we can optimize as we go forward, particularly these direct offset wells.
