Mike Henderson: Thanks, Dane. In 2022, we fully expect to once again deliver pure leading financial and operating results. Our $1.2 billion capital program with details summarized on slide 13 is fully consistent with our disciplined capital allocation framework that prioritizes holder returns and free cash flow generation over production. We expect our 2022 program to deliver over $3 billion free cash flow at a reinvestment rate of less than 30% assuming $80 WTI and $4 Henry Hub. As Dane just mentioned, by staying disciplined and maintaining a low reinvestment rate, we expect to exceed our minimum return of capital commitment of 40% of cash flow from operations. We will continue our investment in reducing our GHG intensity, targeting a 40% reduction relative to our 2019 baseline. In addition, the gas capture of 99% or better. At basin level, consistent with prior indications around our capital allocation mix, we will be spending approximately 75% of our capital budget in the Eagle Ford and Bakken with the balance going to the Permian and Oklahoma. Included within our Permian program is the continued disciplined progression of our emerging Texas, Delaware oil fleet with a planned four-well appraisal plan later in the year. I'm excited about the restart of a more steady activity level in both Permian and Oklahoma and the strong economics associated with these opportunities. We are not allocating any production growth capital in 2022 and expect our total company oil and oil equivalent production to be flat with the 2021 full year averages. Yet, while we aren't growing absolute production levels, the 8% reduction to our share count we've already achieved is driving significant growth to our production per share, cash flow per share and free cash flow per share, metrics we believe are highly correlated with shareholder volume. While we expect our full year 2022 average production for both oil and oil equivalent to be flat versus the prior year. There will be some natural variability from one quarter to the next, largely a result of well timing that is typical for our short-cycle business. For any given quarter, it is reasonable to expect a plus or minus 5% variance around the midpoint of our full year production guidance though similar from what you saw from us 2021. Our focus will remain on maximizing our capital efficiency and free cash flow generation sustainably over time, not the production output of any single quarter in isolation. For first quarter 2022, due to the timing of our wells to sales and some typical winter weather downtime, we expect our total company oil production to be at the lower end of our annual guidance range at around 168,000 barrels of oil per day for improving into the second quarter. Regarding our capital spending profile, our full year capital will be slightly weighted to the first half of the year with approximately $350 million of CapEx expected during 1Q 2021. I want to make clear that should commodity prices continue to surprise to the upside, we will remain disciplined and have no plans to allocate production growth capital With a balanced exposure to oil, natural gas and NGLs, our company retains significant leverage to commodity price upside with a $1 barrel increase in oil price, translating to around $60 million incremental free cash flow. We believe preserving this upside is important for our investors. The resilience of our 2022 program is underscored by a free cash flow breakeven well below $35 per barrel WTI, assuming conservative gas and NGL prices. a hedge book that preserves our upside commodity exposure and an advantaged US cash tax position, with no US federal cash income taxes expected until the second half of the decade. I will now turn it over to Lee, who will provide an ESG update, and we'll close out our prepared remarks.
Mike Henderson: Morning Jeanine. It's Mike here. I'll give you a little bit of detail on the acquisition, and then I'll kick it over to Lee to provide a little bit of that broader perspective. So the acquisition, it’s a small Eagle Ford bolt-on and the core, it added a few sticks. But I think more importantly for us, it allowed us to drill some extended laterals down in Karnes County there. Maybe on the broader question, I'll fire that over to Lee if that's okay.
Mike Henderson: Yes. Just touching on the laterals. I think I maybe mentioned in previous comments, but we're looking at a 10% increase in the Eagle Ford year-over-year. Mentioned Oklahoma, we're doing Bakken there. I think it's a 30% increase in Oklahoma from the last time we were operating there. And then in Permian, it's actually over 50% increase. So all of those things are obviously the benefit capital efficiency. The other things I've mentioned, and this is something that we've touched on in the past. We've got a bit of a track record in terms of just improving capital efficiency, and it isn't just down to lateral lengths. I think we continually look at our well design. We're always looking to optimize there and really try to maximize value. And the second area is just execution efficiency. What I'd say is we got a pretty relentless focus there, just on how we drill and how we improve and quite honestly, how we operate our wells. And then the third element is maybe supply chain optimization, I think we've got a -- we're continually looking at our cost models, really trying to determine what ultimately makes sense for us. So while we're seeing a little bit of inflation at the moment, we do try to offset by all of the things that I've just mentioned.
Mike Henderson: Yes, Scott, it's Mike here. Maybe I would think about Bakken on annual kind of year-to-year basis, it's going to be pretty flat. It's how I think about it. We're going to see quarterly variability, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. I mean that's just to be expected. But as you -- I think about it on an annual basis it’s pretty flat.
Mike Henderson: Again, you're going to see a little bit of variability there, but I think it's going to be pretty close to that.
Mike Henderson: I don't -- Scott, it's Mike again. I don't think we've disclosed anything on breakevens. I mean -- we had -- we have 14, 15 redevelopment tests last year. And as I mentioned, a little bit earlier, we provided a little over 100 stacks. We've got another 15 wells planned this year to potentially derisk and some additional areas and potentially look to add some further locations. And I think we look at this on an annual basis. We've got a number of these, we call it OEO opportunities, and we'll continue to look at that on an annual basis. And we may have some more in the future. I think a lot of it is dependent on the results that we see.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question. First of all, I think we are already on a pace in first quarter room to return of 50% or more of our CFO back to investors. And as we demonstrated in 2021, whether you look at fourth quarter in isolation where we got hit that 70%, kind of, milestone back to equity investors or even look at the full year, including our gross debt reduction, which also achieved 70%, we know that we have that potential for delivery. But I think what it might be helpful for Dan to talk a little bit about the mechanics of how we approach the share repurchase program because I think it will give you a little bit more insight on how the year will likely play out. So I'll kick over to Dan.
Lee Tillman: And maybe if I can just wrap-up, Arun. I think fourth quarter was a great example of that model. We had signaled that kind of at least the 50% of CFO getting back to shareholders. But as the quarter progressed and as we implemented the structured programs, we saw an opportunity with price support and the cash flow generation that we were seeing to go above and beyond that. And that's in fact how we got to that 70% marker.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Good morning Arun. I can certainly take you through that. I'll start with the Bakken and then I'll probably jump on to Eagle Ford. But in the Bakken, we're -- as we included in the presentation, looking at 50 to 6 0 wells to sales. What I would say is probably more weighted towards the first half of the year. It is a higher working interest program this year, which talks the works in our favor. What I would say is largely focused in Hector, and Eagle Ford, again, as we mentioned in the presentation, 120 wells to sales. Activity is going to be across our core areas. So we're looking at about 45% of the activity in Karnes, 35% in Atascosa and the remainder up in Gonzales. We are looking at longer laterals on average in Eagle Ford this year. So that should enhance our efficiencies. We're also going to be continuing the redevelopment testing that in fact, I think it was this time last year, you asked the question. So we'll probably make a date for first and next year. We'll give you another update, but we're continuing the redevelopment testing there. We've 15 wells planned in 2022. We had some good success in 2021. We've added a little over about 100 high-return redevelopment locations to inventory there. So it seems pretty logical to continue that activity into 2022. Permian again, 20 to 25 wells to sales. It's probably going to be more focused on the second half of the year, targeting the Upper Wolf Camp. And what I'd say is split pretty much 50/50 between Red Hills and Malaga. And then wrapping up Oklahoma, again, 20 to 25 wells to sales, what I'd say there is heavy scoop Woodford focus. And similar to what we're seeing in the Eagle Ford, we're going to benefit there from some longer average lateral length. I think we're 30% up from when we had our last full year of activity in Oklahoma.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. That's great, Mike. Thanks. From a broader A&D perspective, Jeanine, I think first and foremost, we're going to view all opportunities -- inorganic opportunities for the lens of really our high confidence organic case, which we obviously have spent a lot of time describing today and the types of financial metrics that's delivering. So needless to say, is that's a relatively high bar for any opportunity that's inorganic in nature. And of course, to pursue something, we're going to have to see it as accretive to that organic case. And again, that's going to be a challenge. We will continue to assess and evaluate those things in the marketplace, particularly those that are around our core areas. But we're going to be very disciplined. The same discipline that you see us applying in our organic business. You should expect that when we look at A&D activities as well. I think the opportunity that Mike described is a great example of an accretive opportunity to bought a little bit of PDP, but generally allowed us to build on a core area and extend our lateral links and improve our capital efficiency. And so those are the type of kind of hand in glove fits that we'll be looking for.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. And just as a reminder, the $1.4 billion of gross debt that we took out last year also brought with $50 million of annualized interest rate savings. And so when we think about our overall enterprise free cash flow breakeven, that's cost structure that is coming out of the business. So it is good to continue to keep retiring that debt as it matures. But we don't see the need to accelerate any of that.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Maybe I'll just refer you to our kind of five-year benchmark scenario that we just updated to include from 2022 to 2026. So essentially, we've added a year. We've incorporated kind of what we've seen from an inflation standpoint, et cetera. And what I would say is that, that relative capital allocation weighting stays essentially in that same range throughout that five-year view, Josh. So no radical movement, you'll see some capital move in between basins, but kind of that 20% to 30% going to Delaware and Oklahoma, that's pretty consistent across that five-year benchmark maintenance scenario, just to kind of give you a little bit of a benchmark. Q - Josh Silverstein Got it. Thanks, guys.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think, you're seeing a little bit of natural variability as we optimize across facilities and developmental areas. So there's not much more of a read through, I think, than that. But in terms of inventory wise, we obviously talk at a corporate level about having more than a decade of high-quality inventory. You need to only look at the Enverus data, which, of course, we included within the appendix of the deck. But beyond that, when you look at each of our individual basins, they each independently also have over a decade of inventory for inventory to exploit. So we feel very good about the outlook, the five-year benchmark case and even the portfolio model work that we've done on the 10-year benchmark continues to show us delivering annualized financial outcomes that look very similar to what we're delivering this year on a price normalized basis. And from a capital efficiency standpoint, we've been the leader of the pack there for quite some time. We'd included, again, a little bit more public available data on that point. But there is no real drop off per se in that capital efficiency as we move amongst the plays. These are still very economic opportunities across the board, both within -- both the Eagle Ford and Bakken, but also within Oklahoma and Delaware, with, obviously, Oklahoma benefiting somewhat from some of the strength in NGL and gas pricing. But quite frankly, that uplifts all of the portfolio. So from our perspective, a very strong runway looking ahead. And when we take that inventory and convert it into financial outcomes, we feel very confident in both the five and the 10-year view.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I believe right now, our focus, Scott, is really again on per share accretion, whether that be free cash flow, cash flow or even production on a per share basis. We're going to be informed by the macro. But at the end of the day, we're price takers, not price predictors. And there's a wide range of potential outcomes that are going to be driven clearly by events, as well as supply and demand fundamentals. But our strategy is predicated on really generating outsized free cash flow, when we are in a constructive pricing environment. And I don't really see that mantra changing as we move out in time. And I think that the growth in per share metrics for us is the right approach, I think, for a mature business that is trying to attract more of a broad investor universe.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think what you're asking there is are we kind of leveraging longer laterals in the portfolio this year. I think Mike had upon a few of those points. But Mike, maybe you want to just talk broadly not only about extended lateral but some of the other things that we're doing from an efficiency standpoint as we look to mitigate some of the inflationary pressures.
Lee Tillman: No, I don't think there is any -- certainly no undue influence of that fact on our business plan and our capital allocation from that standpoint, Neal. But clearly, as you pointed out on Page 14, it does put us in an advantaged position in terms of the cash flow generation over kind of over this mid-term period. And of course, we battle tested this to make sure that between our NOLs and our foreign tax credits that this is the right ZIP code for us from a cash tax standpoint. But it doesn't influence us directly from a capital allocation standpoint. We're still going to be returns and NPV-driven on the opportunities we select to invest in.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think, Doug, the way I would kind of phrase that is, we're not going to try to convince ourselves that we're price predictors. We believe that a more ratable, dollar average type approach where we can look through the cycle. I mean, just to give you an example, Doug, if you look at that $1 billion of share repurchases that we did, that was done below a $17 share price. And of course, today, I don't know where we are trading in the market this morning, but certainly north of $20. So I think that the opportunity that presents itself is when you have a model where you are resilient across a broad range of commodity price outcomes, that kind of procyclicality argument starts fading away. And I think it's indicative of a new, more mature model that we're deploying now at least at our company in the E&P space. And so, I think, Dane said it well. I think with this new model, it does give us that ability to really invest in our shares through the cycle. And again, assuming we continue to see the types of yields that we're seeing, free cash flow yields down to even down to 60% or 10%, we feel very strongly that, that is a great option for us. And we look at the suite of investment options, certainly investing in our own company and the confidence that, that shows and the return that is generating makes the most sense for us. So I would not expect us to try to say, for the rainy day and try to predict when that's actually going to occur.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, I think, if you do look even at just the third-party data, and clearly, it does shift in terms of kind of where that higher return inventory lies as that price deck moves up. I mean, we test all of our opportunities at a very conservative price deck. So when I talk about over a decade of inventory, we typically are testing that inventory at $50 WTI. So, it goes without saying that some of that Tier 3 and Tier 4 inventory, if we continue to see constructive pricing will allow us to economically grow that inventory just from a price perspective. But I do think the Enverus data is broadly indicative of that effect as you look at the breakeven cutoffs that they have shown, clearly, as prices move higher, it's going to enhance that inventory depth over time. So, we try to speak pretty conservatively is the way I would put it again. And really not only conservative in terms of our inventory life, but make sure that we show transparency on what that inventory can generate from a financial outcome standpoint, because it's not just inventory, it's the quality of inventory. And I think the balance of data that we've shown on capital efficiency, the level of reinvestment rate that we can deliver, are all indicative of the capital efficiency embedded in that well over a decade of inventory lies.
Lee Tillman: Yes. If I could just add in, Scott. Bottom line is that the redevelopment wells compete head-to-head with the rest of the portfolio. They have to compete on a heads-up basis for capital allocation with the rest of the portfolio. So breakevens per se will be not dissimilar to what we see across the rest of the portfolio.
Lee Tillman: Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil. And I'd like to close by again thanking all of our dedicated employees and contractors for their commitment to safely and responsibly deliver the energy the world needs each and every day. That ends our call.
Dane Whitehead: All right. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Yes. With regard to share repurchases, obviously, we just spent 30 minutes talking that impact that we've been aggressively buying back shares, and we think that's good value, but we really move the needle by buying back 8% of the stock. And so we expect us to continue with that kind of program. In terms of how we execute on that, we have -- we use a couple of tools when executing the share repurchase. And I think of it sort of as a base program and that's sort of a top-up program. The base program, we established simple 10b5-1 programs. Most recently, we've sized those around $250 million. And we set those in motion to be purchased ratably over a set period of time, typically 30 days to 45 days. We established those 10b5 -1s when we're not in a blackout period, of course. And then they can execute daily through blackout period. So for example, we're buying back stock today under a 10b5-1, and earnings date is the ultimate definition to day [Technical difficulty]
Dane Whitehead: Sorry, I'm getting a little beat back here. The ratability of that daily program really helps you in a period of volatility. You're not trying to hunt and peck for low points in the stock price to just ride through in dollar cost average into it. And if we get to the end of a period and our cash flow is sufficient to top up on top of what we've done with these 10b5-1 we can go in with daily purchases under what's called our NBA team. And we can do those in fairly significant size. We can really move a lot of stock in a short period of time under that mechanism if we have the capacity to do it. So I would expect -- you should probably step by step to continue to execute like this with the base load and then we have the ability to adjust based on how commodity prices and other factors in our business contribute to our cash flow.
Dane Whitehead: Yeah. Jeanine, this is Dane. Let me take a cut at that. So really, we've got three choices for returning cash to shareholders. The base dividend, share repurchases or some sort of a variable cash return that people often describe as variable dividends. And kind of here's how we think of each. The base dividend. So our objective there with the base dividend is to have a competitive yield when compared to peer average and the S&P 500. And also in addition to competitive, we needed to be sustainable. And we think of that in the context of a pretty conservative planning basis price deck sort of in a $45 to $50 world, where we know investors can count on that base dividend and partially any circumstance. With our recent fourth consecutive increase in the base dividend, yields competitive with peer average and a little bit better than the S&P 500. So check that box. From a sustainability perspective, we really think about 10% of cash flow from operations has been where we want to target that dividend again in that $45 to $50 world. What keep the enterprise breakeven, free cash flow breakeven after dividend below 40%, we're well below that. So we're in good shape there. The $0.07 again is about right in line with the 10% at that stated price deck. And then keep in mind, there are synergies between the base dividend and share repurchases. As we reduce outstanding shares, we can increase the base dividend further and still stay within that 10% CFO threshold. So we really like that in our play. Share repurchases, we just went through that in quite a bit of detail, but we still -- the value proposition is so strong there. It's just hard to take your eyes off that, as the largest attractor of return of cash to shareholders. We certainly, from a variable dividend perspective, have considered that and it remains a potential tool for us, use in the future to supplement the base dividend and share repurchases. I wouldn't want to do it to the detriment of the yield of the base dividend or share repurchases, especially when the implied free cash flow yield is so high on those repurchases, and the program is so efficient. But we're not closing the door on any techniques that, I do think on your pro-cyclicality question, just keep in mind, when the free cash flow yield is that high, it doesn't feel pro-cyclical as me at all. And because we've really bulletproofed our company were down price cycles, we can keep buying to pretty much any price cycles. So – and that's really kind of our intention.
Dane Whitehead: Yeah. My base case is pay them off with cash. They're really kind of small bite-sized maturities. There's – we've got like $38 million of U.S. – old USX debt, if you can believe that with an average coupon it's about close to 10%. It will be nice to get that out of the system. The following year or so, there's another 200 million of USX debt like that. And then we get into a couple of maturities that are the muni bond debt that's pretty unique to us. We like that one, because we can buy it back and put it into treasury, if you will and keep it as capacity to reissue in the future and relatively low cost debt compared to taxable debt. So short answer to your question, base case paid it off, with cash, I think there's some good synergies with interest reduction, especially on that higher coupon debt. And – but as we pay off those munis, we'll kind of retain the optionality. And if we need those going forward to tackle a larger maturity tower or for any other circumstances nice to have.
Dane Whitehead: Lee, I'll take a shot at that. As I mentioned earlier in an earlier answer, we really are focused on maintaining a competitive yield with that base dividend, and we're right on top of the average for the peer group today and a little bit ahead of the S&P 500. And we have raised that base dividend four quarters up consecutively to point now. We're paying $50 million a quarter to shareholders. We do want to make sure that it passes the sustainability test. So 10% of cash flow from operations, pretty conservative $45 to $50 planning basis, price environment. And when we want to keep the enterprise free cash flow breakeven below $40, and it's well below 40 at this point. So it's probably $35 or less after dividend. The other synergies that I keep pointing to because they're real is as we continue to buy back shares, we create more capacity or that dividend for that base dividend and frankly, as we pay down some of that high-coupon debt, more capacity for the base given name as well. So we're very focused on keeping that competitive, but we also not to be sustainable. We think we've got a flywheel effect going here that's going to be that base dividend, go forward.
