David E. Roberts: Okay. Sounds like several questions. I'll see if I can get to them all, Doug. First off all on the Bakken, we're going to stick with where we are. We're pretty much consistently on where we said we were going to be type curve-wise with the 30-stage fracs in the core area of the field. As we start getting results from the Diomedes area, which is the Western area of the field, which won't occur until later this month when we actually get some pump equipment out there, we'll take another look at those. Now with respect to Eagle Ford, a lot of chatter about -- from wells that we put out there and some of our partners had put out there. And what we can say is that the high GOR area is generally exceeding our type curve expectations. We have not yet shifted our curves up. We are seeing some variability across the play. There are some areas that are a little bit lower. In majority, the wells are behaving better. And these are in areas that, although we classify them as the high GOR areas, typically are falling at the low end of those GOR boundaries, 500 to 1,000. From an activity perspective, in the first quarter, we would have added approximately 20 to 25 wells, and all of them would have been in the high-GOR areas. So all of our activity was essentially in that area. And so what we've been able to do since then, in terms of our Q2 expectations is, again, we're largely still focused on the high-GOR area. But importantly, our cadence has improved markedly. I would expect that we would be able to double the number of wells that we are going to add to our portfolio in the second quarter. And of that number, 25% are going to be in the condensate area. We are currently running 6 rigs in the condensate area, so we should start seeing some results from that area very quickly. But based on the fact that the high-GOR wells are performing at or better than expectations, I have no reason to doubt that our type curves for the condensate wells are going to perform as well. And so we're looking forward to seeing those results sometime during this month.
David E. Roberts: Yes. We're not moving off of our numbers in terms of what our guidance for the existing acreage that we have is. I think, critically, in the earnings release, we feel very good about what happened to us in April in terms of our ability to essentially add 1,200 barrels a day net on a weekly basis. And now that we're running 18 rigs across the portfolio with fully subscribed 4 frac crews, we believe that we're going to be able to add the 16 and 20 wells a month to the portfolio. So that guidance remains intact. We understand that we've got a lot of work to do there. With respect to Paloma, we've characterized that acreage position, we've characterized it as something that will pick up 7,000 barrels a day when it comes into our portfolio, hopefully in August. My view is that will be the number that we get. And you could look for that position to grow slightly over -- towards the end of the year to maybe 9,000 or 10,000 barrels a day. We'll see once we get a hold of it, we're going to be very careful with it. But on the annualized basis, I guess that puts us and being able to talk about our overall Eagle Ford of between 32-plus thousand barrels a day.
David E. Roberts: Yes. Arjun, I think we're still pretty comfortable with this 8.5 range for our Bakken well. And that's what we had kind of anticipated once we've got to 30-stage fracs. Any increases that we're seeing there are really ones that we're driving in terms of maybe adding a little bit more fluid to the completions or whatnot. We're actually seeing some of the heat come off of the pressure pumping market across the U.S. And so that's going to help us hold our costs in as far as that goes. In the Eagle Ford, we're still very comfortable with this $8.5 million, again, well costs there. We have fixed contracts and so we're not seeing as much price relief potentially as we'd like in that part of the basin. But one of the things I would say is that we're seeing a lot of pressure on GOR pricing in South Texas because of the hot activity. And our commitments, I think, are going to allow us to remain outside of some of that inability to get products. So we still feel pretty good about what our pricing is in both of our key hot basins. We're running 2 rigs in the Niobrara. Where really in an important phase right now. We've got 7 wells that we're doing completions on. We've done most of these with cementless completions. It's a change from what we had done a little bit earlier. We brought one online this week. It's very early days. But it's flowing, it's a little bit less than 500 barrels a day. We're typically seeing 200 barrels a day out of these wells on pump, but we'll see if the cementless completion actually works for us. We'll know a little bit more towards the beginning part of June. But again, our big issue there is we still are concerned with the fact that these, in our view, are 250,000 to 300,000 EUR wells. We're still drilling these wells for a little bit north of $5 million. We've got to get that cost down to $4 million and get better completions. So as we've said consistently, this is an interesting exploration project, that's how I'd characterize it. But we'll get to some more interesting data in the next 30 to 60 days.
David E. Roberts: Yes. I think, Paul, we're pretty consistent that we've -- since we took this over and most of the assets that we acquired were on WTI contracts, we've been working very hard to move this to an LLS-based crude. We believe we've gotten there and we are pretty firm that it's LLS minus 6 and we think that's where the market is. There is, obviously, going to be some tightening over time. But right now, we think that's a good marker for you all to use. Yes, and I think to get to that point -- yesterday we actually started flowing some of our crude down pipelines, which essentially secures that pricing mechanism. And importantly, it's going to get substantial number of our trucks off the road, which we think is important for how we operate in South Texas as well.
David E. Roberts: Okay. Yes. Paul, as I think we pointed out in the release, our spud-to-spud days in the Eagle Ford have fallen to 25 days over the last 3 or 4 months. Frankly, I expect us to be able to drive that even lower. And we are seeing some wells lower than that band. We think that, that's as good as there is in the basin. We're going to continue to test our limits to drive that forward on a go-forward basis. As I said a little bit earlier, consistent with the information that we put out at innumerable conferences, I'd still refer you to the charts that we have on our single well economics for the 30-day IPs, for the various fields that we've got out there, high GOR, 675 is the number we have out there. And you heard me mention to Doug a little bit earlier that we will see some of the condensate wells, and we're expecting those at 1,650 boes per day. Having said that, as I mentioned earlier, most of the wells that we're drilling out there in the high-GOR area are above those expectations, and so we may continue to improve those on a go-forward basis. We have had some cost pressure, both in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, in terms of operating costs. Eagle Ford not unexpected. We stood up a huge business unit to prepare for what we expect is going to be 100,000 barrels a day business. And so we're seeing some pretty significant costs quarter-on-quarter there. And we've seen Bakken increases in the first quarter over last year as we moved into the Diomedes area, which is a higher water area in the Bakken. Generally, I would say that, while the basins fall within our guidance range of $8.50 to $9.50 per barrel per FLC with the Eagle Ford being toward the high end of that range and the Bakken towards the low end of it, but what I would say is that once we get the businesses underway, particularly in the Eagle Ford, my expectation is that next year, you're going to see those numbers fall back into the $7 to $8 range across our unconventional basins.
David E. Roberts: Yes. The Bakken is oil plays, 100%. And so we're producing, right now, as we've kind of indicated, 25,000, 26,000 barrels a day. And I think we've been pretty just positive on what we expect those rates to go forward and it's going to be 100% oil. On the Eagle Ford, the 20,000 barrels a day plus minus that we're producing, it's 80% condensate, 7% NGLs and the remainder is natural gas. And I would expect that those ratios are going to hang in line 85% liquids and the remainder natural gas as we continue to progress up the curve that we've also been very open about sharing into the future.
David E. Roberts: No. Well, I mean -- okay, let me backtrack a little bit. In the low-GOR oil area that we classified, yes. We've said consistently we would be open to opportunities to allow somebody else to participate in those areas. In the lower end, high-GOR areas, if I can be that specific, no. We would not be interested in diluting our interest.
David E. Roberts: Yes. We've been very quick to adapt to what other operators in the areas have done, both in specific areas. But also some of their specific techniques, and we've been able to dramatically drop our spud-to-spud times there from 7 plus days to 50 or less. So we've been very pleased with our team's performance in being able to execute in the Woodford and Oklahoma.
David E. Roberts: Okay, Drew [ph]. I think what I would say is -- we consistently say that Wilson was below our expectations, and we are not conducting any activities by and large in those areas. Gonzalez is a little bit different. We've got rigs running across some of those areas. And to this point, we've been fairly pleased that those wells exhibit some very positive characteristics of the high-GOR oils that we've expected. So what we call our union area and certainly, a little bit south to that, in the DeWitt County area, we've been very pleased with. So far, so good there. But Wilson, we think is challenged with respect to the Eagle Ford.
David E. Roberts: Well, I mean, this morning, as I've been pretty consistently saying, we expect that the trends to close back. And this morning, the differential was $2. So we're back into this total range of both transportation from the well and differential to about a minus 7 to WTI. So the Bakken's recovered very nicely.
David E. Roberts: Yes. We will be drilling at least one well on a Marathon-operated block in 2012, and may get the second one started. So we will actually be conducting operations this summer.
David E. Roberts: Yes, I can. I think, again, we've run into a smallest-sized reservoir issue that has, what I would characterize as very channelized flow regime, and we've not seen the pressure support from any kind of meaningful drive mechanism. It's not the same problems. It's very similar to what we've seen in some of the other recent developments we've done. And it's, frankly, it's put us all chasing these smaller targets in the Gulf.
David E. Roberts: Yes, John. It also gives me a chance to say that we actually do make about 5% of our volume from natural gas there. So much as I'd like to say it's 100% oil, I can't quite claim that. To this point, the vast majority of our activity is middle Bakken focused. We started feathering in summer activities in the Three Forks. And in fact, the biggest well Marathon has enjoyed to date, we saw last quarter there were 2,400 barrels a day from the Three Forks. And so we'll start to see more and more of that feature into, particularly, the third well, where we put most spacing units. But to this point, we're still a middle Bakken player and you'll see us increase our focus on the Three Forks on a go-forward basis, particularly in the core part of our acreage there.
David E. Roberts: Well, as -- our practice across all of our big plays is to really try to stay focused on where we can create the most value. We're not going to leave anything behind. And we continue to look for that. We'll pay attention to what a lot of the other operators are doing out there. But our organization and people who follow this company should understand we focus on making sure we create the most value first and then chasing these other opportunities.
David E. Roberts: No, not really. We basically are pretty close to done with our third well. We had one disappointment with the second well in terms of the zone not really being present in terms of what we were looking for. So we've got some more drilling to do. We'll actually start doing some of our injectivity testing in the second half of the year. And from that, we'll determine if we actually frac any of this. So it's still early days, but at this point, I would say it's middle of the road.
David E. Roberts: Well, I think we've continued to chase what other people are doing in terms of -- we started this, obviously, on 12.80s, we're now moving very smartly to 3 wells on our drilling spacing unit, and we'll probably go beyond that. So in that vein, we are continuing to down space. We think it makes a lot of sense. We're studying enhanced recovery in the Bakken and the other unconventionals, but do not have any physical test plan or anything like a waterflood or any other type of enhanced recovery project at this point.
David E. Roberts: Paul, we've not giving that information to this point. But April, as I've said, we're 20,000 plus in the Eagle Ford. But we're not talking about exit rates at this particular point.
David E. Roberts: Well, Paul, I think what I said a little bit earlier is when we have that capability, which we do today, to add 16 to 20 wells per month for the remaining part of the year, and in April, we've been able to add over 1,000 barrels a day per week, I think what I would say to you is there's a number of ways you can get to that particular math. But we now have the capacity to get to the numbers similar to what you suggested to get to our average rates for the year.
Clarence P. Cazalot: Yes. I think, Paul, first of all, we do confirm our original guidance, and the acquisitions would be incremental. And I'd say we see additional small acquisitions. But for the most part, I think we've completed the bulk of our acquisition activity in the Eagle Ford.
Clarence P. Cazalot: So has syn crude, Pavel, because as you know, the OSM earnings were affected by lower price realizations. And again, the same kind of dislocations we saw that affected the Bakken affected our syn crude realizations as well. So both have recovered very nicely. Those differentials have come in quite a bit. In fact, syn crude is actually a little bit of a premium this morning to WTI.
Clarence P. Cazalot: Yes. I think, Faisal, what I'd say is these additional acquisitions are very complementary adjacent to what we already own. And so to a certain extent, as Dave said, we built a very substantial and we think a very capable operating presence. These assets will be able to develop and produce synergistically with the assets we already have, so they make a great deal of sense. And so we've been very clear upfront that to the extent we can acquire these kinds of bolt-on acquisitions, whether it's additional working interest in our existing acreage or additional acreage that we can develop, we believe at a competitive advantage, that's of interest to us. And certainly that's what we're doing with these acquisitions.
Clarence P. Cazalot: Yes. We've talked about beyond the sales we've had over the last several years that we were targeting another $1.5 billion to $3 billion by the end of 2013. And thus far, this year, we've announced the sale of our Alaska assets. So that's the only update. We've not yet talked about the actual purchase price for those assets. We will at the appropriate time. But I would say that's the first this year. We had last year over $600 million of asset sales that would contribute towards that same target.
Clarence P. Cazalot: Yes. Again, we don't predict the schedule by which we'll have these sales. We certainly only do the sales if they make economic sense. But I wouldn't give you a projection of when to expect announcements around asset sales.
