Clarence Cazalot: Thank you, Howard. And just a brief comment. By the time we announce second quarter results, we expect to be separate companies. So this will likely be our last earnings conference call as an integrated company. And so I want to take the opportunity to thank Gary Heminger and the entire Downstream team for the outstanding contributions and results that they have achieved as part of the MRO team, and I know that they will ensure that MPC remains the gold standard for the U.S. Downstream business and obviously we wish them all the best. So with that, Howard, back to you for questions.
Clarence Cazalot: Yes, I think, Evan, we continue to increase our acreage holdings. In fact I think when you look at the earnings release, we give some specific numbers around what we're doing to Eagle Ford. Obviously, we're not sitting still in some of the other liquids-rich plays. We continue to step up our acreage acquisition to the extent practical, again in terms of making sure that what we're doing is value accretive. We're also of course looking at what we can do in some areas to accelerate drilling. And you may well see that become part of our program. It won't be obviously an instantaneous ramp up but certainly something that we would transition into over several months. Again given the opportunities that we're building in the liquids-rich resource plays. So that certainly is something that we're focused on.
Clarence Cazalot: Well, I think Paul, go back to what we've said before and in terms of cash priorities, our highest priority is to ensure that both companies at separation are well-capitalized. So that's certainly going to be our highest priority through separation. Past that, I think as we've said all along, certainly funding profitable growth is a very high priority for us. As I indicated in one of the earlier responses, we are looking at increasing our activity levels in North America in the liquids-rich plays. So certainly that's going to be a use of capital there. We've said all along, dividend is very, very important to us as a portion of Total Shareholder Return. And again share buybacks are something that we will certainly consider as we move forward. We recognize that certainly in the E&P space, metrics on a per-share basis make a great deal of sense. We recognize the value accretion from share buybacks, and we will consider that certainly as a viable option for cash usage.
Clarence Cazalot: No, I think, Blake, those were 2 that we certainly saw as in the earlier stages of development where there were still a lot of unknowns, a lot of risks that -- and we had, as you've noted, a very high working interest. We simply felt it was prudent to share that risk, and I think when you look at the terms of those 2 agreements, we think they were excellent transactions. And I think highlight the value of being early into a play, secure the acreage hopefully at times before the competition sets in and then you're really in the driver's seat as to how you go about developing it. But at this stage, I think those were the 2 highest priorities on our list. I think we feel very comfortable about most of the other areas we're in.
Howard Thill: Okay, Clarence, thank you. To accommodate -- before we open this up, I just want to remind people that to accommodate everyone who wants to ask a question, we'd ask you to limit yourself to 1 question plus a follow-up and then of course you can re-prompt for additional questions as time permits.  So John, with that, we'll open it up to Q&A.
Howard Thill: Well, we don't project by segment. What we gave you for the total company is really, Rakesh, all I can give you at this point.
Howard Thill: John, we appreciate it. We appreciate everyone's interest in Marathon. We look forward to visiting you in the near future. Thank you.
David Roberts: Okay, Doug, this is Dave. I think the first question in terms of the increased guidance, which we would say is in the range of 5,000 to 10,000 barrels a day, largely is the result of our focus on reliability over the last several years that we believe has finally yielded some significant results expressed in the first quarter. And that specifically, we saw 100% reliability out of our Equatorial Guinea complex and we saw 95% reliability out of our Alpine complex. Both of those, for the type of assets they are, are world-class results and what we're forecasting is -- well, we can't expect to achieve those rates even though that we will certainly strive for that. We are expecting to achieve industry-leading reliability in those assets, which should allow us to show production increases for the remainder of the year. In addition, we obviously are showing continued growth from resource plays, particularly in Oklahoma and Bakken and we do expect to bring Arizona on stream as expected during the remainder of this year. So that, I hope, takes care of the first question that you had. The second question, with respect to Oil Sands, what I will say is that we're very excited and Charles made the announcement today that the 10th of 11 units in the upgrader has been delivered and so basically we are fully on schedule with the upgrader being able to match the mine performance. Essentially what that allows us to say is that we now have the capacity to actually produce this asset on a gross basis at 255,000 barrels a day, Marathon has a 20% share of that obviously. And what we expect is that our operating costs will now start to continue to decline as we have this larger fixed production against the fixed cost base. And so while we talked about operating expense being in the circa $55 per barrel range in the first quarter, we'd expect that, that would continue to fall for the year to give us a year range in that particular asset of maybe $35 to $45 a barrel which continuing to try to push down to lower levels. We already are seeing some outstanding production performance for the mine and then obviously, with the ISD, the fact that syncrudes are essentially trading at a par to Brent, with those operating cost numbers, you could see what the economic power of this asset is going to be for us, we think, on a perspective basis.
David Roberts: This is Dave. We're in the midst of drilling a well in the Norwegian North Sea. That's called our Earb prospect. That's the only exploration well we're currently drilling. We do expect to get 1 to 2 wells drilled in our Polish acreage by the end of this year. Obviously, we're still engaged in some seismic activities or will be engaged in some seismic activities by the end of the year in Kurdistan. And I think our plans are, assuming our permits come forward from the United States government, that we'll be in a position in the fourth quarter to move back into the Gulf of Mexico on the Innsbruck prospect. And we continue to test wells that have been drilled as discoveries in the Kurdish region of Iraq.
David Roberts: Yes, Blake. It is different from the Denali so the 30,000 acres that we referenced as being additional is in the form of a number of additional transactions. So the total number is certainly north of 115,000 acres now for Marathon potentially. And what we would say is that it's representative of both the oil window and the condensate-rich gas window.
David Roberts: Yes, Faisel, this is Dave. As we know, we have between 1.5 billion to 2 billion barrels in place in Birchwood assets, the one you're talking about. And again, that's an asset that we have 100% Marathon. We got 94 test wells drilled. We're doing the reservoir and core analysis as we speak that our view is that by summertime, our expectations on what that project could be will be confirmed and we'll be moving towards taking decision to potentially move into pre-FID with an idea of moving to an FID at sometime in 2012, the view would be that we would stage this project down according to some of the permitting and you could potentially see a project on a scale of 10,000 to 20,000 barrels a day in our portfolio by 2016, that time frame.
David Roberts: Well, I think we're always looking for meaningful acquisitions, but I think it's also wrong to get caught up in the fact that you can't build portfolios by adding on to existing positions. And I think what we've done already in the Eagle Ford is a great example of that because certainly we're looking for opportunities to add the 10,000 plus acre positions. But we'll certainly add on 1,000 or 2,000 acres as we go forward. The broader question I think I'll start with the fact that we are oil-focused and so those assets that we're going to focus on are largely in liquids-rich plays as we've been pretty consistent on. I think you'll see us continue to move away from the Marcellus as an example because while, we think that's a great play and has great potential in terms of being a hydrocarbon resource base, it doesn't really fit our strategy. We would obviously like to increase our position in the Bakken since it's a key play for Marathon and we continue to think we have a leading operating position there. But financially, that doesn't make a lot of sense right now. It's a very overheated basin and so I think where you've seen us focus is the other 3 liquids-rich plays that we're focusing on in the Anadarko Woodford in Oklahoma, where we've now pushed our acreage position at 100,000 acres, which is quite substantially in that play. The 200,000 gross acres that we subsequently farm down in the Niobrara. We'll continue to look for opportunities there. And I think clearly the Eagle Ford is a play that we've got a significant focus on and we'll continue to have focus on as we still think there's opportunities out there. And I think that gives us the coverage that we need across a number of basins that give us exposure to liquids and appropriate risk profile.
David Roberts: I think what we've said is in the Anadarko, we're currently running 3 Marathon rigs. We're going to 8 by the end of the year. We see the potential to increase there. We're running 7 rigs in the Bakken, 6 drilling and 1 that's basically looking at re-frac. There may be potential increase there. The real key growth area for us and expansion is going to be the Eagle Ford. We've got 1 well down, frac-ed this week. That's a play that I think you could see us, what we've talked about going to 6 rigs in 2012. That's a play given our recent success in adding acreage, you could see that number go to double digits pretty easily.
David Roberts: Okay, Mark. Good to hear from you as always. I think we were able to do a successful intervention there with monoline and added that well to the production mix. And I think what we would say is it served to bolster our confidence and the guidance that we've given for the ability of that asset to produce between 15,000 and 17,000 barrels net for the year. Droshky is currently running at about 19,000 barrels a day and so we feel pretty good about where we've got that particular asset. It wasn't an impact on the reserves per se and so what we would guide to DD&A is $80 a barrel for 2011.
David Roberts: Well, that's a great question. I think we're starting to see the beginnings of that. But the simple answer is, we need to sign hydrocarbon law. Because the impacts of hydrocarbon law are going to cover the cost recovery and the profitable splits that we're going to need to move forward. Now the rhetoric coming out of Baghdad today and over the last several weeks that they seem to reach an understanding on how cost tool and costs are going to be recovered is very important and that would certainly move us down the path of preparing for production capacity in the country. But I think until we get hydrocarbon law that ratifies the PSCs that we signed with the Kurdish regional government, you will not see us go to a full production scenario there.
David Roberts: I think our view is and again as you'll recall, Clarence has characterized that we believe that we have an appropriate amount of risk dollars given where the country is in terms of its overall security and the continuing positive vibrations that we're getting in terms of how the laws are going to be settled. So we are going to engage in seismic activities on our Block if we can progress things quickly enough, we will move to drill if not late this year then early next year, assuming that the signals and signs continue to move positively for us.
David Roberts: I'm not sure that the government structure there is going to be the controlling factor. I mean, it always is but again, we're getting very positive signals on how the government is going to help us frame the loss such that we can move forward. The real issue that we're going to deal with there is getting equipment and infrastructure there to move that play along at a pace to where they can actually see that if the resources turn out to be there, that they're going to continue to have legislation and legal infrastructure that's going to support those activities. Very early days, there's been 5 to 7 wells drilled and the information is very spotty, we will obviously have a bite at the apple ourselves towards the latter part of the year. But again, the noise coming out of the government is very positive. Obviously, they're interested in doing this. We've got a lot of work to do, community-relations wise, to make sure that we continue to handle things in a way that the community appreciates as we move that forward. But again, it's going to be more of an issue of getting iron on the ground to do the work in my view.
David Roberts: The timing is consistent. We've consistently said mid to late Q3, we have a rig contracted at Diamond Ultramar and the work that's being done on the host platform if the other platform shale is progressing as expected. And so we see no impediments to getting this done this summer.
David Roberts: Paul, we literally pumped the frac the day before yesterday. And so we're basically -- the frac went well. The drilling met our expectations. The frac was pumped well, and we're basically now moving to where we can flow the well back.
David Roberts: We're currently producing right at 14,000 net in the Bakken, and I would put a caveat on that number as many of you, if you follow the weather, you know that the weather in North Dakota has been very bad. And so they literally had a blizzard this past weekend and so that our folks were able to still produce at those rates is a great testament to the folks at Marathon up there and the work that they're doing for us. So we're still on track to continue to drive our production towards our stated goals into the future. Paul, the second part of your question is, and I know there's been sort of reports out, Marathon pumps multistage fracs. I think there is this misperception out there that we somehow don't do what some of the operators are doing. But it's really dependent on what area you're in and so when I think about the activities that we're engaged in and what we would call our Ramadan [ph] area, which is an area that we think typically has 500,000 barrels plus or minus that's recoverable per well, we are pumping 20 stage, 3 million pounds of frac jobs on those wells. We typically pump smaller jobs in some of the areas that we think have less recoverable oil because obviously the key there is to try to make the completions as financially attractive as possible. In our good wells, we're pumping up to 20 and 3 million pounds. And as we see results that indicate that we should pump more, then we will certainly be open to that.
David Roberts: Yes, 2 separate issues. Obviously, the LNG plant has been profitable for us for the entirety of its life and certainly, some of the profitability that we saw in the Integrated Gas segment could be attributed to LNG sales into a very robust Asian market. We expect to deliver 2 to 3 more cargoes before the facility is actually shut or shuttered in August. That's the timeframe that we're looking at. For Marathon, because of the way that we're positioned and particularly because we have a proprietary storage, and we also have firm contracts with a number of the utilities, we are not going to see any impacts relative to our productive capacity. As you know, it's a seasonal market and so right now, we're down a little bit from what we would normally see. But on a productive capacity basis, we're going to be in great shape and our contracts are fairly robust. They certainly don't represent what the Asian LNG markets do. But on the grand scheme of things, the percentage relative to LNG profitability is going to be de minimis for us.
Gary Heminger: Yes, Evan, and you hit on all of the above. We're working on all of those opportunities, pipeline, rail, barge. In fact, we've been able to optimize our system, as Howard indicated in his presentation, to avail ourselves of a bigger percentage of WTI benchmark-type crudes here in the first quarter versus prior quarters using all of those systems. But right to the point though of incremental investment, yes, there's been a lot of announcements in the midstream space about different pipelines being built from point a to point b. I think that remains to be seen how many actually get complete. But we are in a very good position to be able to take advantage of those crudes through our current system, through some rail, through the barging and some incremental barging that we've been doing. But we do not have any major expansion plan at this time, Evan.
Gary Heminger: Okay, Paul, a timely question. As we illustrated in the documents or in the slide presentation, we are about flat on first quarter same-store volume. However, I've said many times in presentations over the first quarter here that we expected if you get to around $3.75 or higher range, that's when you would start to see a reduction in volume and that has been the case. In fact, it started at the last week of March. We started to see a degradation in volume and we're down month-to-date here in April right around 5%. Now let me add, I don't believe all of that is demand from price across the biggest part of our market. We've had about 25 straight days of rain, which has completely shut down the farm and planting season and a lot of the outside contractor work as well. So 5%, if you take into account weather and we're up against the quarter last year that -- I mean, up against an April last year, that was a very, very good weather season. So somewhere probably I would say maybe half and half, Paul, of demand versus weather, somewhere in that range. As far as...
Gary Heminger: Yes, I'm sorry. As far as diesel, we're seeing about 3% to 4% increase in diesel across our system. And that's U.S. diesel. So that's mainly be over the road. And again, diesel has also I think been tempered by the weather and the very, very late agricultural season kicking in this year. Then on exports, we've been averaging about 65,000 barrels per day of exports, which is a little higher than what we had expected when we built Garyville and that's all diesel exports. So that's a little bit higher than we expected when we built the new system. And our diesel demand has been strong for the export market.
Gary Heminger: Well I'd say that's a timely question, Paul. You'll recall in 2010, we had a very strong turnaround season, mainly in the first quarter, some of it slipped into the second quarter with the new Garyville plant, as well as big turnarounds of Robinson and Catlettsburg and Texas City last year. We just completed the Canton turnaround a week or so ago. That's behind us and we had the normal turnaround that we have every January at Garyville to do some crude exchange work. And I would say that we're in a very, very strong position operationally as we kick off the new season.
Gary Heminger: Okay. Yes, in the fourth quarter, you're right. It was about 20% WTI benchmark and around overall, 25% between heavy and a couple of other crudes that I would say are linked more to the WTI price. In the first quarter, we were closer to 33% of what I call WTI-linked crudes. That would be WTI, WTS, as well as some of the Canadian heavy.
Gary Heminger: Yes, if it was Canadian source. Yes and then to second point: are other things that we can do, yes, and we're in the process of some other optimization around some of our assets. Let me caution you though due to the very high water that we're experiencing in the Midwest, on the Mississippi and Ohio River. There's been some slowdowns. In fact, some docks have been -- and some locks have been shut down because of the high water. So we've had a week or so here of weather problems, but we expect to get back up and running next week. We do have some other things that we're working on, Paul, I won't get into the details, to help us further optimize our system.
Gary Heminger: Faisel, in fact, we're 55% complete. We're right on target. Even though the weather has hampered us, we're just a little bit ahead of schedule. But of course this is a very busy construction here for us. But everything is still on time and on budget.
Gary Heminger: Gary will talk to you about some of the numbers. Let me state though, Mark. Generally, as you start to switch over into the low vapor pressure season, February or so, you start to max gasoline but the crack spreads have certainly forced everyone from an economic standpoint and because of the global demand for diesel, that we've run a lot more diesel all the way through the first quarter as compared to normal history. The second thing, when you look at the types of crude that we were running and moving a lot of the heavy Canadian into different positions tend to lead you towards more diesel as well than gasoline. Now I think some of the numbers -- and Garry might be able to speak to this here, Peiffer, but some of the numbers and feedstocks, you probably need to add some of those feedstock numbers along with our finished product. And I'll let Garry comment on that.
Gary Heminger: And the other thing, Mark, if you're comparing to both the fourth quarter, we've had 2 months and the first quarter of last year, would've had St. Paul Park in both of those. So we will be down a little bit because of St. Paul Park not being in our numbers going forward.
Paul Sankey: If I could as Gary a question on refining. Gary, what are your latest observations on the demand side of the picture in light of gasoline prices and diesel prices? And I'm thinking not only of U.S. and your core markets but also what you're doing on the export side and how strong that looks.
Paul Sankey: I beg your pardon. I was sort of thinking you might go into exports. But go ahead, I beg your pardon.
Paul Sankey: That's great. My brief follow-up, you mentioned the Garyville's full quarter for the first quarter. What's the outlook for utilization rates into your new start as a company in the second half. And I'll leave it there.
