Lee Tillman: Thanks Mike. Before we move to our question-and-answer session, I want to wrap up with a compelling investment case for Marathon Oil. Recent shocks to the global energy market are outside of our control. And we'll test our sector's ability to maintain discipline, while also being part of a long-term solution for the US and our allies. There can't be energy security without a viable US independent E&P sector. And for that to happen as publicly traded entities, we must offer an investable thesis that competes with the broader market. We fully recognize that investors have options, so why MRO? First, we have instituted a transparent capital framework that uniquely prioritizes our shareholders as the first column cash flow generation, our framework is complemented by a track record of delivery 60% of CFO to equity holders over the last two quarters, and it's my expectation that we will lead our peer space and returning capital to shareholders in 2022. Second, when it comes to growth, our focus is not on growing production. It's growing the per share metrics that matter most. And we have already driven underlying per share growth of 11% in the last seven months with more to come. Third, due to our balance production mix, low corporate free cash flow breakeven, attractive hedge book and advantage US federal cash income tax position, our company retains a differentiated upside leverage to commodity outperformance. We will continue to protect the upside for our investors. That is reflected in the $1.5 billion uplift free cash flow guidance for 2022 including a $200 million increase to EG equity income. And finally, we believe the peer leading financial and operating results we're delivering today are sustainable, underpinned by over a decade of high quality, high return inventory by our five and 10 year benchmark maintenance scenarios, and by our commitment to comprehensive, longer term ESG excellence. The continued responsible development of oil and gas is crucial to protecting the standard of living we have all come to enjoy, and quite frankly take for granted. And just as important. It's central to elevating the current standard of living for billions of people around the world, many of whom are in developing countries living in energy poverty. Access to responsible, reliable, affordable energy is the great social equalizer and the foundation upon which the world's modern economy is built. We're quite proud to play our role as a responsible global supplier, while also supporting US energy security, which protects the US consumer and serves as a powerful tool of foreign policy, providing options for both the US and our allies. With that we can open up the line for Q&A.
Lee Tillman: Yes, sure, Arun. Yes, well, first of all, I just like to say at an enterprise level, Arun, we do have a very balanced exposure to the commodity space, meaning that we're about 50% oil, 50% natural gas and NGL, a big component, obviously, of that 50% natural gas and NGL is our very unique asset in EG. And as you described it, now clearly that asset is well positioned to take advantage of not just the elevation in Henry Hub pricing, which is the index contract that we have today on the Alba production, but the Alen opportunity, we were also able to take advantage of both tariffs through the plan, as well as profit sharing which is linked to TTF. So today we are experiencing uplift by participating in the broader, I'd say global LNG market. Kind of stepping back and looking to the future a bit. And we've been very clear on this. With regard to EG, this is a very unique asset. It's a set of world class infrastructure gas plant, LNG, plant, methanol plant storage, offloading, sitting in one of the most gas prone areas of West Africa, we are certainly a natural aggregator of gas. And our vision is that similar to our success with the Alen project that will continue to find enhanced opportunities to base load the train that we have there at Punta Europa and continue to have that exposure to the TTF market and obviously the European gas market.
Lee Tillman: Also, Arun, I think you mentioned as well, kind of balancing against resource opportunities as well. I would probably address that by first of all, just restating that we do have more than a decade of capital efficient high return inventory, at kind of a maintenance pace. And that's really based on a pretty conservative price assumption. And obviously, that inventory would move north of that inventory life I mean north of that under the current pricing environment. And that's even before taking credit for things like our success in the Texas Delaware oil play. We have largely replaced all of the top tier inventory that we've consumed over the last few years through organic enhancement initiatives. And if you recall, we dedicate nominally 10% of our capital program each and every year. So embedded in that $1.3 billion is investment to continue that organic enhancement initiative as well as to continue to progress things like the four well pad that we're doing in the exploration play in the Texas Delaware oil, which is the Woodford, Merrimack play. So we don't view this in an either or proposition. We're looking at continuing to reinvest in organic opportunities but also being very aggressive with our return on capital back to shareholders.
Lee Tillman: Yes, thanks for the question, Doug. And I think, first of all, I appreciate the recognition of the contribution that we get from the EG asset. And obviously, with, I think the dynamics that we're seeing in the global gas market, I think the value of EG has really vaulted even ahead of maybe where we would even have placed it. I think, maybe I'll start by just addressing kind of just kind of the M&A kind of element of your question. First and foremost, I think, for us, we are going to view all opportunities through the lens of our high competence, organic case that delivers significant free cash flow and really a market leading return of capital. And of course, as we just talked about, it's underpinned by this over a decade of high return inventory. So when we assess opportunities, the bar is very, very high, it's going to have to be accretive to that organic case, it's going to have to compete with a suite of opportunities that are very high quality and very high return. So the bottom line is the same discipline that we've been talking about in organic program, certainly that's going to apply in the inorganic space as well. On EG specifically, I think we have always noted EG as a core element of our portfolio, we've always noticed that there is opportunity in EG to drive more gas to this very unique world class infrastructure. I can't comment obviously, specifically on opportunities that may be or may not be in the market. But clearly to the extent that we control our own molecules that are flowing through Punta Europa that will generate incremental value for the company. So similar to I would say, the Alen project, which again are third party molecules in this case are not equity molecules like Alba. But the Alen molecules are very accretive. And even though we're from an Alba perspective may be on a long life, low decline there with accretive addition, like Alen, we're able to continue to generate very strong financial outcomes, even though our equity production may be on a bit of a decline.
Lee Tillman: Well, I think I would just look at it like this, just like we talked about bolt-on in the US and existing basins where we have execution competence and experience and international bolt-on in an area where we already own and operate assets. Clearly, we have high confidence in our ability to drive value.
Lee Tillman: Yes, no, thanks, Doug. Yes, I go back to a few of my earlier comments, which is one of the positives we have in our portfolio today is that we do have broad exposure across the commodity complex. That 50%, again, of our exposure is in gas and NGL, so obviously some of that domestic, some of that through the EG asset. We are allocating about 25% of our capital this year to the Permian and Oklahoma, but that's up significantly relative to last year. This is, I think this is a time though where the commodity complex is really lifting all boats. So oil and gas are both which has the net effect of uplifting the economics of the whole portfolio, not just the combination play that might be more reliant on natural gas but clearly those opportunities look very, very strong. And back to my earlier comments that when we talk about our inventory and inventory life, that's typically predicated on a very conservative view of forward pricing. Think about it more in terms of $50 WTI, $3 Henry Hub. And so to the extent that we were to apply a different price tag to that, obviously, the top tier component of that inventory would increase. And we would likely bring more inventory into the economic window. Even on projects like for instance, the work that we're doing today in the Woodford, Merrimack and the Texas Delaware oil play, and I want to emphasize that is an oil play. Now, obviously, it is high pressure, and we get associated gas that comes with it. But that's a great example of another opportunity that was already moving to compete for capital, but now in the current commodity pricing will be even that much stronger, and may allow us to even drive more inventory from that opportunity.
Lee Tillman: Yes, Jeanine, maybe if I could. This is Lee. I think you should expect that there's going to be some natural variation quarter-to-quarter and the delivery against that percent CFO, as Dane mentioned, yes, we're going to be forward looking at where the commodity prices are headed. We're going to think about the unique features of that quarter, for instance, as Dane mentioned, fourth quarter, we definitely had some tailwind that helps us. When you think about that was the peak oil production for the year, we had a significant EG dividend in fourth quarter, we had some natural decline in CapEx from an activity standpoint as well. So there were a lot of unique features that allowed us to stretch to that 70% target. Similarly, as Dane mentioned in the first quarter, we had some headwinds there, we had a bit of a working capital, negative that we had to account for. So all of those will be stood in to that forward looking, remember this can be programs are typically looking ahead 30 to 45 days, but they don't restrict us from doing once we set that base program, we can still enhance that program using 10 B 80 instruments along the way. And perhaps we do take advantage of some of those tailwinds that might present in any given quarter. But we kind of look through the quarters and our view is that we want to be certainly now in the current price environment at or above that 50% CFO going forward through the year, and we're clearly going to look for opportunities to beat that when we see those kind of unique features in a given quarter.
Lee Tillman: I think Jeanine to your question around, well, how are we thinking about it differently? Obviously, we haven't been in an inflationary environment for quite some time. And so kudos to our supply chain team, they have leverage stepping into a little bit of 2023 to help us really secure some of that execution competence and certainty that we need to deliver the 2022 plan. So I think the difference is, we're having to step into 2023, a little bit earlier, kind of with that maintenance activity mindset, and start building upon that and getting ready for what will continue to be a very dynamic market that I think is challenging for anyone to predict right now. So the best thing we can do is get started a bit earlier.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I think for, Neal, this is Lee. I think for EG, Neal, the goal there is clearly to take advantage of what's in the market today. I mean, we have the Alba molecules essentially linked to Henry Hub, but only through the end of 2023. And then we can renegotiate that deal based on market conditions at the time, the Alen third party molecules are a little bit different, we get the tariff uplift, plus is kind of a percentage of proceeds linked to TTF on the back end of that, the goal right now really is just to continue to maintain and load the train, the baseload of the train that we do have, and EG LNG and Alen we view as a great bridging project to really load in the interim, while we continue to pursue other backfill opportunities, but that infrastructure that we've already invested in, it's there. And so the best use of that infrastructure is to fully loaded and so we're already clearly thinking about what comes after Alen, what's next to allow us to drive more gas to the base load LNG train that we have in EG. So that's really the focus, Neal
Lee Tillman: Yes, no, great question. I think that my starting point would be that first and foremost, obviously, we strongly condemn the Russian aggression that we're witnessing against Ukrainian people and just to be very clear we have no operational exposure or dealings with Russia whatsoever. But to your point, I mean, when we think about our strategy, we think about it more from a long term perspective, the crisis that we're in today is something that clearly is serious. But it is a near term point in time crisis. And if you recall, also, in my comments, I made the statement that there were already supply and demand fundamentals that were tightening the market in the base case, even before we saw some of these geopolitical events unfold. Our strategy is going to remain premise on discipline. And the reason I think that's important is that without that discipline without having an investable thesis, then we're not going to have a domestic E&P business to lean on, whether it's in normal times, or at a high point in the cycle like we're experiencing today. So I think we do have the right strategy, we do have within our framework, and ability to grow up to 5%, if that makes sense from a financial delivery standpoint. But clearly, any action that we would take today would have little or no impact on the market that we're experiencing. I mean, for one thing, I mean, obviously, our volumes are 0.002% of the global volume. So even from a materiality standpoint, they could not move the needle, but also just the practical side of the cycle time, even though we're a short cycle business. If we started investing today, we're still six months to longer out in time. And that investment would be made in a hyperinflationary environment where we can't really count on labor, we can't really count on supply chains to be able to support that. And then I think, finally, I think that we have to recognize that this still is a capital intensive business, I mean, we reinvest more of our cash flow than the S&P 500 average, just to keep our business flat. And I think sometimes that's lost on. So even though there is not growth capital per se, there's an incredible amount of capital that has to be put to work, just to keep the production where it is. I think stepping back beyond just Marathon, I think the positive is that coming out of the pandemic, that there is going to be some natural growth in the US liquid space. And I think that is going to support markets, and ultimately will help with the price side of the equation. But our expectation is that capital discipline still rules. That is the model to be, we're going to be focused on that financial delivery. And by keeping a healthy company and a healthy sector, we are going to deliver that energy security that we've seen really come under threat because of some difficult policy decisions perhaps made both here in the US as well as elsewhere.
Lee Tillman: All right, thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil. And I'd like to close by again thanking all of our dedicated employees and contractors for their commitment to safely and responsibly deliver the energy the world needs now more than ever. Thank you very much.
Dane Whitehead: Hey, Arun. Good morning. Yes, we obviously like you do monitor what our peer companies are saying about cash return programs. And I feel for you just trying to understand because with all the kaleidoscope of different language, different approaches out there, we've tried to be really clear about ours. And maybe I can just for everyone's benefit, maybe just go through some of that, again, just to make sure it's clear and then get directly to your question around pro-cyclicality. So obviously, we're positioned to generate a significant and sustainable amount of free cash flow, our balance sheet is in great shape. We'll continue to pay down debt as those maturities come along. And our current intent then is returned significant capital to shareholders really want that to be competitive, we have chosen the vehicles of a sustainable and increasing over the last five quarters base dividend, along with significant share repurchases, which we execute ratably and I mean daily ratably and have been doing that over the last seven months now, in a minimum target in a commodity price environment over $60 a barrel is 40%. We've been obviously beating that in the fight price environment that's quite a bit above $60 a barrel, we have built a lot of flexibility as to how we approach this return to shareholders. And so we've really consistently beat that minimum. And we expect to continue to do that. In Q4, 2021, we returned 70% of cash flow to shareholders, we followed up this quarter with 50%. The pace was tempered a little bit in Q1 because we had a working capital beat up if you will, of about $200 million. And that was caused I'm sure everyone experienced it was caused by the significant increase in oil price between February and March and uptick in accounts receivable that turned into cash and April was actually looked like a deduct from cash flow in the first quarter. So last week, we announced our 5th increase in the base dividend. Over the last seven months, we purchased 1.6 billion in stock and taken out 11% of our shares. So to your pro-cyclicality point, we think this is kind of undeniable. The fact that we traded a free cash flow yield of 25% which is should not exist, it's like a vacuum it should not exist in nature that kind of a free cash flow yield. But it does, which means our stock is mispriced in this commodity price environment. And so we feel like it's a very efficient way to return capital to shareholders and drive per share growth, over the really the most important metrics that matter to share price. We'll note that over the past couple of quarters, we've been building a little bit of cash about $100 million a quarter that on one hand provides us flexibility to do things like deal with working capital swings, we funded a small bolt-on in the fourth quarter of last year, in May, we're going to pay down our only debt maturity of the year, it's a little $40 million debt maturity, but we can pay it off with cash easily that's got almost a 10% coupon on it. So good riddance, really happy to get that one out of the portfolio. So what we're, our intent is not to continue to build sizable amounts of cash, our intent is to return cash to shareholders. And through that share repurchase vehicle will be the primary vehicle as long as our share price remains dislocated, as it appears to be in the past. In terms of what you can expect. I'll just make the other point too that we've, I think we're very free cash flow efficient, not just because of our cost structure, but our hedge positions are extremely low drag. So certainly compared to some of our peers, and we don't have any US income taxes for years to come. So we're really in good position to execute this strategy, put a range around the cash return potential for the full year of 2022. We're kind of now assuming $106 price environment. If we return at the 50% level, that can be at least $3 billion of cash returns for the full year. On the more aspirational end, if we go back and we could do this, but we're going to kind of monitor conditions as we go through the year. We repeat what we did in Q4 of 2021, returning 70% of CFO to shareholders that would represent $4.2 billion of returns, or north of 20% of our market cap. So very substantial impact on shareholders and we think stock price as a result of that kind of strategy.
Dane Whitehead: Yes, Jeanine, let me take a crack at that. And Lee may want to chime in as well. We are certainly I think part of your question is, are we responsive to macro conditions and business conditions and how we kind of throttle our share repurchase program? And the answer to that is yes, we are, we saw a significant uptick in cash flow in Q4 and felt comfortable taking it all the way up to that 70% level in the first quarter of this year as we guided we kept it at 50%, we did experience that impact of the working capital deduct, if you will. So we kept that in mind. If you look at the pace of repurchases year-to-date is $900 million. And in Q1 proper, it was $592 million that will imply that we've increased the daily pace of purchases in the second quarter in response to operating cash flow improvements and commodity price and other things that are driving that. So we'll be responsive to macro conditions and also other considerations along the way. And that's why we're not being, we try to be pretty formulaic and pretty specific to get you to that 50% guidance. And let you know clearly there's upside to that. But I can't paint a more of a bright line to the 70% and all the considerations. We are very committed to consistent strong returns to shareholders through share repurchases and all. Clear that now, clear and I think we have demonstrated that as we started the Q4.
Dane Whitehead: Neal, this is Dane, I'll take that one. Yes, you probably saw on our release that we did just recently take some 5 by 19 two way gas collars. And just the market was there for us and good opportunity that set before us and we did that. But to your broader question, given our strong financials, I think we've covered this a little bit last time, we've intentionally kept that leverage for our shareholders to the upside. So we've admittedly hedge, particularly compared to our peers, and kept that also for our shareholders to participate in that. And then a bit of oil hedging, we have done we've intentionally linked that to our returning gas framework. So most of our three way collars are set to board around $60, which ties to our minimum of 40% cash flow from operations back to the shareholders. And I think we've talked about, it's just one component of how we look at our commodity risk management, and we have the strong balance sheet, our low breakeven. So we don't see a need at this point to go walk on a bunch of hedges, I think we can be patient and opportunistic. It's like we were recently when [Technical Difficulty]
