Lee Tillman: Thanks, Mike. I would like to briefly put the 2021 capital program Mike just discussed in the context by comparing our capital efficiency, our cost structure and our free cash flow generation to peer disclosures from the fourth quarter earnings season. As highlighted by Slide 10 in our earnings deck, our 2021 capital program is among the most capital efficient and free cash flow generative of any company in our peer space. The top two graphics summarize peer re-investment rate normalized to a $50 and $60 WTI price environment. As you can see our reinvestment rate, which is a reasonable proxy for both operating and capital efficiency and a maintenance or flat production scenario is among the lowest in our peer group. For every dollar of capital we are spending, we are delivering more cash flow than virtually any of our peers. Similarly, our 2021 CapEx per barrel of production on either an oil or oil equivalent basis is among the lowest in our space. In the current more disciplined environment, operating and capital efficiency are paramount and in fact, represent our competitive differentiators. Most importantly, as shown by the bottom right graphic, our free cash flow generation relative to our current valuation remains compelling and outsized against our peers and the broader market with a free cash flow yield approaching 20%. We continue to believe that we must deliver outsized free cash flow generation relative to the S&P 500 to effectively compete for investor capital. This is why we remain so focused on sustainably reducing our corporate free cash flow breakevens, now an integral part of our compensation scorecard, and continuing to optimize our cost structure. For the free cash flow breakeven comfortably below $35 per barrel we can generate free cash flow yield competitive with the S&P 500, assuming an annual oil price down to approximately $40 per barrel WTI. We never rest when it comes to our cost structure and a commodity business, the low cost producer wins and Slide 11 provides additional details around our ongoing efforts and reinforces our multi-year track record of cash cost reductions. We have opted to use an all in cost basis that normalizes peer reported data and avoid the challenges of how each operator categorizes their respective costs. As you can see from the data, our all in 2020 unit cash costs are well below the peer average. On a more apples-to-apples comparison basis our all in unit costs are top quartile among our direct multi-basin peers. Specific cost reduction actions already taken this year are broad-based including a 25% reduction to CEO and board compensation, a 10% to 20% reduction to other corporate officer compensation, a workforce reduction to more appropriately align our head count with a lower level of future activity, a full exit from corporate owned and leased aircraft and various other cost reduction initiatives. Finally, I would like to, again underscore the sustainability of all that we are doing. The sustainability of our sector leading capital efficiency and free cash flow generation is underscored by the financial strength of our previously disclosed five-year benchmark maintenance capital scenario. And our maintenance scenario is underpinned by well over a decade of high quality inventory that competes very favorably in the peer group as validated by credible third-party independent analysis shown on Slide 13. The quality and depth of our inventory in combination with our reinvestment rate capital allocation approach provides us with visibility to continued strong financial performance. Further we have a demonstrated track record of ongoing organic enhancement and inventory replenishment. Even in our maintenance scenario, we continue to direct capital toward resource play exploration and targeted organic enhancement initiatives including our redevelopment program in the Eagle Ford. In conclusion, I truly believe our combined actions have positioned Marathon Oil for success, not only relative to our E&P peer group, but relative to the broader S&P 500 as well. And our long-term incentives now reflect that conviction explicitly. Our company was among the first to recognize the need to move to a business model that prioritizes returns, sustainable free cash flow, balance sheet improvement and return of capital. We also led the way in better aligning executive compensation to this new model and with investor expectations. We are positioned to deliver both financial outcomes and ESG excellence that are competitive, not just with our direct E&P peers, but also the broader market. With that we can now open up the line for Q&A.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Good morning, Jeanine, this is Lee. First of all, we are in the camp of prioritizing capital efficiency and free cash flow, not the production output of any given quarter. So there's going to be some natural variability as we move through the year, but our number one objectives really revolve around delivering financial outcomes, not production outcomes. So perhaps we're a third camp, then based on your description. So that's where our focus is going to be as we're going to be really focused on meeting that objective that, that Dane put out there, which is a minimum of that 30% return of cash back to our investors. We're already trending well above that – above 40%, even with just the new debt targets in the base dividend increases. And I think we still will have again, if prices remain constructive, we still have additional headroom moving through the year. But that's really our perspective is to maintain that capital and operating efficiency and deliver on that more from a financial lens as opposed to a production lens.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I'll maybe offer a few comments then I can certainly let Dane jump in. First, I would just say, Arun, everything is on the table. Our near-term priorities I think as Dane very clearly laid out, are achieving our gross and net debt reduction targets. The net debt reduction targets really calibrated to more of a mid-cycle pricing environment. Essentially we're already there in the current environment but we're not going to lean on just the EBITDA performance. We want to structurally improve our balance sheet, hence both the combination of both net debt and gross debt targets. Beyond that as Dane they mentioned in his opening remarks is, we still believe that we have room to grow within our base dividend structure. We've made one change. We bumped the dividend by a bit over 30% this quarter or at the subsequent to this quarter. And we still believe using that kind of 10% of cash from operations as a metric in a mid-cycle environment that there is still room to maneuver there. So we believe in the near-term we have our priorities set correctly, as we transition from that I think the other opportunities that you've highlighted become more in play. And again, we're not pre-supposing an answer today. We're going to look to get the capital back to our investors in the most efficient manner possible. We're continuing to look at how variable dividends are received in the marketplace. We also of course have the lever of still having an outstanding authorization on share repurchases as well. So that's a future decision, but clearly it's one that is getting discussed today with the Board and internally, and we're also watching market response as well. But we think the starting point of structural gross debt reduction coupled with a competitive and sustainable base dividend is really the starting point to even have that discussion.
Lee Tillman: No. Happy to do so, Doug. I guess, first of all, Doug, all opportunities in M&A we're going to view through the lens of our very strong organic case. And we've already talked about that industry leading capital efficiency, strong free cash flow yields, in fact yields approaching 20% on current equity valuations, and all that supported by well over a decade of a very high quality inventory with extremely low breakeven. So I say all that, and couple that with the five-year benchmark scenario, because that really does in many ways set the bar that we have to clear for any M&A large or small. And we have been very disciplined. We have a very clear criteria around any inorganic opportunities. We're not going to move away from that criteria. We operate in four of the key basins in the U.S. and not surprisingly we're engaged in the evaluation and assessment that really anything that comes available, but what we're not going to do is we're not going to indulge in expensive M&A, that is something that is just not required in our model. Our model is very strong organically and great rock is necessary, but not sufficient for M&A. You must also capture value. You must also generate returns. And so the same discipline that we exert in our organic business is the discipline that you're going to see on the inorganic side as well. We're engaged in the market. We see everything across those four core basins, but you should expect us to continue to say no to any expensive M&A that does not meet our criteria.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think Doug we're always looking at our own internal portfolio and ensuring that we have the right mix. I think we've got – we've demonstrated a history of challenging and concentrating and simplifying our portfolio over time. EG is a very unique, but very complimentary asset. We actually provided a five-year view of EG, which showed that even on a $50, $3 gas kind of view of the world across those five years, that generates about $1 billion of free cash flow, a couple of hundred million dollars a year. We continue to see opportunities there in the form of gas, like the Alen project that just came online earlier this year. We think there are other opportunities like that. Particularly as we look further afield to cross border opportunities. In fact, EG in Nigeria just signed an HOA for Cross Border Cooperation. We have this extremely unique integrated gas infrastructure, as you mentioned with an LNG plant, methanol plant, gas plant storage and offloading, and we're sitting in one of the most gas prone areas of West Africa. So we believe the value proposition for EG remains exceptionally strong. And certainly when we look at it in the balance of our five-year benchmark case, it remains a very strong contract.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Absolutely. Well, first of all, I think when we talk about the investment case for E&P or for Marathon specifically, you have financial performance and you have non-financial performance. You obviously must have the financial performance. You have to be able to in a commodity business with high volatility to generate free cash flow yields and – that are going to be outsized relative to the S&P 500 and I believe certainly Marathon is delivering on that commitment. On the non-financial performance side, which really to me is wrapped around your license to operate, I think you have to address all dimensions of performance there from safety to emissions to good governance. And I believe there we have placed ourselves in a very leadership position whether you want to talk about executive comp, board composition and refreshment and diversity, all of those things we have driven, specifically to the E and ESG, which generally means emissions. We have set very aggressive, but in our view practical targets to achieve reductions in our emissions intensity footprint. We've set a single year target that is integrated in with our compensation structure, which is a 30% improvement relative to the 2019 baseline. And then we've also said more of a mid-term goal and a goal that's not so aspirational and out in time that the current management doesn't feel the accountability for it. And for that one, it's a 50% reduction. And when you look at achieving that ultimate goal that places us, I believe, in a very competitive position relative to other sources of oil and gas, both here in the U.S. and internationally. So I believe those green credentials are in fact improving in time. There is still much to do. I believe it, there is still a lot of opportunity. We believe that we're still in the phase of elimination and reduction first as opposed to offsets, I mean, offsets and things like CCS. We'll certainly play a role in the future, but the industry has a great opportunity just around flaring and gas pneumatics and moving to line power, all of these things that will help us move our emissions intensity footprint in the right direction. So I believe that the answer is that we have to deliver the financial performance. We also have to protect our license to operate through our non-financial performance. And the way you do that is by setting aggressive but pragmatic goals that are really within the purview of the current leadership team.
Lee Tillman: Yes, just maybe as a bit of a reminder, and I think Mike probably referenced this in his opening remarks is that as we move to 2022 and beyond and the five-year kind of benchmark case, 20% to 30% of our capital allocation will be going to the Permian and Oklahoma. In fact, even in this year, as you know, we'll be completing some DUCs in Oklahoma that we'll be taking advantage of the secondary product pricing gas and NGLs that you just discussed. So we still have extremely high quality inventory. And in a combination play like Oklahoma, we certainly have the optionality to take advantage of what the gas market and NGL market delivers, but we fully expect to be blending in more and consistent capital allocation to both Oklahoma and Permian as we step into to 2022.
Lee Tillman: Yes, just – maybe on REx, maybe I'll just maybe let Pat talk a little bit about where we are on REx, both near-term and as we look a little bit out toward the future.
Lee Tillman: I guess, Neil, one thing I would maybe add to Mike's comments, you mentioned well how do you offset even a little bit of movement say on things like OCTG. And I want to remind everyone, there are some very durable savings that the teams continue to work each and every day. It starts kind of with the way we optimize our well designs, the execution efficiency that we generate in the field whether you stages per day, rate of penetration, all those things, their supply chain optimization and vertical integration, how we actually secure our services. And then finally, there is that commercial leverage side, which obviously is still one that we try to pull just given our size and scale, but the three of those four are very durable. They're not cyclical. And those are the levers that we pull on to ensure that we can continue to keep our well cost trend – our well cost trends heading downward.
Lee Tillman: And I would maybe just also add Neil that the Army Corps of Engineers has been very consistent and their position of supporting continued operations through the EIS process, which is now, I think, scheduled to complete in March of 2022. So although we can't predict, how the courts will act, certainly from a Corps of Engineers perspective, they have been supportive, the line has been operating safely and reliably for some time. So – and as Pat mentioned, we have very strong support within North Dakota, both the state government there, as well as the three affiliated tribes. So anyway, so we want to be prepared and I believe we are. But certainly our view today is that DAPL will continue to operate safely just as it is today.
Lee Tillman: Yes, just on the Bakken performance, first of all, we did benefit in first quarter from obviously the Bakken completions that were done in Q4. So we carried a bit of that momentum. So even though we only had three formal wells to sales in the quarter, it was really also that carry in effect from fourth quarter. I think that certainly gave us the ability to keep Bakken flowing strongly. The other thing and this is kudos to the asset team. They've done an exceptional job of high uptime performance and ensuring that if we have a well go offline for say something like ESP performance that we're able to get a work over rig on location and get that taken care of. So we will see some impact though of that reduced wells to sales in the Bakken as we move into second quarter, but that's just a – it's a phasing impact more than anything.
Lee Tillman: Well, certainly, when we benchmark from an operating and capital execution standpoint, we feel very good about our position in the Bakken that team is a very strong performing top quartile if not top of basin kind of team. So you're right in terms of our ability to drive value in our core basins, there's very few teams that can do that better than us, but each of these opportunities are unique. And again, we're going to be very disciplined. Even applying our operating advantage, we have to be able to demonstrate that it meets our criteria around financial accretion, certainly no harm to balance sheet, synergies and industrial logic. So, again, good rock is necessary, but not sufficient we have to see both value and return from anything inorganic that we might look at.
Lee Tillman: Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil. And I'd like to close by again thanking all of our dedicated employees and contractors for their commitment and perseverance, particularly during Winter Storm Uri. That concludes our call.
