Lee Tillman: Thank you, Mike. Shifting to our E.G. operations on Slide 15. With the expiration of our legacy Henry Hub-linked LNG contract at the end of last year, first quarter marked the transition to fully realizing global LNG pricing for Alba Gas.  Under the new contractual agreements effective this year, we began marketing our own share of Alba LNG directly into the global LNG market. During the first quarter, these LNG sales at $7.21 per mcf realization drove a significant increase to the international revenue within our consolidated financials.  In comparison to previous years, when our E.G. income was dominated by equity affiliates, a greater share of our E.G. profitability will accrue to the upstream through our Alba LNG sales and will, therefore, be consolidated in our financial statements. These reporting changes should all result in improved transparency into the underlying operations of our Integrated Gas business in E.G.  We see no change to our 2024 guidance as we continue to expect $550 million to $600 million of total E.G. EBITDAX this year, assuming $10 TTF. That's a significant increase from our actual 2023 EBITDAX generation of $309 million.  Importantly, we don't expect this to be a 1-year financial event. For some time, we've been focused on sustaining this improved financial performance by progressing all elements of the E.G. Gas Mega Hub concept. The 5-year E.G. EBITDAX outlook we provided last quarter demonstrates the sustainability of our E.G cash flow generation.  You'll recall the strength of our multiyear outlook is driven by a number of additional factors beyond realizing global LNG pricing, ongoing methanol volume optimization, which started during first quarter; our Alba infill program, which we just sanctioned; and further monetization of third-party gas through the ethane gas cap.  A few more details on our just-sanctioned Alba infill program. This is a high-confidence, low-execution-risk, shorter-cycle project with returns that are competitive with our high-quality U.S. onshore reinvestment opportunities.  We successfully contracted a rig within the region and expect a first half of 2025 spud, with first gas from both wells expected during the second half of the year. These wells will largely mitigate Alba base decline, contributing to a flat production profile from full year 2024 to full year 2026.  Our 2024 capital spending for this program is limited but fully accounted for in the capital spending guidance we provided to the market in February. We expect 2025 capital for the program to be about [ $100 million ].  We covered a lot of ground today. All great stuff and all intended to further our more S&P mandates. Consistent with that mandate, for the last 3-plus years, we've been delivering financial performance highly competitive with the most attractive investment alternatives in the market, as measured by corporate returns, free cash flow generation and return of capital.  I fully expect 2024 to build on this track record, and we're off to a great start. Our compelling investment case is simple, a high-quality multi-basin U.S. portfolio and integrated global gas business that delivers peer-leading free cash flow, a unique and differentiated return of capital framework that provides our shareholders with the first call on cash flow, the output of which is clear visibility to compelling shareholder distributions across a broad range of commodity prices and sector-leading growth in per share metrics and a multiyear track record of consistent execution and proven discipline.  And perhaps most importantly, everything we're doing is sustainable, with resilience through the commodity cycle. This is due to the quality and depth of our U.S. multi-basin portfolio, where we have over a decade of high-return inventory and a disciplined and multifaceted approach to portfolio renewal, including organic enhancement initiatives.  It's also due to our differentiated Integrated Gas business that's now fully realizing global LNG pricing, as we continue to progress all elements of the Regional Gas Mega Hub concept. Rest assured, our commitment to our strategy is unwavering and is built upon our core values, resilience across the commodity cycle and our long-term track record of success.  With that, we can open up the line for Q&A. 
Lee Tillman: Yes. Maybe I'll start, Scott, and let see if Mike wants to add any additional color. I think we've been very methodical in our approach to the Permian. I think as we stated in the prepared comments, it's probably one of the more likely developed positions in the basin because we have pace. I mean we have fantastic black oil assets right in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford to deliver superior, top of Tier 1 kind of returns.  And so it's taken a bit of time for Permian to kind of penetrate into the capital allocation. But based on the results that we've really seen kind of post, I'd say, the pandemic pause, they are now competing. What you've seen is a steady increase in the capital that is flowing into the Permian.  And you should expect to see that continue. We don't view it as a -- it's going to be a step change increase in one given budget cycle, but you should expect to continue to see us drive more investment there as Permian, as you said, it is going to be a growth asset for us as we move into the future. And there's a tremendous amount of potential.  And so with no doubt, as that consumption of wells to sales goes up, that 20-plus years of inventory will obviously moderate. But the strength of that inventory is unquestioned. And probably at least half of that inventory like we believe we can ascribe to extended lateral drilling as well. So it's -- we're very excited about it. I mean the Permian team has definitely earned their spot in capital allocation now. 
Lee Tillman: And the last thing I would maybe add, Scott, is this is also a great demonstration of the strength of the multi-basin portfolio and how we kind of feather these other assets. I mean, today, as you see the dislocation between value between oil and natural gas, obviously, the true black oil areas are very strong, the Eagle Ford and the Bakken.  And then even if you look at some of the realizations coming out of the Permian, which are challenged today on the gas side, very little of our revenue and production is being sourced or being exposed to that today. And again, it just really demonstrates the strength of having a multi-basin approach, where you can move capital allocation around. 
Lee Tillman: Yes. And maybe just to stress around, we're not looking at refrac and redevelopments as necessarily displacing primary development opportunities within our portfolio. But when we benchmark them against where others are drilling today, economic-wise, they're very, very competitive.  But it's going to be [ most of main-ish ] kind of 10% of the Eagle Ford, Bakken program. It's not a major driver necessarily in terms of capital, but it is very high value. And that's what I think is very exciting.  The other thing that I'll just emphasize is if you rewind back to when we talked about the Ensign acquisition, we were very clear that we ascribe no value in that transaction to refrac and redevelopment. And here -- and so the importance to think of this disclosure is multifold, not only at an enterprise level, but even zooming in on that acquisition. 30% of these opportunities lie in the Ensign acreage, which is that upside that we referenced when we described that acquisition. 
Lee Tillman: I'll maybe hand over here in just a minute to Rob and/or Dane. But first of all, I want to be clear, don't let the accounting situation kind of take away from the results in EG. If you look at the bottom line results that we generated this quarter, they were very much in line with the expectations of capturing that global LNG pricing.  So we can get into the vagaries of consolidated versus equity accounting, but from a bottom line delivery standpoint, the asset is delivering exactly what we described.  Okay. So now I'll turn over to the green eyeshades here and let them talk a little bit about this piece. 
Lee Tillman: Yes. No, thanks for the question, Betty. Yes, I think the overall approach in EG has been very comprehensive. We've always talked about EG in terms of a value proposition that consists of the Alba Gas condensate field, but also this world-class infrastructure and how we can maximize taking advantage of that. And so we're always looking to drive more opportunity here.  And you just highlighted one of the very key ones as we look to optimize gas flows within this Integrated Gas asset. And for where methanol stands today and where obviously uplift to global LNG stands today, it makes a lot of sense to divert a large component of the gas speed into AMPCO or the methanol facility into LNG. It's best for our partners. It's also best for the state as well in terms of maximizing revenues.  The GSA, the Gas Sales Agreement, that we have with the methanol plant, runs its course in 2026. And obviously, at that point in time, we'll have another strategic decision to make, going forward, around what is the future of that facility. But again, we would not be subject to that Gas Sales Agreement in 2026. So maximizing flow to EG LNG becomes a real option for us at that stage.  Today, you should really think about it as we're taking advantage of that arbitrage to the extent that we can while also keeping AMPCO running in good stead and continuing to meet our marketing obligations on the methanol [ side ]. 
Lee Tillman: Yes, Betty, I would just reference the fact again that when you look at our acreage position, just because of the way we've developed it, it is one of the more [ lightly ] developed position in the peer group, which I think just underpins what Mike says. We've got a lot of running room there with very high-quality inventory, a big chunk of which will still be subject to extended lateral drilling as well. 
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, certainly, as you look at the efficiency of a share repurchase program, when you quickly go to the free cash flow yield that you're generating and being strongly and double-digit yields there, it still makes a lot of sense to see any discretionary cash flow above and beyond our base dividend flowing to that vehicle.  I mean, I think as we said in the opening remarks that, that still is our preferred vehicle, the combination of a competitive and sustainable base dividend as well as ratable share repurchases. We still believe in that.  Now I wouldn't say -- there's really 2 independent questions there. I think that your shares can be a good value in the market, but we obviously continue to watch all of our basins for opportunities, inorganic opportunities to enhance our business, but we have a very strict criteria for that. And we've been very clear about that from the beginning. And that was really exemplified in the Ensign transaction.  If anything, that criteria is even higher when you consider the addition of Ensign, some of the Permian performance that we just described and the length and duration of inventory there and even the refrac and redevelopment opportunity set that we've disclosed here. So that bar for that type of opportunity remains high as it should be in such a high-quality portfolio.  But I kind of view those a little bit as 2 independent decisions. I still think from a return of cash to shareholder standpoint, a 40% CFO commitment that reign supreme and the best vehicles for accomplishing that are base dividend and share repurchases.  But we're going to continue to obviously watch and evaluate any and all high-quality opportunities that come into the market, but we're going to scrutinize those through the lens of a very exacting M&A criteria. 
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think when you say expansion, we continue to look at, I would say, gas aggregation in the area, both indigenous gas and EG, but also cross-border opportunities as well, particularly in Cameroon. So yes, I think there is opportunity there to expand our footprint. Now that may not necessarily look like upstream investment. It could look at -- look like maximizing throughput through EG LNG for an extended duration. But we see a lot of opportunity there.  But right now, I think as you look at kind of the multiple phases and how we're executing those within the Gas Mega Hub, it really started with the Alen, third-party molecules that got infrastructure built using someone else's money, and we now have access to that infrastructure, and we're realizing both tolling plus profit share on those molecules.  The next step was really coming into the global LNG market with our Alba equity molecules. We can now kind of tick that one off the list. Complementary to that was to get more Alba molecules, which the infill program will help us drive more high-value molecules, equity molecules there.  And then finally, we're right now in the throes of negotiating the ethane gas processing, which that's the ethane gas cap that we know is there. We're well positioned with the infrastructure that was built for Alen to bring those molecules to EG LNG.  And all of these are continuing to extend the runway of this world-class infrastructure. And by extending that runway, you just open up the aperture for even more opportunities, which may look like something like -- could be indigenous EG gas, but it could also very well be cross-border gas because this facility is going to be the natural aggregation point for regional gas in this area. 
Lee Tillman: Yes. Maybe I'll take it at a high level, and I'll let Mike jump in and maybe talk a little bit about at an asset level. . Year-over-year, the portfolio is actually the lateral length has increased by about 5% to 10%. And so we are moving the entire portfolio toward longer laterals, some areas, some leases and some basins are more adaptable to an extended lateral [ 2- ], 3-mile kind of approach. So it's going to be very dependent upon the lease form, our position in that particular basin.  But we're definitely pressing hard to drive as much of our capital allocation toward extended level because we see just the efficiency of doing that, the reduction in costs on a per foot basis and then essentially very similar EUR per foot in the [ similar ] laterals. I mean, what we're seeing in the third mile is consistent with a lot of capture out of that third mile.  So there's a lot of incentive for us to continue to drive -- and other operators feel the same way. And so in areas where perhaps there are some trades or some swaps that you can make, it kind of benefits everyone to continue to consolidate and drive as much of their operated acreage toward extended laterals as they can. 
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think just on your specific question, I think Mike had [ followed ] a little bit of this in his opening comments. But on the D and the C side, we've definitely seen improvements in rate of penetration. Certainly, Eagle Ford was a bit of a standout there on the drilling side. I mean we continue to find ways to [ drive execution ] and efficiency there.  And even on the frac side as well, I think we're continuing to see in terms of stages per day and hours -- pump hours, see improvements there. And I don't know, Mike, do you want to quantify that... 
Lee Tillman: And I think at the end of the day, it provides us very high confidence in delivery of our full-year guidance. It's more of a timing question, as Mike said, is pulling forward a little bit of activity. And that just enhances our confidence in overall delivery on both our financial and operating commitments this year. 
Lee Tillman: Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil, and I'd like to close by again recognizing all our dedicated employees and contractors for their commitment safely and responsibly deliver the energy the world needs now more than ever. And let me end also by just thanking Dane once again for his commitment as well to Marathon Oil. So thank you, and that concludes our call. 
Mike Henderson: Yes. Let me start with the cost, Scott. So I mean specifically, when you look at these refracs, I mean, refracs, we got a deeper history in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford necessarily. But when you look at the cost, we're kind of thinking about it roughly 80% of a new grassroots well, and that's kind of how we'd be thinking about it on a go-forward basis. And in terms of the well productivity, I think I covered that in some of the prepared comments that we just gave you. The refracs that we're seeing in the Bakken, pretty comparable from when we look at some of the new wells that the peers are bringing online.  In Eagle Ford, it's actually a more constructive story for -- we're seeing the refrac/redev well is actually outperforming some of the new wells that we are bringing online. In fact, if anything, there -- you're looking at kind of top quartile performance there. 
Mike Henderson: Yes. I mean, very similar to new well, you get that initial production and then you get back on to that pretty regular decline rate that you would expect with the new well. 
Mike Henderson: I think the only other thing I can say is we've been very thoughtful in terms of both how we reengage with that asset. And I think I described in the prepared comments, we've been doing things at a very disciplined pace. I mean that's -- we've done that for a number of reasons. It certainly allows us to mitigate any potential execution risk in moving too quickly. It also provides us the ability to integrate any learnings into what we're doing.  Maybe the final thing I'll say is when I think about our go-forward program in the Permian, I'd probably characterize it we have been focused on the Wolfcamp. But as I think about the go-forward program, I'd say we're going to be targeting -- it's going to be proven benches at a very proven well spacing, maybe even slightly conservative well spacing. So I think just to echo Lee's comments about it, we feel very, very good about the go-forward program there. 
Mike Henderson: Yes. I mean as I mentioned to Scott in the last call, in terms of volume, we're looking at these Bakken and refracs being very comparable to industry new drills. So I think you could tag a number of that, Arun.  And then similarly, in the Eagle Ford, again, we mentioned that refracs there were probably outcompeting some of the new drills that industry was bringing on. If anything, they're kind of top quartile. So again, I think you could get at a number there and you can do the math. 600x that number, it gets you to a potential volume uplift. 
Mike Henderson: [ I'll take ] it. When I think about we're doing 10% refracs, redevs, I think that talks to the quality of our primary inventory. The fact that we are undertaking the refrac suite development as part of the overall primary development, it's not a stand-alone program. Again, I think it just talks to the quality that we've got in the existing primary, hopefully. 
Mike Henderson: Betty, it's Mike here. I'll take that question. Yes. I mean we probably touched on that one a little bit, one of the earlier responses. But when I look at the Permian, we talk about over 20 years of inventory at the current drilling pace. When I look at what we're going to be targeting in the future, again, I'd describe it as it's -- we're going to be targeting proven benches at proven, if not conservative, well spacing sold.  When I think about the capital efficiency coming out of that basin, I think it's going to be pretty consistent certainly in the near term. So you should expect more of the same as we potentially look to even ramp up some activity there in the coming years. 
Mike Henderson: I think you've covered it, Lee. I think maybe the only thing I'd add in, our land team has done a great job. They've done a great job, continue to do a great job. I think as we mentioned, we see the capital efficiency enhancements. There's alignment there with offsetting operators.  So the trend that we've been on in terms of increasing our average lateral lengths, obviously, gets a little bit more difficult every year. But see, the land team has done a phenomenal job. And all of the asset teams are very, very active in terms of engaging with those offset operators just to see if there are deals that we could do to just extend the average lateral [ length ]. 
Mike Henderson: It's -- Matt, it's Mike here. It's certainly getting it more competitive. But as you know, we've had a pretty successful program there with 11 wells brought online between the fourth quarter of last year, first quarter of this year. We covered it in the prepared comments, over 20% reduction in [ PwC ] per foot savings. And you couple that with the solid initial production, it was very consistent with our expectations.  Now what I would say is we probably do need to [ do more ] on the longer-term production just to make sure that the shallower declines that we're expecting actually come to fruition. But with the enhanced capital efficiency that we expect is going to come from it, I'd certainly hope that the Ajax portfolio is going to get more competitive. 
Mike Henderson: No, you shouldn't expect much of a change in terms of wells to sales. It's really just a phasing within the year, Matt, is how I'd describe it. 
Mike Henderson: Yes. I think we touched on the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. I think Bakken, despite the winter weather challenges that we had in the first quarter, we held on a lot of the efficiencies that we secured the second half of last year. That obviously bodes really well for future quarters.  Interestingly, in Permian, that first quarter 3-mile Wolfcamp program, when we look at peer data, it looks like we drilled those wells 40% faster than the peer average. We're also just completing of the drilling of the Texas, Delaware multi-well pad. Looking at some of the numbers there, our [ ROP ] 25% faster than the last time, we were drilling wells there.  Yes, I think there's a lot going into that. We certainly took advantage of the improved market situation towards the Bakken last year for a coordinated sense. We've high graded in certain areas of the business. I think you're seeing the benefits of that in the performance.  A lot of effort is going into the preplanning side of things. We actually brought on a couple of new rigs [ in Eagle Ford ] at the beginning of the year, and we have not missed a beat there. They very quickly got up to the expected pace.  And then just continuing to work with the longer-term program contracts, [ we're ] implementing a lot of changes with them. We're drilling these extended laterals. What we're finding, we're drilling a lot more of these laterals with a single [ trip ], and that includes some of the 3-miles that we've recently drilled.  And that's a little bit of a balancing act, but we've had some success there just in terms of trying to get a little bit more probabilistic in terms of how we should manage the directional plan. So a lot going on in the execution space, but great to be off to such a solid start at the beginning of the year, and I think it bodes well for the rest of the year. 
