Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. So absolutely, Ryan, again as I said in my opening remarks, we're, you should expect no surprises from us in 2019 as we get prepared to release our capital budget in February of next year. Obviously we're still busy integrating all the performance data from this year and our multi-based and optimization but just a few things that you can take away in terms of the framework. It will be returns first with a commitment to capital discipline, no different than this year. We think that's differentiated us this year and that, that approach we'll continue to do that in 2019. I think this year holding our budget essentially unchanged while still being able to essentially raise our resource play production guidance across three consecutive quarters is notable. But specifically we're going to look to drive a strong rate of change in our corporate returns and cash flow per debt adjusted share and we're going to look to set our 2019 activity levels to deliver organic free cash flow on a conservative oil price deck. Our objective is sustainable, organic free cash flow that can support an all of the above strategy and that's going to include incremental return of cash to our shareholders as well as opportunistic resource capture. For us, it's not an either/or proposition. Production growth, as I already stated in my comments, is going to be an output of our process and we are going to be very much focused on high value oil growth because that's where our margins are being generated
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. And maybe just to add there, Ryan, as well, clearly, those two areas are fully in development mode. The team is striving for predictability, consistency, and higher returns. But we're going to continue obviously our delineation and appraisal efforts that go across the entirety of the play as well as we go into 2019.
Lee M. Tillman: But I think what's probably notable is the comment that Mitch made earlier, Ryan, about we have already relative to the parent wells taken a significant step down. Are we fully where we want to be yet? No. We still have, in our view, there's still work to be done there to improve the capital efficiency and we're, as we do more of this, we're going to get better at it, just like we are in Eagle Ford and the Bakken, where we get a lot more at bats. So I'm very encouraged. I think the combination of productivity and a focus on well cost is going to make the STACK and the SCOOP very competitive in our portfolio.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. As I stated, we're a little early in the process to get down to a basin level that's clearly going to be a part of our February capital budget release. And as I stated, we've got an immense amount of very positive data to incorporate in our planning cycle this go around. What I can tell you is with the results that our asset teams are achieving today, all of the basins are competing well for capital allocation. We're going to remain very focused on corporate returns and we want every dollar of our development capital budget to move that key financial metric in the right direction. At a very high level, you should expect the Eagle Ford and the Bakken to continue to receive the majority of our total resource play capital. That's where we're seeing the best returns and the best capital efficiency. And just for your reference, this year, those two basins were about 60% of our capital allocation in 2018. But as you can see in the 3Q results, Oklahoma and Northern Delaware are delivering strongly and their going to compete for capital even though they are less mature and much earlier in the development cycle. Strategically it's going to be essential for us to continue to fund those two assets for things like leasehold, delineation, appraisal, and early pad drilling so that we keep them on the correct trajectory going forward. The one other thing that I'll mention too which kind of fits in the context of just capital allocation and in totality is that directionally, we also view that our REx spend, our resource play exploration spend, will also be trending downward as we look forward into 2019.
Lee M. Tillman: No. No. Absolutely. I think from our perspective when you look at the extensive portfolio transformation work that we've done, the differentiated position that we we've established in for the best U.S. resource plays, we feel very confident that our current resource base is both high return and high quality. And, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, even with that, we are continuing to progress a multi-pronged approach to continue to even enhance that very strong base. And we've talked about a few of those. It really starts with some of the organic enhancement activities that are already producing fantastic results in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. The net effect of that is to extend the life of that inventory. We've talked about small and very selective bolt-ons in places like Northern Delaware. The fact that Northern Delaware, we're up over 20% on gross co-op locations since we did the original acquisitions back in 2017; and that's through trade, some acquisitions, and even the most recent New Mexico BLM lease sale. And then, we have our resource play exploration program, which certainly offers the potential to generate outsized returns based on very low entry costs. It's certainly still exploration and we need to always come back to that. But with all of those efforts ongoing in parallel, we feel very comfortable that we have a comprehensive strategy in place to replenish and improve our resource base, and that does not include large-scale M&A.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. And I think, Doug, just from my perspective, we have, as Mitch stated, we've been a proponent of, it's not going to be one size fits all across this play. We have really focused our attention on areas that we feel that we have the predictability and the consistency, these higher competence development areas like the overpressured STACK and the SCOOP Woodford. That's not to say that there still aren't areas within Oklahoma and even secondary zones that we still don't need to understand and bring that same level of competence to. And so, I think what you'll see in 2019 is a mix of both of those, both the development pads that we've really started talking about this quarter but also continuing to progress our knowledge base in other zones and other areas of the play that we hope to move to field development in the future.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think for the two areas that we just addressed, Doug, which are the overpressured STACK, specifically the Meramec and the SCOOP at Woodford, that is where we are today. We view those as kind of the foundational elements moving into 2019 and we would intend to hang our appraisal and delineation work around those two development areas.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think for us, Janine, the Eagle Ford is a very unique asset in the sense that it's relatively mature but we have now uplifted the value of a large portion of the acreage there that probably, not so long ago, we would have deemed as lower tier and likely not competing as strongly for capital allocation. I think what that does for us is it gives us the flexibility to optimize the Eagle Ford to deliver what it needs to do within our broader portfolio. We can certainly grow the Eagle Ford if that's the role we want it to play or we can use it as you stated as more of a free cash flow, capital efficient engine. Obviously, when we look at these plays and we look at how they fit into our multi-basin optimization, we're looking at many factors including maximizing the use of existing infrastructure to avoid further capital spend, say, on the facilities side. All of those things go into our calculus in terms of where we want to push capital. But as you rightly say with the level of returns that we're seeing there, we fully expect Eagle Ford to compete very strongly in 2019 and beyond. Almost under any scenario, we see it generating free cash flow within the portfolio, whether that's on a flat production basis or a slight growth profile. But, the beauty again of the Eagle Ford is very capital efficient. It's a fantastic asset team. They continue to push the envelope on innovation and I think there's still a lot of excitement ahead in the Eagle Ford.
Lee M. Tillman: And I think, Jeanine, just on the commercial side of things, when we look at where we spend our service dollars, are really on the, obviously, on the drilling and the frac side. And, we have never had more diversity in our frac providers than we do today. We're seeing opportunities in the market to term up some element of our fleet to lock in some strong commercial terms. So, all of those things are coming into play to continue to allow us to drive costs down on a completed well cost basis. The other thing I will just mention since we're talking about a little bit of the, a little bit of moderation in our wells to sales in fourth quarter is that in aggregate, we are still delivering wells to sales above the midpoint of our guidance for full-year, and all basins are also within their guidance. So, these are, some of the things we're talking about here are very normal variations in our cadence quarter-to-quarter. There's not some step change occurring here.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think that given our returns-first orientation, Brian, that really is kind of the toggle switch for us to really start considering the share repurchase. And to the extent that we made that test and found that that was not competing adequately for capital, we have multiple other uses for that capital on hand. Clearly, we have many developmental opportunities that we could pursue if that was the right decision. We obviously have our work in resource capture. We talked about kind of this multi-pronged approach, everything from small bolt-ons to the activity in REx. And also bear in mind that REx will ultimately, we hope, have some wells go into predevelopment mode. And so there could be some funding requirements there. We have already a peer competitive dividend that exists today; $170 billion a year of annual dividend. That's certainly an area that could also be tested to see if there was an action that needed to be taken. It's something that is assessed and evaluated each and every quarter in our discussions with our board, no different than share repurchase. Certainly from a from a debt standpoint, we did a fantastic job in 2017 reducing gross debt. We don't have a maturity until 2020. So really from a debt standpoint and a debt metric standpoint, we don't really see a lot of action required there but I think that's broadly how we would think through it, Brian.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, when we think about it from a risk inventory standpoint, Atascosa County obviously was already contributing risk inventory just at a lower economic value. The effect of the work that the Eagle Ford asset team has been to uplift that area and drive those returns even higher and so, we would expect that this is more centered around value and returns. It would have, obviously the net effect of extending that inventory performance over time at the same kind of run rate. So that's absolutely a positive there. And also, bear in mind, this is on a go-forward basis, our most underdeveloped area in the Eagle Ford.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, certainly, as we look at the Bakken today with this core extension that we've enjoyed in Hector as we hopefully push that even further, potentially even into the Ajax area, there's little doubt that from a high value oil growth standpoint, the Bakken is going to have a very material role to play for us going forward. I think, as I stated earlier on the Eagle Ford, I think there we have the luxury of modulating the performance of the Eagle Ford to really maximize capital efficiency and the infrastructure that we have in the field; that could either show it more in a flat profile like we enjoyed this year, or could see it actually get back into a growth mode depending upon how the multi-basin optimization ultimately drives capital and return. So, a lot of flexibility, but our view is that the combination of enhanced well productivity, with the team's continued ability to drive costs even lower, that's a pretty powerful combination. And under any scenario, the minimum expectation is an uplift in economics and value. And, I think at the end of the day, the net result will be an extension of the inventory and time.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah, yeah. Well, first of all, I want to maybe just make sure everyone understands that, that the long-term guidance that I believe you're referring to, John, is the 2017 to 2021 guidance that was really geared toward demonstrating the potential of the portfolio at that point in time on a kind of fixed or flat price assumption. And, it was really, again not a business plan but really just illustrating the potential of the portfolio. We'll continue to look at options to provide transparency on mid- and longer-term plans and that may be something we look at in 2019. But, we really start with the premise of being returns focused first. Again for us, those growth CAGRs that we were showing even as part of that case were an outcome of a process that starts with a corporate returns view as its starting point. And so for us, again, we're going to be very focused and what you'll see in 2019 is very much a focus on where our high value, high margin oil production is going but that also will be an output of our overall returns-first kind of capital allocation philosophy. In terms of, can I project forward on how performance and capital efficiency this year will impact not only 2019 but even beyond 2019, that's still work that's ongoing today. As you might imagine, one of the beauties of the resource plays is, we get new data and new performance information each and every day and that is being integrated and built into our modeling, really in real time. The other thing I would point out just on budget in general is that we've moved to a mode where capital allocation is something that is essentially dynamic. It's something that we have flexibility in. We will set a budget plan for 2019 but as we move through the year and see performance, as we see costs, as we see commodity pricing, we have ample flexibility in the multi-basin model to make changes and tweaks to that capital allocation all along the way. So, it's a point in time view. That's the way it will be. We'll always be focused on delivering our commitments. But our path to achieve those commitments is something that can flex a bit during the year.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think, again, today, our view is that a discipline repurchase of our shares is a good use of capital and it offers very competitive returns given our current market valuation. The pace of that buyback is going to be governed or informed by our sustainable free cash, organic free cash flow generation. It, we do not want that program reliant on disposition proceeds. That is not the intent. This year, we were able to leverage disposition proceeds to drive a very opportunistic and successful REx program. And in fact, we more than fully funded our resource play exploration activities with the proceeds that we received in second quarter of this year. Those disposition proceeds are still available for us to use as opportunities might present themselves and that would be our view going forward. But the strength of our balance sheet, the flexibility of it, the ability to act quickly and decisively if the right opportunity, small bolt-on, lease. I mean, lease sale is a great example. We could go into the lease sale, be very selective, but also be very decisive about what we wanted to achieve in that lease sale because of the strength of our balance sheet. And we could do that while still also delivering against our share repurchase program. So, to be able to do both of those simultaneously, again it's not an either/or proposition, that's the model that we want to continue to progress as we move into 2019. I would maybe just add one final thing too, John, is that you shouldn't expect an exact match between free cash flow generation and share repurchase. I mean, that's certainly a governor, it's certainly something that's going to inform our decisions around pace, but it will not be a, if you will, dollar-for-dollar match.
Lee M. Tillman: It's kind of interesting to me as we look at the Bakken today that we've gotten, I feel like we've gotten a little bit spoiled and jaded in the Bakken. We've talked a lot about the Lars pad and I look at this, for instance this Myrmidon pad from the quarter, you look at not only the average across the pad but you look at the Jerome well which did 4,800 barrels of oil per day on an IP 30. And, all of a sudden, that's not even headline grabbing anymore which is shocking to me. I mean these wells are incredible kind of world-class wells and certainly are some of the best that have ever been completed in the North America unconventional space. And, I just want to really, just compliment that team on what has been one of the most notable turnarounds in our portfolio. From almost zero capital allocation back in 2016 to where we find ourselves today, it is one of the most compelling success stories that I can point to in our portfolio.
Lee M. Tillman: Well, I would just like to wrap up by saying, thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil and thank you to our dedicated employees and contractors that safely deliver execution, excellence 24/7. We cannot produce these results without them. That concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Sure, Ryan. This is Mitch. And, we've been talking for a couple of quarters now about the transition to development mode in the overpressured STACK and in the SCOOP. We've been integrating data from our own activity and from industry. We're applying some advanced seismic processing techniques to help guide the combination of well spacing, landing zone and completion design. And it's the intersection and the combination of all those factors that we're starting to hone in on. And, evidenced by the last three pads in the overpressured STACK are on different well spacing with some differences in completion design as well, but delivering very consistent results. We're going to continue, as we've kind of highlighted in the Oklahoma slides, continued development in the overpressured STACK and SCOOP. You see a number of upcoming pads there. So, we would intend to stay with that philosophy to continue to leverage the learnings and the application while we're driving well costs lower. We reported 15% to 20% lower on those two specific pads were actually seen improvements in the last quarter across the entire basin that are even above that. And we continue to drive capital efficiency both from the well performance side and from the well cost side across all of our basins. So you should see continued activity with our focus on development in both the overpressured STACK and SCOOP as the majority of our program going into 2019.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Well, there's multiple plays there, Ryan. We've got various lateral lengths, we've got various pressure regimes that we're drilling in, so we would have to get down to a very granular level. And, I don't have all of that sitting right in front of me. There's a number of different well types, lateral lengths, and drilling and completion designs. So there's quite a range there.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Let me start, Arun, by talking about the turnaround activities and as part of our normal long-term maintenance program, we have a major turnaround like this every few, every three years or so. And if you look back to Q1 of 2016, you'll see sort of a similar type of event. It involves long-term preventative inspections on our rotating equipment there, requires a full field shut down for a period of time in this case, along with vessel inspections and the typical kind of maintenance work we do to ensure the world class reliability that we deliver from that asset and have delivered over the past decade plus. In this particular turnaround, we'll also be taking advantage of the shutdown to perform some, pre-install some tie-ins. As we've talked about we're progressing agreements to bring additional backfill gas through the facilities that we have on Punta Europa. We continue to progress those and we're going to take advantage of this turnaround to make those preemptive tie-ins. You shouldn't view the capital or cash expense related to this turnaround as meaningful in the context of the corporation or even our international operations but production-wise we have, I think if you reference back to the 2016 we saw 10% to 15% impact on the quarter and that's probably a good guide as we go into, for this event in 2019.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Sure, Doug. This is Mitch. Again, we talked a few quarters ago, we came back and talked about the tailored approach to development strategy and completion design across the STACK. And, I think we were one of the first to come out and say on the far eastern edges, it would be less than six wells per section. And it would be in the heart of the play where we see the best geology, the thickest section and some pressure we would expect to see instances of greater than six wells per section. I think our results over that time period would prove that out and it looks like industry is kind of centralizing around a similar view that we've been talking about. I think if you look at how we're approaching that without getting into the specific recipe, I would say a couple of unique advantages that we're applying. The database is basically the same for all players, more or less. The art comes in how you integrate that data in looking at the interplay between well spacing, well landing zone and completion style. We've got over a decade of experience, well over 2,000 horizontal, unconventional completions. We've got a centralized model that allows us to quickly transfer those learnings from one basin to another. And we've got an attitude within our teams that is to never be satisfied with what we did yesterday. So an attitude that's focused on making sure we capture all the learnings not only from our own work but from outside activity. I mentioned earlier we are doing some advanced seismic processing. We're using that work to target specific zones within the Meramec, across the pressure windows and across the geology, which helps us target the wells in the right interval, and we think is helping guide us to the right spacing specifically tailored to the sub-region and in many cases down to the DSU.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah. 1525 MBOE, I think, yeah. We've had that type curve out for quite a while as you know and we have tried to put type curves out there that are a blend of parent and infill wells in forming that type curve and to describe what we would view as our mean or average expectation across that particular type curve area. So you can think about it as a blend and as an expectation for what we hope to deliver. But, we're going to continue to provide actual data to inform the construction of your own type curve as well.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Sure, Jeanine. This is Mitch. The simple answer is all of the above, but I'll try to give you a little bit more context. As you rightly stated, we made an intentional decision in the Eagle Ford, which was completed in third quarter but, to swap out one of our frac crews to a different type of service model that allowed us to vertically integrate more of the commodities and supplies internally and self-source those. We're already seeing meaningful contribution to well costs as a result of that. We continue to press on the commercial relationships and partnerships, the efficiency side where we're seeing continued improvement across the basins in terms of pump time or a number of stages completed per day, drilling efficiencies are coming hand-in-hand with that. And, we continue to pursue opportunities that would expand using things like self-sourcing, also looking at local or more regional sand sources, which have a lower cost of transportation. So, it's really an all-of-the-above strategy, and our teams are intensely focused on the entire capital efficiency equation, both the well performance side and the well cost side. And so efforts across many of those spaces, and we still see opportunities to drive further improvement in our cost structure.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah. Let me address that from a little bit higher level if I could, Bob, and I'll come back and answer your question specifically. But, the way I would characterize it is, there's some ongoing industry experimentation on choke management strategy, and really looking to understand the trade-offs, if any, between kind of returns based on fast flowback strategy, and ultimate recovery, and how that ultimately impacts overall capital efficiency. We obviously are monitoring that activity. We participate in a lot of that activity. But generally, I would say we're operating with a moderate to slightly aggressive strategy. And we do that by integrating real-time, bottom-hole pressure data into our choke bumps, and use those in combination to kind of drive how we open up chokes on these wells. It's a bit early to reach the ultimate and final conclusion on this. There's a handful of pads with kind of two years plus history but the evaluation that we've done would not show any noticeable impact to EUR based under the different flowback strategies. So we think we've pretty well landed on how we're going to continue to operate these wells as we keep our focus on returns and don't, at this point, see any noticeable impact on EUR.
Thomas Mitchell Little: I think we've been surprised to the upside across Hector over the last several quarters and really impressed with the work that the team has done there to extend the core out of Myrmidon into Hector and of course we have the successful Elk Creek pad as well. I think you're fairly characterizing that the surprise in the Three Forks has been even greater than in the middle Bakken. But the overwhelming direction of those extension and activities have been positive and the Lars pad two wells are competing very well with kind of industry activity and peer activity out there. So, very encouraged by Lars. We're going to continue a few more tests down in the southern portions of Hector to confirm the overall extent of that. And of course we're on track to have our first test in several years in the Ajax area during 4Q. So more news to follow on that.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Hey, Brian. This is Mitch. I would just add to that, in the release this quarter in the slide deck, we highlighted 28 wells across Atascosa year-to-date average IP 30 of 1,530. If you go back a little bit further, we have over 60 wells that we've brought online now across Atascosa with new generation completion. And the results across those 65 are pretty consistent with the 28 that we're reporting on here. So, we have firmly established, expanded a core, the expanded core, across Atascosa County at this point in our view.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Jeff, this is Mitch, again. And, I think if you're referring to our activities in the SCOOP, we would generally see tighter well spacing per landing zone there than in the STACK. But as we've talked about on a number of occasions, the design or the development approach in the STACK is going to vary based on variations in geology and reservoir quality and pressure. We see a bit more consistency in those parameters in the SCOOP Woodford. And so, yes, we would agree that average well spacing is likely to be higher in the SCOOP Woodford.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah. I think we would characterize it largely similar. The improvement in value, the improvement in capital efficiency has been the primary benefit from that. We generally have carried risk inventory in our long-term plans for those areas but at a significantly different value than what we've been able to achieve. There may be some opportunities as we continue to try these new approaches to revisit that but you can think of them largely the same for now.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah, I think that is fair. And I could bring you back probably to the beginning of 2018 when we revealed our capital allocation for this year. There was some surprise in the market with how much we were dedicating to the Bakken but it was on the backs of the great technical work that our teams had done, the evolution and strong improvement in returns that we had seen from those trials to-date, and the confidence we had in moving those into other areas. So, but accurate statement for sure.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah. Appreciate the comments. And not to pile on here too much, but it's also on the backs of well costs that are 20% lower than the trailing 12 months. And, I think the well cost part of the equation is a little bit underappreciated as we talk about flashy IPs and across all of the basins. But, great work on both sides of the equation there.
