Lee Tillman: Yes, absolutely Arun. Well, I think through our track record in 2018, we certainly showed that we could strike a balance between obviously funding the very important work of REx but also returning significant cash flow back to shareholders, I mean, as you look at the 2018 numbers, Arun, we were able to - of the $865 million of organic free cash flow that we generated post dividend, we've returned $700 million of that back in the form of share repurchase. So our view is that our track record speaks for itself. We want to always keep flexibility in our programs, but we are very committed to prioritizing the return of cash to shareholders. Hence, our strong focus on sustainable free cash flow generation at very conservative oil pricing.
Lee Tillman: Yes, absolutely. I'll maybe make a few comments and turn over to Mitch to get into specifics, but you know when we initially came out with the highly successful test in the Ajax area, we did not address specifically the completed well costs that those were delivered for and of course as we disclosed our fourth quarter results, we gave not only the productivity from those wells, but also the completed well costs which averaged around $5 million. And I think it's that powerful combination and I think it reflects the fact that our team in the Bakken is not just working the productivity side of the equation, but is also working the capital reduction side of the equation as well. And with that, I'll let Mitch talk a little bit about some of the specifics around how they're doing that.
Lee Tillman: I would also add that a lot of the self-help that Mitch outlined around commercial structures, self-sourcing, that applies across the full position, that's not unique to a given area, so that tends to, if you will lift all boats in terms of capital efficiency.
Lee Tillman: Yes, well, I mean right now all - both sides of the portfolio are obviously contributing to that free cash flow performance, Doug, as - obviously as the U.S. basins grow in prominence and we've talked about this quite a bit that the - the percent of our production mix sourced from the U.S. is growing over time. We still have very strong though contribution from our integrated gas asset in EG as well, but the Bakken and the Eagle Ford are very strong free cash flow generators as well. So really multiple assets are contributing to that free cash flow positive performance in the out years.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I mean, again, we don't want to get out into talking specifics in the out year 2020, Phill, but what I would tell you is that the activity levels that you would see out across that time period probably reflect very modest changes in activity. These are not large step change increases in any type of capital allocation out in 2020 to achieve this. Yeah, and in fact, I would just add that the momentum in 2020 is such that we are actually enjoying more capital efficiency in 2020 than we do in 2019.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I'll make a few comments and maybe let Mitch jump in with a few basin specific things, but I think, first you start with just the remarkable success that was demonstrated in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford and even though we spent a lot of time talking about quality uplift in improving the economic performance as we extended the core, we all recognize that the net effect of that was to actually increase inventory life. So it's, you're essentially extending inventory life, but doing it in a very capital-efficient manner. One of the best examples, I could talk about would be the performance that we saw in the Ajax completions relative to the last time that we drilled and completed wells there, we saw a 3X uplift in productivity. So, one well doing the work of three and so that's the type of multiplier effect that we saw, not only in places like Hector and Ajax but certainly even as we extended the core in Atascosa County and the Eagle Ford. I think it's a subtle shift in thinking, and I think it's a natural step for us to transition into continuing that quality work, but also looking at ways to add physical sticks as well and that's where a lot of the effort in 2019 will be focused is on that. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we see an opportunity set even just restricting it to Bakken and the Eagle Ford that we're talking of hundreds of potential wells that could be added. And again, not all of those efforts might be successful. Some of those may take multiple years to actually prove, but we still see running room in terms of additional sticks, and Mitch, if you want to add anything about some of the things that we're actually testing there.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I mean, I would say today our preferred vehicle remains share repurchase and we believe that that generates a strong return based on the valuation but the pace and timing of that share repurchase is going to be governed by sustainable free cash flow. The same discipline you see in all elements of our business, you should expect to see in the way we approach share repurchases and I think we've demonstrated that quite clearly as we calibrated even last year's share repurchase program very closely to our visibility on sustainable free cash flow. I think, for us, I think the fact that we have also incorporated that into our executive compensation structure is also quite notable. When we look with the comp committee each year, add executive compensation, we really strive to improve in really two dimensions. The first of those dimensions is aligning executive comp with the strategic intent of the company. The second of those is aligning executive comp with the shareholder experience. In other words, if the shareholder wins, obviously management should win, and I think in that context, we have continued to move forward. Last year, we incorporated cash returns as well as cash flow per debt adjusted share. When you look at our stated strategic intent, those two made very good sense and now we're integrating a third and complementary item, which is looking at return of cash, which for us will be a metric that looks at the combination of dividend and share repurchase, relative to the amount of sustainable free cash flow that we're generating. And so we think that's very critically important to incent the correct behaviors within the leadership team to drive our strategic intent.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I maybe take the first one and then let the spacing question flow over to Mitch. We stated all along that we like the scale that we have in the Northern Delaware but we would like to strengthen the contiguous nature of our operated position there and we've been very content with working singles and doubles through small bolt-on acquisitions. The New Mexico resale was another example, we participated there with about a $100 million of capital put to work there and also looking at trades with other operators in the area. And again, all of those are being done with the mindset of being very surgical, very targeted, with an intent of increasing our working interests, providing more exposure to extended lateral optionality as well as converting non-operated to operated positions. And so, it's not simply adding acreage. It's being very specific and very selective about how and where we add that acreage. And so, it's a combination really of all three of those factors, Ryan, that have resulted in that 20% uplift since we actually entered the play with the two large acquisitions. Maybe on the second question around spacing, maybe I'll let Mitch chime in on that one.
Lee Tillman: Yes, happy to do so Brian, it's - obviously this element is in the portion of our scorecard that we call strategic objectives. In the case of this specific metric, it is going to be really measured as we look at both the delivery to the shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and looking at that in the context of the actual organic cash flow that we're generating. The Board recognizes that we need flexibility within that but that will be the measuring stick that they will use to assess how we are achieving against that metric. Today, we don't really because again of a pricing and other things, we have not set a hard target there and hence one of the reasons it fits in the strategic objectives, because we don't want to lose that flexibility, but I think featuring it there set the expectation that we continue the trend that I think we established very clearly in 2018 and I think the alignment with our strategic intent is pretty clear, but it will not be, it would be measured internally not relative to others.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I think, David, we explore with the compensation committee every year looking at various metrics across our quantitative and strategic scorecard. We believe that in our business that multiple financial metrics are required to really determine the health of the business. So when you look at our scorecard today, not only are you going to find cash return, cash flow per debt adjusted share, and now return of cash, but you're also going to find F&D cost, you're going to find unit margin, you're also going to find unit cash costs. So when you look collectively at our scorecard we have, almost 70% of our scorecard is embedded in financial metrics. The metrics that we think align best with our strategic intent. There are numerous financial metrics that we've considered. There is of course a bunch of different ways to slice and dice cash return. We've looked at a lot of those. We landed on this one as one that we felt was something that could be calculated externally with ease and compared and so we look at all those factors when we select the metrics, because we're trying not only to reflect the strategic intent of the business, but provide metrics that are transparent externally as well and meaningful external as well.
Lee Tillman: Yes, well, we are always, as we look at our core areas where our teams are generating such high levels of differentiated execution and capital efficiency to the extent that there are small bolt-on opportunities there that offer high quality inventory, not necessarily PDP production. We are always going to take a look at those. In terms of the returns those can generate for high quality assets, those are generally not your distressed assets, and typically there has to be at least some synergy or incremental value that you bring to bear to make those competitive within the overall portfolio. We're not looking to invest in inventory necessarily that's 10 or 15 years out in time. It needs to be competitive today with the current portfolio and that's a very high bar and I think if we have one struggle, it's just that we do have a very high quality, high return inventory basin, so it takes a very unique and high quality bolt-on to really compete for capital, and you know, but again with our financial flexibility, with our demonstrated performance in these basins if we see those opportunities that fit within our existing footprints, we're going to take a hard look at that.
Lee Tillman: I think that anytime you see significant pricing volatility and certainly volatility within a relatively low range, I think that creates some disconnect between buyers and sellers. I think that's just a natural thing that occurs. So, yeah, I would assume that probably some deals are not moving forward because of that.
Lee Tillman: Well, I don't think we would call any of them easy particularly when you talk about trades and things like that. I think those are tough because you would have to have two parties come to kind of a value proposition and that's always tough. I think there is still a tremendous amount of running room left in places like Northern Delaware as operators continue to find win-win situations where they can swap out acreage to the benefit of both, I think that's, now, is it going to happen in very large chunks, probably not, it's going to be, again the singles and the doubles, but if your consistent with that and you work that over time, just as we've shown, you can making meaningful impact on your inventory. So without quantifying it, I absolutely feel that there is more running room there whether it be greenfield lease sales either state or federal from the small acquisition standpoint and certainly on the trade standpoint, I think all three of those are still fully in play.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I think the way I would kind of summarize is, Bob, is that we are very encouraged by the performance and the predictability that we're generating in the SCOOP Woodford whether you look at the Lightner pad that we previously talked about which was a four-well but an eight-well per section equivalent as well. I think that's what we really challenged that team with, with ensuring that we are generating competitive returns and also creating a predictable platform down in the SCOOP Woodford that really to us feels more like development drilling than certainly delineation drilling.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I think is, one of the beauties, I think of the multi-basin model, Jeanine, is that we do have assets that span the full development cycle and that allows us as we do our multi-basin optimization to flex those assets as we need between growth and free cash flow generation or some combination of both. There is little doubt that Bakken and Eagle Ford across the range of pricing sensitivity that we've addressed in this pack, our free cash flow positive in generating very strong free cash flow. Oklahoma, though we still show that as an early development asset as we, as you kind of hear the conversation today, there is little doubt that SCOOP Woodford and over pressured STACK Meramec are starting to move more toward the green area of this chart. And to the extent that that becomes more of the preponderance of the well mix there, then Oklahoma will clearly start moving toward being at a minimum self-funding and then ultimately cash flow generation as well. Northern Delaware is a little bit further removed from that. I mean, we're still in the very early days there, we're really in preparatory mode, we're still - that's the only basin where we still have some leasehold obligations yet to complete. The team is definitely on the right trajectory, you're going to see very strong growth there, but on a relatively small base and it's going to be a question of letting the economies of scale catch up there in the Permian, and we plan to get it to free cash flow positive as soon as we can. But again, I would just stress that for us it's looking collectively across the portfolio, because this is the advantage of the multi-basin model. We can achieve what we need to achieve strategically in a place like Northern Delaware while also relying on our strong capital efficient assets like the Bakken and the Eagle Ford to deliver that free cash flow, which then puts us in a position to be talking about break even enterprise numbers of down around $45 a barrel.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I think that as we look at capital allocation, all four of our basins are competing strongly on an economic return basis. So, I mean, when you start at the top of the house with an objective of driving enterprise returns, your whole portfolio has to be contributing to that and we feel that Oklahoma is in a unique position in the sense that it's such a large and diverse acreage position, we're going to have elements of Oklahoma moving into that full-field development mode like SCOOP Woodford, like over pressured STACK Meramec, a bit ahead of some of the secondary zones and we're fine with that. But there is no doubt in our mind that we have a strong inventory that if needed within our multi-basin model, Oklahoma can be part of that growth equation. It's just as we optimize today, we're not having to pull upon Oklahoma in that manner.
Lee Tillman: Sure, Neal. We talked about the intentional focus of our Northern Delaware program being strategically pacing development while accomplishing some of our delineation objectives. And so, we would expect pretty ratable and pretty flat activity across the Northern Delaware throughout 2019 and at a level that's more or less on par with 2018.
Lee Tillman: I think importantly though for us, Neal, is that we want to be predictable on that variability. I mean we want to know as we go into these pads the deliverability, what they're going to look like, what the spacing needs to be, et cetera, and that's why we are certainly focusing the '19 program into areas like the SCOOP Woodford and over-pressured STACK Meramec, because we feel that the team now has a workflow to deliver not only great results and great returns but do them in a predictable fashion. I mean, we may see different spacing, we may see different completion designs, we may see some variability in GOR, but we're seeing that, knowing that going into the development.
Lee Tillman: Yes, just in general, you know on service costs, particularly as we look ahead to this year. I'd say in aggregate, as we look across all service lines, we are flat to a little bit of deflation in 2019. That's kind of where we stand and that's pretty consistent with the trends that we saw at the end of last year and certainly what we're seeing at the beginning of this year. Particularly as you think about more or less an inflationary assumption that matches up with that $50 flat view, that's going to be a relatively flat kind of assumption on inflation as well that complements that.
Lee Tillman: Yes, well, certainly as you know, the dependency there is really one or more of activity levels not only for us, but across the industry. And certainly as we move more into a $60 world, we would expect an uptick in demand for services, et cetera. We still believe that we have self-help activities that will, generally speaking, help us offset that. So I think within this $50 to $60 band, we feel pretty comfortable that we understand that inflation is going to be at relatively low levels and that in the case of the $60 maybe net of some self-help activities that we have to implement ourselves.
Lee Tillman: Yes, inventory is something that we think about and work on each and every day. We'll never be satisfied on that front from a quality as well as a quantity standpoint. Just though on your first question, I think, a 60, 40 split between more mature assets and our developing assets to us makes perfect sense, it is very consistent with last year. If you again - you're going to be guided by enterprise returns and organic free cash flow generation, you have to be able to strike the right balance between that mix of assets and we feel very good. We're still progressing our less mature assets, we're still delineating them. In many cases, we're still growing them in the case of Northern Delaware. You know, when we think about inventory life, we feel very good that the work that we've done in both Bakken and Eagle Ford continue to push that inventory life forward in time, with just the work that we've done last year combined we'd say we've got you know about a decade of inventory across both Bakken and Eagle Ford combined at kind of 2019 consumption rates. And obviously in the other two assets, we've got multiple decades of inventory there at current consumption rates. So we feel very good about the work that we're doing, not only to develop our inventory, but to continue to replace that inventory in very structured and methodical sort of way.
Lee Tillman: Yes, and I guess on that point, Jeff, I would say, first of all, all international is not created equal. I think we've been very explicit in talking about the foundational elements of our portfolio, our four U.S. resource plays and EG. And if I just focus on EG for a moment, it is a long life, low decline asset with essentially no capital requirements going forward, so it's a free cash flow generator for us. It is, really there's two value propositions in EG, there is the Alba field itself and then there is the value of that infrastructure sitting in a very advantage position in West Africa, an LNG plant, a methanol plant, as well as a gas plant, storage and of course an offloading berth. Our view is that that is going to be a natural aggregation point of gas going forward. So we still see a very strong value proposition that exists in EG despite the fact that we are in that kind of, 8% to 10% kind of decline from an Alba Field perspective. We think there again, there is really two embedded value propositions there. One, our equity barrels that we can generate from Alba and the other is taking advantage of this world-class infrastructure that we have on the ground there.
Lee Tillman: Yes, Jeff, if I could maybe just add to it, I think that we have high confidence in the physics of enhanced recovery via miscible flooding in unconventional reservoirs. Really it's now sorting out really the economics and scale of that and then assessing how that competes capital allocation within the portfolio. But when you look at the oil in place that we're leaving behind in these reservoirs to think that we're not going to chase that with innovation and technology, I think just doesn't make sense to us. So it's that next phase for a lot of these, a bit more mature areas is really how do we leverage some of those same techniques that have proven successful in more conventional reservoirs to get our recovery factors up much higher, I mean just a few percentage point movements in recovery factor across these large fields is a difference maker.
Lee Tillman: I want to thank everyone for your interest in Marathon Oil and we look forward to delivering on our commitments for our shareholders again in 2019. Thank you very much.
Mitch Little: Sure, Arun. I think what's probably at the core of all of this and what's interesting to think about is, discipline is not only important to our investors but it's very impactful in creating the right behaviors on innovation across the company. And so, when we attack capital efficiency, it's not just from the well productivity side, it's also from the denominator side, which is on cost. And, we gave some good color throughout across all the basins on improvement in completion efficiency, we're seeing market improvement in drilling efficiency as measured by feet per day, but it goes beyond that into design simplification, partnering with the right contractors who have the same efficiency drive that we do, expanding of our vertical integration and self-sourcing of materials, optimization of the full treatment schedule, I mean, it's almost on every front. And so, we have a number of wells - we highlighted the four Ajax wells, we have a number of wells that we've delivered for that same CWC. There is some variation by area, we would still characterize our Bakken CWC today between $5 million and $6 million, but we have a number across all areas in the $5 million range and we're continuing to keep that focus on capital efficiency.
Mitch Little: Doug, there are some minor differences across the area and as we've talked about on many quarters in the past, we do have a very detailed and structured workflow that helps us tailor our completions to specific areas. That being said, there's not a lot of variability in what we're actually pumping across from Myrmidon down to Ajax and Hector, there's, I would call it more modest variability. And as I mentioned in response to the previous question, we've delivered CWCs at that well cost in the Myrmidon area as well. So this is just a matter of continuously fine tuning and focusing on all elements of capital efficiency. So the teams are fully charged up to continue to drive that benefit further, as we put on our slides, we were 24% down in completed well costs 4Q '18 compared to 4Q '17, that's a mix of wells across that entire position. So, there's not a lot of variability, I would call it, really modest variability from north to south across our position.
Mitch Little: Yes, Phill, I think Lee covered it pretty well. The things that I would add, as we've been on this journey, improving the quality of our inventory, we've also been integrating state of the art tools and workflows, and I think I talked about them on the last call where we're using some advanced seismic processing techniques and coupling that with a true 3D fracture modeling tool that integrates with reservoir simulation, which is to best of our knowledge, only one or two of our peers have that same technical - technology capabilities. So, we're taking the learnings from all that we've done over the last couple of years, applying it then to optimize spacing tests, alternative development schemes, extending these enhanced completions out into further areas. We've had great success in uplifting the quality across most of Atascosa or all of Atascosa, in Eagle Ford, down into Hector, a good looking test in Ajax as well in the Bakken, but there are other areas further away from the traditional core that we'll continue pushing into. And as Lee said, we have identified just in those two assets hundreds of locations that we have the potential to add and while I agree with Lee our base expectation isn't necessarily all of them will work. I'm pretty optimistic based on our track record over the last couple of years.
Mitch Little: Absolutely, I think Lee made a couple of remarks on the focus of the near-term program in the Permian and that's probably a good place to start where about two-thirds of our activity will be targeting the Upper Wolfcamp which has seen the most testing in the area and certainly where we've had the majority of our activities since entry and is moving more toward a development mode and we're typically testing in and around the base-case assumptions that we put out in the releases when we made the acquisitions, testing above that in some cases, but largely in line with the base case that we put out there. The rest of the program is around the delineation efforts that are important for us across the position to optimize the longer-term development plan there and so we're testing different spacing alternatives there. The one that we highlighted in the materials was this Lower Wolfcamp test, which was a test at eight wells per section. If you refer back to our base-case in the release, our base-case was three wells per section, our upside case was six and we've tested eight here, we're pretty encouraged by the early time performance, but the focus will remain for the near-term on the upper Wolfcamp and then strategic delineation tests and spacing tests across the position to help us further optimize the long-term development plan.
Mitch Little: So if I start with your Eagle Ford question, I think it's important to recognize that the potential is hundreds of locations, we have dedicated funds and are advancing trials of those different concepts that I talked about, we will be implementing or executing on those this year. In most cases, we will want to see longer-term performance and we will want to see multiple trials to confirm the full magnitude of the change. So it's hard to put a fixed time scale on that, but I think our teams recognize hundreds of locations across those two most mature assets, we will continue to focus on maintaining longevity in those assets and enhancing longevity where we can. On the Permian, as you're well aware, this is the most dense resource basin in the U.S. with multiple benches up to 10 or 11 benches in some areas and each of those intervals is going to advance at a slightly different scale I would say. So, again, it would be a different point in time for different intervals within that. Our focus remains on the upper Wolfcamp, we're about two-thirds of the program, but we'll be getting meaningful tests across multiple secondary objectives this year and then integrate that in and be able to reflect on how prominent that's going to fit into the 2020 and beyond program.
Mitch Little: We do have a pretty uniform landing zone in that area, and so, in answering your first question, they're lined up pretty consistently in the vertical plane. It's awful early days there to look at any parent-child impacts. What I would say is, we're very pleased with the results, both in terms of the returns that they're generating and in terms of the predictability that you see as we plotted against our most recent Woodford infill down in SCOOP and so we'll need a little bit more time to answer the second question, but certainly impressed with what we're seeing, and as you can tell kind of still in the late stages of clean up on those wells also. So, we'll come back to you on that a little bit later.
Mitch Little: Yes, I Neal, I think I would just say broadly, with all of these plays, there is some sort of compositional gradient across the structure and so, as we move around the Woodford, we will see some variability, but we've seen pretty good consistency localized with the results that we published recently. But there will certainly be some variability over time or over the geography and geology there.
Mitch Little: I am happy to provide a little bit of extra color there, Jeff. You know, we in the past had done a single well trial and then a four-well trial where we're looking at the incremental uplift from that. This next phase of the project, which we're implementing this year is a multi-pad deployment of the same techniques and technology. It will provide us on the clarity over the scale that we need to understand what the degree of uplift is. There is certainly large potential in terms of incremental recovery, simulation studies that we've done and that others have done show an uplift in excess of 30% to the EUR and so this will be the proof point for us on that throughout 2019 and in to 2020 and then we'll be able to see where to take the program from there. But this is a program at scale across four pads, like I said.
