Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, maybe I'll take a little bit of that question and then also let Mitch chime in, Doug. First of all, just on cadence, per our plan this year, we are going to have a bit of waiting from a well to sales standpoint in the fourth quarter. So, you should expect to see that as the year plays out. From an overall activity standpoint, we continue to try to maintain a level of activity that optimizes, if you will, the continuity in our crews both on the drilling and the completion side in the Bakken. With the success though that we have seen particularly in the Hector area and certainly and not only the Middle Bakken and the Three Forks, we continue to be very encouraged about what Bakken activity might look like as we begin planning for 2019. And in terms of variability and I'll let Mitch maybe chime in a little bit on that, we are going to see some natural variability across the play as the geology varies. But having said that, I think when you look at the consistent outperformance using our enhanced completion designs, that is very much a common element. And then from an artificial lift perspective, we continue to take full advantage of the best available technology. We think managing the life of the well is equally as important as generating early IP 30s. And so our team and the asset is very focused on how best to optimize using not only ESPs but also other forms of artificial lift. So with that maybe Mitch, if you want to chime in anything else, just on the Three Forks specifically.
Lee M. Tillman: ...clearly we're always focused on how to enhance the reliability of ESPs and we keep a very close watch on mean time between failures, which of course, these are pumps and over time they will have wear and tear on them. And so the further that we can extend that useful life of ESPs, that will obviously cut down on the intervention required from a well work standpoint.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. No, absolutely. Well, first of all, just for absolute clarity on the rig drop in Permian, that was really driven by the excellent work from the Permian D&C teams there that have really captured very really early in our cycle there in Northern Delaware some significant efficiency gains. And what that has translated into is that we could deliver our program which was designed to not only protect our leasehold but also generate learnings as we get into the early kind of appraisal kind of drilling work that we're doing there. And we could do that all and do it with less rigs and match those rigs up with the dedicated frac crew that we're running in the basin. So, that was a great outcome and it's purely efficiency-driven and again matching up with the one dedicated frac crew. We are without a doubt going to achieve all of the objectives there that we set out for 2018 around not only leasehold but also continuing to understand the basin. We had some multi-well pads that we even talked about this quarter. So, that work is all on track.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Yeah. Brian, I think the best way to think about it is first of all on the balance sheet side, I think with all the great work done by the team in 2017, we feel very comfortable with the way we have the balance sheet positioned. When we look at net debt to EBITDAX on a forward-looking basis, we feel very comfortable with how we position that. So, we can kind of I believe set that one to the side. We don't have another maturity until well out in time, 2021, so I think let's just kind of park that one. I think coming back to what are we looking for, I think we've been very consistent in the messaging there which has been around, we want to see sustainable free cash flow being generated from our model before looking at incremental direct return of capital to our shareholders. Now, I say incremental because of course we do still have what within our peer group is still a very competitive dividend that we're paying. I think as we continue to gain that confidence and see this trend, it really started in earnest this quarter with $250 million of organic cash flow and we used organic cash flow because we think that's more indicative of the underlying performance of the business. But as we look at that and gain that confidence and look out in time, I think we're getting more comfortable that we can accommodate not only the needs we have in resource capture, but also looking at options to return directly to shareholders. And as you stated, we have the authorization in place. We are certainly not going to preannounce any execution though against our existing authorization.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think just again to put Elk Creek in a little bit of perspective, it still is a really – it's still a constrained area there. It's not as aerially extensive as what you would see in Hector. But what it does is it continues to confirm our ability to go in and not only predict performance but be successful at delivering against that prediction. I think what we want to think about though is that we have two very key tests coming up in the remainder of the year. One of those is pushing further south in our Hector acreage, more to the south of that place, so we feel very good about the northern part of Hector and feel that we have essentially de-risked that and moved it into the core. But we do have a test to the south and then the other test of course will be in the Ajax area. And both of those tests will be later in the second half of the year.
Lee M. Tillman: No. Not at all. In fact, the reason we wanted to highlight that is just to assure folks that as we see more activity in the basin, as you know, North Dakota continues to their regulatory regime around gas capture that we kept everyone up to speed on our view of that, and that we are not only in full compliance but certainly don't see any impacts on our four development plan there. So, it's really just more competence setting. And I think it's also important too. I know that the state does put out data on flaring and sometimes that can get confused relative to actual compliance. And we wanted to be absolutely clear that we were in full compliance, no impact relative to our forward development there in the Bakken.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. It's kind of distributed out. There's still a bit of an element in the Gulf of Mexico. We still have a couple of small assets in the Gulf that are largely contributing to that bottom line in the North – in the remaining kind of North America production.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think we're kind of in the nits and nats at this point in the U.S. They're smaller, if you will, assets but we'll continue to look to monetize those to the advantage of the shareholder just like we did in the current quarter. And it's just part, as I said in my opening comments, we never view portfolio management as being done. We're constantly looking to upgrade, simplify and concentrate the portfolio and you should expect us to continue to do so.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Hi, Dave. This is Lee. Just – you know, I'll maybe address OBO just in general. It's an element of our business that's particularly relevant in both Oklahoma and Northern Delaware. It's also notoriously one of the more challenging ones for us to predict and build into our modeling as well because you're somewhat reliant on the feedback that you get from the other operators. And of course their plans change, their capital allocation may change, their timing and pace may change. But I think in general what I would say is that we've had to, like many, watch very carefully the OBO spend. And we treat OBO spend just like we would our own operated spend, we're returns-driven. And if we don't see adequate returns, then we will not support those investments. So, with activity increases, there will be a natural bias up in not only operated activity, but also non-operated activity. So, it's just like any element of our business. We're managing it. We're managing it based on returns, and it's fully contemplated in our $2.3 billion capital budget.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I mean, I would say within the $2.3 billion obviously there's been puts and takes throughout the year. OBO is just one element of that but we are going to support higher return opportunities whether they'll be non-operated or operated. And but it has to come in and compete for capital allocation just like any piece of our business. So, no, we're not going to artificially constrain and make poor business decisions.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, certainly the REx opportunity set is much broader than just Austin Chalk. There are numerous opportunities that that team has actively engaged in today. I would point out though that Austin Chalk and Louisiana, it is a unique opportunity in terms of its scale and the entry point there. And so elements of that will be somewhat difficult to replicate in some of the other opportunities, so it is unique in that sense. So as difficult as it is to forecast this part of our business, I would say that the pace of spend certainly that we saw in the first half of the year which was largely dominated by Louisiana Austin Chalk that was a pretty unique opportunity set.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I think that our starting point is we have a – we are very uniquely positioned in EG with that integrated gas infrastructure that we have there. We also know that there is not only the opportunity that we're currently pursuing which is the Alen field and bringing it in as backfill gas. But we know that there's regional gas in the area that ultimately we'll need to find a monetization route. Some of that within EG. Some of it maybe even outside of EG. But geographically this is a very well-positioned asset and infrastructure. We know that the EG government is very keen to continue to progress their role in regional gas development and we're going to support that initiative.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Yeah, Roger. This is Lee. Absolutely, we are focused squarely on the smaller bolt-ons. Larger-scale acquisitions simply are not on our radar screen. We feel that there have been – there are some really unique opportunities in and around our core basins that are in that kind of small bolt-on category. You'll recall that we did one in 4Q in the Northern Delaware. And so, that's the type of opportunity that we're going to continue to look at to – what we'd like to do of course is to continue to take advantage of the amazing execution being delivered by our teams in these core assets and it's going to be hard pressed for others to demonstrate that they can drive more value but we want those, even those smaller acquisitions to come in and compete for capital allocation from a full cycle basis. So, that's the criteria that even those will have to meet to get in through the door.
Lee M. Tillman: So first of all, I want to be really clear. We do not expect to be in a non-consent position on a lot of opportunities. That's not our expectation. I mean, we expect operators are going to bring forward their best opportunities just like we are. But the areas where we have the larger non-operated exposure are Oklahoma and Northern Delaware. Both of those teams have an economic criteria that they test all opportunities against, and then we make a decision on that basis. And also bear in mind that leases may have different terms associated with them too around participation. And so, all of that will factor into our forward-looking decision.
Lee M. Tillman: John, we're – as you know, very, very early days here. We're looking to spud the initial well in later this year. Meaningful results are going to be later in 2019. Clearly, this is an exploration play, and I want to remind everyone of that. So, it's going to take us a bit of time to get our arms around what the data is really telling us. And it is going to be a relatively limited data set even at that point in time. In parallel, we're also participating in a multi-client seismic survey, which is also going to support whatever well results we get. So, the integration of all of that data is ultimately what will decide whether or not this is something that we want to take into more of a development mode.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Well, clearly there in some areas of the Chalk in Louisiana there has been I would say more conventional development that kind of goes back into the kind of the 1990s. But I would say that infrastructure will be one of those areas that we have to focus on initially and ensuring that we get out in front of that. But from a geographic location standpoint I like being close to the Gulf Coast. I like the fact that this is an area where there has been hydrocarbon development in the past. So in that way it's very similar to places like Oklahoma and South Texas where even though we brought in the unconventionals there was a conventional business there that kind of came in before us. And of course we're going to certainly enjoy having indexing more to an LLS basis than somewhere else.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. Certainly the multi-basin model in our opinion offers a lot of advantages but it does require a level of planning and optimization that is different than if you were in a single basin mode. There are a lot of different factors that go in. Obviously, you're getting new performance data each and every day. You're getting new cost data. You're getting new realization data each and every day. So, our planning processes, we have completely overhauled them to reflect the realities of the unconventional plays which means capital allocation is no longer a once a year exercise. It's something that we do in real time. And so, you should expect to see us continue to adjust and flex as we see developments in each of the individual basins. And whether that's some type of dislocation from a realization standpoint or some kind of dislocation even on a cost standpoint, we do have the ability to reflect that in our allocations going forward. There's little doubt though that when you look at somewhere like a Bakken where you've had the combination of both productivity gains, strong realizations, and continued reduction in the cost structure that those barrels are going to be extremely competitive even within our multi-basin model and that's why you see us driving a lot of capital that direction in this year's plan. So, that was our perspective when we started the year. I think the – probably the pleasant surprise for us has been the sheer outperformance of what had traditionally been these non-core areas like Hector and seeing them compete head to head with the Tier 1 inventory that we have across all of our basins.
Lee M. Tillman: Yeah. I mean, I think it varies. I think a lot of kudos to our supply chain group and the operations team's working with them that they have continued to find innovative ways to control our cost structure whether that is looking discreetly at things like local and regional sourcing of materials, including sand. I think the month of June we sourced all of our sand locally in the Permian for instance. So we're looking for instance at continuing to assess ways to broaden our vendor population and open up our services to a broader cross-section of vendors. And we're even considering potentially terming up some element of our activity to ensure that again we not only have the security of well-trained, strongly executing crews but also can potentially lock in some favorable commercial terms.
Lee M. Tillman: Thank you. I want to conclude by thanking all of our dedicated employees and contractors that deliver excellence in all they do 24/7. Welcome again to Guy and certainly thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil. That concludes our call.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Yeah. Sure, Doug. I think Lee covered it at a high level pretty well. What I would say is we've talked about before the tremendous technical database that we have here and the integrated workflow that we've applied on a sub-regional basis to optimize across the play. Lee aptly noted we do see some geologic variation across the play and we've also talked in the past about instilling a culture where we're never satisfied with yesterday's results. So, we still continue to trial various designs which would alter pumping strategy, proppant loading, and diversion technology. And so some of the variability is driven by those trials as we look to optimize on a return basis across the entire play. But in aggregate with the expansion of the core into Hector and now Elk Creek when you look at performance in aggregate being up over 100% since 2016, I feel good about the capability and the commitment of the team there to continue to drive further improvements.
Thomas Mitchell Little: We've got a pretty extensive use of ESPs that we've migrated to over the last few years in the Bakken. We see that as a way to uplift returns through maximizing production through the early phases of the well life. And so I don't – I'm not entirely sure I understand or if I'm answering your question on work over-risk but we've got dozens of ESPs in the ground, longest of which are probably more than three years old or have been in service for more than three years. And so it's a natural part of our business up there is probably how I would characterize it.
Thomas Mitchell Little: Sure. Jamaal, this is Mitch. I might refer you to slide 12 where we kind of highlight the near-term activity in Oklahoma. And you'll note a number of multi-well infill pads down in the SCOOP area, in the general area of the Lightner. We have been talking about for the last couple of quarters this pivot from STACK leasehold protection to a focus on infill development drilling in high confidence areas in the overpressured STACK and SCOOP. We think we've got plenty of running room in and around the Lightner. You see the near-term activity there. I think that Lightner is a really good indicator of the type of deliverability and returns that we would expect from that area. We would expect some variability in oil cut. As we highlighted the Lightner came in above expectations on oil cut but from a returns and deliverability perspective the activity that we've highlighted there for the remainder of 2018 in terms of infill drilling pads should expect similar kind of economic results as we saw in the Lightner.
