David Roberts: Yes, Arjun, this is Dave. And I think you've put your finger on the problem that we've got is right now, the playing field has not settled down. So until we understand where the regulations are going to go, it's very difficult for us to predict what our response to our own business is going to be. Now, we've said consistently this is one of the most valuable provinces in the world because of the fact that it represents one of the most stable and attractive fiscal regimes. And if that changes, then our outlook, relative to that basin, will also have to change because, obviously, we want to protect our shareholders. That being said, we think we continue to believe this is an incredibly important province for the United States in terms of its energy security. We expect whatever hopefully happens out of the government to be reasonable. And our expectation is that we'll continue to be interested in doing business in the Gulf of Mexico, and I wouldn't speculate on what other operators are going to do and what our appetite might be for those opportunities.
David Roberts: Well, I think definitely does, Arjun. I think one of the things that we've said is we have always understood that for cleanup costs that there is a little bit of liability today. And so I think that's one of the things that all of the companies understand very clearly. The issue is the attached liabilities, should there be some sort of mechanism to limit a company's exposure there unless they are indeed found negligent, in which case, again, the cap doesn't apply. So we're going to watch that very carefully. And I think one of the things that we've been involved in directly with our peers is trying to set up mechanisms whereby the industry can come together to not only work on some of the concerns that the government has in terms of prevention and response in the future, but also making sure that this base scenario remains open to a large number of companies through some sort of shared risk mechanism. We think that's very important because we think not only that supermajors and the majors like Marathon have a lot to offer in this basin but obviously, some of the independents do as well.
David Roberts: I think, first of all, I would say that I want to point out that our primary activities in the Gulf of Mexico are not slowing down. Droshky came online in July, and we expect Ozona to be on track for next year as well. So in terms of realtime activities that are going to be immediately value added to our shareholders, it's full speed ahead for us. We, obviously, will be watching, and we'll register the appropriate concerns as we see how this moratorium and potential further extension because it might apply. But clearly, from an exploration discovery to development perspective, we were talking about a five- to seven-year period anyway, and so that's certainly something that we can be slightly more sanguine about if these events were interfering in production activities. We had said previously that we were ramping up in the Bakken. It had nothing to do with the potential reallocation from the Gulf of Mexico. We've added some acreage this year. We're going to six rigs. We've added the fifth. We'll see the sixth here in the next quarter. We're looking at other opportunities as much as other people are, but that's really a part of our business. But clearly, we are focused on Lower 48 liquid activities.
David Roberts: Well, I'll answer the first two. Right now, we're in the middle of a flow back in Droshky. We're repairing a surface separator on the Bullwinkle Platform that interrupted our flow-back tests. I can tell you that the first well, we saw rates of about 20,000 barrels a day. The second well, we saw 22,000 barrels a day. These are growth numbers, and we've got one more well that we're going to run through the test before we see what we expect will be continuous production by the end of the month. So production area's kind of up and down on a day-to-day basis. The Ozona is a well that's basically drilled and temporarily abandoned. So all we have to go back to do now is set subsea tree, which we expect to have delivery on in the next quarter, and then go back in and actually do the completion work. So there's nothing spectacular that's going to have to happen there. Along the way, before it comes on and till what we're projecting in the third quarter really has to do with some timing issues of rig deliveries and also some of the surface modifications that the host operator has to make on the Auger platform. With respect to Angola, PSVM, we think, is on schedule for 2012. And I think we would ask you to direct any questions about future activities to the operator, BP.
David Roberts: Well, Doug, I think what we said consistently is we continually look at our portfolio and adjust it, and we think that we made some strong sales into a strong market. And I don't see this as particularly a rising-tide event where we look to get anything else out [ph] (30:21) the door.
David Roberts: Yes, Evan, I think similar to the comment I made to Arjun, we'll wait and see. I think from my perspective, I don't want to wish any ill luck on anybody about being forced out of say, the Gulf of Mexico. But we would certainly be open to those opportunities because we clearly have the skill set to both explore and develop there. And there's a lot of activity in the asset market. There has been before the recent activities from the company in England. So I think we continue to look at activities to see how they fit with what our core strategies are. And as we see opportunities that work for us, we certainly wouldn't hesitate to execute against it.
David Roberts: I think when we talk about North America, but primarily, our opportunities around the world, the vast majority of them are unconventional. And so it's one of the reasons we're very happy with the learning curve that we've gotten out on the Bakken, because we feel like we can be competitive in any of those space anywhere in the world.
David Roberts: In the $51 million in other, I'll have to get back to you. I don't have the specifics in front of me. But I'll give you a callback.
David Roberts: Well, I think what we said, Faisel, is that we're going to get to 21,000, 22,000 barrels a day in 2013. And I think you'd expect to see that continuing on that normal pace. We've got 175 wells that we've drilled. We can do 50 or 60 a year. The high end side of that would be six rigs. And so I think -- I'm not saying it's exactly linear. But it's not going to be too choppy getting to the 22,000.
David Roberts: Mark, I think that, first of all, we're producing on a gross basis, between 130,000 and 140,000 barrels a day. But I'd like to answer your question in terms of where we see it relative to the 120,000. We're going to continue, at the current rate, this 130,000-ish through this year and the majority of next year, and we will be over the capacity FPSO 2010, 2011, dropping just below that in 2012. So it looks to me to be about a 5% to 8% decline rates, dropping pretty substantially into 2013. So we've got three good years ahead of us.
David Roberts: Yes, we basically have put together what amounts to our data room, and we'll start entertaining people to look at our assets there within the next month. And so it's early days there. Obviously, we're anxious to see the results of some of the offset activity there. Not in a rush because we believe that our position obviously, is quite attractive. But we don't have a timing for when we might expect to announce or even select a partner.
David Roberts: I'll refer you to some of our presentations around passing value, the one we'll draw first is probably -- it's a fairly large closed structure that we think is 1 billion barrel unrisked potential. But there's multiple play types on the acreage because it is a multimillion acre block. And so the Romeo prospect that we drill a little bit later is of a different geological quality. It's not related to the offset exploration activities that have been conducted in the area, which were basically carbonate pinnacles. So it's a very different play type. The rig is on sale to the bubble prospect right now. We'll probably be spreading in gas in the next seven to 10 days. Anticipate these to be two-month wells. And so we'll probably have something to say about it a little bit later this quarter.
David Roberts: Again, because of our very solid Downstream business, we have great relationships. And our people in the basin are doing a great job of being able to handle our crude largely in the basin, and we continue to have a very favorable impact in terms of getting our crude out processed at lesser cost than our competitors.
David Roberts: Paul, when we did that sale, we structured it to have a contingent payment based on when natural gas would actually be produced there. And what we're saying is we think that we're going to realize the end date before production actually occurs. So it has nothing to do with quoting the buyer. It's really how we structure the sale. And that is detailed heavily in our filing.
Douglas Leggate: I have I guess a follow-up on the Upstream and then I guess I have a second Upstream question. If exploration activity in the Gulf is obviously being slowed down, you guys have a bunch of prospects that you are planning to drill this year. How are you reallocating the capital? And can you maybe frame how the Bakken activity levels might feature in terms of how you might reallocate some of your expenditure? And I've got a follow-up, please.
Douglas Leggate: My follow-up, Dave, is also an Upstream question and more project-specific. Can you confirm if the Ozona has its subsea work completed? Can you give us the current production at Droshky? And finally, we're hearing that the subsea trees have [ph] (27:33) potentially a second development in Angola have already been put out to bid. If you could give us some idea as to how you see the time line for the next development in Angola after PVSM (sic) [PSVM]? That would be great.
Douglas Leggate: I guess what was the guts of my question was, can you tell me how you've changed your crude slate with the Garyville expansion online, given where light/heavy differentials or sweet/sour differentials have gone and how that's likely to continue let's say, through the third quarter? Any guidance on the crude slate would be great.
Gary Heminger: Doug, let's say on Garyville, the Refinery has operated -- the new part of the plant has operated very, very well, and it has exceeded our expectations in all of the operating components. And when you look at the first quarter and you look at yields versus demand really against all the plants, it's very hard to really glean from the information that's out there the yields by plant. And it really comes down to the asphalt in the recent markets. All of our plants ran very, very well. But as you can expect, there are some markets where maybe asphalt yields were cut back a little bit just because of economics versus some other plants where we may have ran asphalt a little bit harder. But all in all, I would say, Garyville has ran exceptionally well. All the plants are in good shape. But just based on certain markets, we have trimmed back some of our yield components.
Gary Heminger: Paul, as you would understand, we're still working through all of the transaction, working through all the due diligence. And we have not been able, nor yet are we prepared to separate how much is working capital and how much are our assets. We'll certainly expect us as we proceed on late third quarter, early fourth quarter, that we should be able to finalize this transaction and then be able to share that with you.
Gary Heminger: Yes, this is Gary. Everyday, we run our economics per plant to determine what the economics are versus our alternative. And you're right, in the second quarter here, we did run very well, about 101% or so of utilization, so had a strong quarter. As I mentioned earlier, I believe it was on Doug Terreson's question, of course, we look each and every day and week at the yields of different products to determine what would give us the best economic return. But that's how we have run historically, and that's certainly how we plan to run in the future.
Gary Heminger: St. Paul, along with almost an 80,000 barrel per day plant, 166 convenience store operating units and a crude pipeline, that supports the refinery, we have always looked at this as a very strong niche asset, but not a strategic asset. When you look at, I've mentioned several times, how we operate our facilities, we really operate the other six refineries as one unit. And because of our very strong logistics systems, we can move crude feedstocks, refined product into the refineries, out to the terminals, using our pipelines, using our marine facilities, and then into our retail network. When we made the decision on investing to run heavier crude in the Midwest, we've made that decision to upgrade Detroit. So that is our long-term strategic decision because that refinery being the only refinery in the State of Michigan, really complements all of our operations across the rest of Marathon's Downstream. So we made that decision, as I said, to invest in Detroit and then left us to look at our strategy and decided to move forward and sell the St. Paul assets.
Gary Heminger: Faisel, we do not ever release our benefit from ethanol down to that level. So I'm sorry, I can't share that with you.
Gary Heminger: This is Gary. I would say we're still at the bottom of the down cycle. It's been seen in the press recently, a couple of plants have struggled to find buyers and we're very pleased with a very high-quality plant and the high-quality retail assets with our St. Paul Park plant. We're very pleased that, that transaction is proceeding forward. But I would say it still appears to be kind of a bottom of the market.
Gary Heminger: Sure, Doug. This is Gary. In fact, it's probably a little bit contra in what it would affect. And it's just because of the yield of the products. Once you fill out the croaker, then you switch to a different slate, if the asphalt markets are not returning good-enough economics for you to run heavier crudes. So as I say, when you look at on a -- and this is on a total basis, but we ended up running 56.4% sour crudes in Q2 versus almost 54% Q2 of '09. So our sour crude throughputs were up a little bit. But that's going to be offset by running more LLS than -- historically, we've run very little LLS at Garyville. But again, just the yield pattern and the demand patterns, give us better economics to run more LLS that would be to run heavier crudes, once you filled up the coaker.
Clarence Cazalot: And Paul, this is Clarence. No change from what we said before, Paul, that back in February '09, we said we were going forward as an integrated company. And that's the way we are managing the business today. So no change.
Clarence Cazalot: Well, I wish I knew. We'll see as the wells come on, Paul. But I think the view for us is that we will probably get to a peak rate in the next 30 to 90 days. I wish I could narrow it down. But again, as I've said in these calls before, if the wells tell you how you could get there, and I think what we're expecting is it will be able to have a peak probably for the better part of two quarters. And then I would expect you'd see a pretty normal Gulf of Mexico decline, in excess of 10% from there.
Clarence Cazalot: No, it's a single stream of production. I think the only thing that -- we're expecting a pretty significant contribution from Droshky. I think for the quarter, we're just saying that the load-up of it from the flowback could be 30 days, could be 60 days. And so that's why you're seeing the variance in the guidance. But there is no difference from gas and oil here. It's a single stream.
