Lee Tillman: Yes. well, first of all, good morning and apologies to everyone for the technical difficulties hopefully we're back on track. You're exactly right, Arun. I think that the re-authorization to the $1.5 billion mark by the board signals a strong intent for us to continue to deploy free cash flow into share repurchases. And again, fundamentally it's driven by the returns that we see there based on the current valuation of our share price. It's something that we'll continue to look at over time. We continue, of course, to have a dividend yield sitting around 1.5% which is very competitive within our direct peer group. I think on your broader question about the market and where things are valued currently, I think, first of all, you have to recognize that might be the value from a market perspective, but in terms of what might actually transact could be very, very different from that. We remain very focused, though, as we always have been in those core -- our four core areas looking for those unique opportunities that fit our acreage position hand in glove. So we're very mindful of small bolt-ons and as well as trades that can continue to help to build out our position, make it more contiguous increase our working interest, give us more optionality for a longer laterals. So that is front and center and I think as we continue to see this dislocation in the market. We want to be opportunistic and I think that's one of the reasons that we want to continue to protect the strength of our balance sheet, such that we can be opportunistic and that we can act quickly if the correct opportunity, in fact, does present itself.
Lee Tillman: I'll start off by just saying that first, we remain fully compliant with the gas capture requirements in the state of North Dakota and we don't expect any impact going forward on our business plans or the associated oil production. I can't comment on the issues that other operators may be having I think everyone has a unique position in the basin. It is a little frustrating for us though to perhaps be painted with the same brush. I think we have established a pretty strong credibility in the Bakken on delivering against our commitments there. When you look at almost any metric, it's hard not to argue that we have a very unique position there as a best in basin operator. So, we continue to see the Bakken as a key element of our portfolio. I think you saw that performance this quarter sequentially Bakken oil was up nominally low over 10%. So it's all about planning your business and getting ahead of the curve on some of these things that could in fact the bottlenecks in the future. And so, our team is very diligent about assessing our takeaway and our ability to -- again, to be fully compliant with the regulations there and I think that planning has put us in a very good stead.
Lee Tillman: Let me maybe start off with just some high-level commentary about cadence in general, we generally tend to talk about that more at and a portfolio level. Brian and then perhaps I'll let Mitch just chime in with a little bit more color on the Eagle Ford itself. We are spot on our development capital budget halfway through the year. We always communicated that we were going to be a bit front-end weighted from a wells to sales standpoint. But I also want to stress that gross Company-operated wells to sales is not necessarily a perfect proxy for development capital spend. And as we look forward into the second half of the year, we know that there are going to be some factors as we look into the second half of the year, including, of course, the fact that we're going to see a little bit longer lateral links. We're going to see a little bit higher working interest in some of our key basins. So that will be impacting it. Also, we are trending toward the -- I would say the upper end of our overall wells to sales guidance. Additionally, even the wells to sales are down in the second half of the year, actually drilling activity is increasing and specifically, we've added a rig in the Bakken. So there are a lot of factors that go into the second half of the yea Development capital spend. I would also though from a momentum standpoint point you to our guidance from a production volumes perspective and just say when you look at our 3Q guidance now in addition to our full-year guidance, it should become I think pretty straightforward that we continue to grow strongly 2Q to 3Q and, of course, going into 4th quarter that volumetric guidance moderates a bit, but we're finishing the year very, very strong and with our activity as designed. We expect to carry quite a bit of operational momentum and capital efficiency into 2020. Perhaps, I'll turn it over. Mitch, just to maybe make a few comments just about the performance and the Eagle Ford, which quite frankly has been pretty extraordinary this quarter.
Lee Tillman: I think when we talk about continuing to improve and enhance our resource base. We always talk about it in terms of really there's three buckets there that we are pursuing and investing in the first of those is organic enhancement and we've talked a lot about that aspect in both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. The second element is really around small bolt-ons and trade. Some of the things that we're doing in Northern Delaware, for instance. And then the third element, like you said, is in fact our resource play exploration program, it's that program for us. Offers the ability to get in at to greenfield leasing positions at a cost that allows us to really generate those outsized full cycle returns. But it does require constancy of purpose in a commitment, both in terms of talent as well as a financial resource. We continue to talk about the REx program is being nominally a couple of hundred million dollars a year that's going to ebb and flow as activities and opportunities present themselves. Some years we may see heavier spend and exploration drilling and seismic, other years it may be more biased toward leasing, which was exactly the case that we saw last year as we established our position and the Louisiana Austin Chalk. But it's obviously a bit early to talk about 2020 budget. But I think the guidance that we provided this year around the REx program going forward that it's a much more ratable couple of hundred million dollars a year that still consistent with our current thinking.
Lee Tillman: Our fundamental principle and we, of course, have had this dialog with our Board as well is really wrapped around our share repurchases are going to be governed by our ability to generate organic free cash flow. We are not going to spend money on share repurchases that we have not earned. And we also believe that dollar averaging and taking advantage of that overtime is the appropriate way to execute against a share repurchase program. So you should expect us to the extent that we are generating free cash flow, that we're going to put that to work in our share repurchase program, but it is going to be governed by organic free cash flow generation.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I can probably give some directional views on that, we can't give specifics today on exactly the impact that will have on EBITDAX, but what you should expect is that we're going to continue to give full transparency on the financial delivery out of the EG assets so that it's very clear what that asset is doing within the broader portfolio. And even though it is a long life, low decline asset, meaning the Alba field itself with the addition of the Atlanta arrangement, which is a combination of tolling and profit sharing. There is certainly an opportunity to continue to drive financial performance there even off the back of non-equity molecules. And as we've stated before. We believe that the arrangement that we have with Aland [Phonetic] is simply a first step, a fully leveraging that extremely valuable infrastructure that we have sitting on Bioko Island, which of course, is a gas plant, methanol plant LNG plant storage loading etc. And we believe that it will in fact fulfill the promise of kind of a natural aggregation point for both regional and local gas in that area, which will continue to bring additional profitability to the EG asset.
Lee Tillman: Well, I think you rightly point out Doug that the first step is sustainable generation of free cash flow and let's be honest we are not an industry that's been doing that on a regular basis. I mean, this is our 6th quarter of achieving that because you can't have a conversation about returning cash to shareholders unless you're actually generating free cash flow. So the first step is having a model -- a business model in a portfolio that consistently and sustainably delivers that free cash flow yield, once you get your yield to where you are competitive, then you're simply talking about the best mechanism to deliver that cash back to shareholders. Today, we very much favor the share repurchase because of the volatility in the market and where we sit from a value perspective on our shares, relative to our, I'll say, our own internal NAV calculations. So we truly believe that with our returns first had on that is the right answer for shareholders. That split, that mix between dividend and share repurchase is something that we will continue to assess each and every quarter and we'll look at it and make a thoughtful decision about how to continue to balance that mix. Today again, we're sitting at about 1.5% yield on the dividend, we think that is truly competitive within the peer group, it's clearly part of your cost structure moving forward in time. So you have to be very mindful, and patient about how you continue to ramp into the dividend, but at the end of the day, I believe that our ability to essentially return over 90% of our free cash flow back to shareholders in one form or another, that's really the most important metric. And I will also emphasize that return of cash to shareholders is a metric on my scorecard as well.
Lee Tillman: I think -- at that stage, I think that's a very valid consideration it's clearly going to be based on what we see in the market and, and do we have that sustainability to take that step forward in the dividend? But yes, I mean, it's absolutely on the table as part of the mix. It's just today it's -- we saw the returns are so overwhelming for us on the flip side of that equation. And then you factor in the inherent volatility of the forward curve, right now and I think it just lends itself to the share repurchase as the best mechanism to get value back to our shareholders.
Lee Tillman: Yeah, we'll certainly -- that contract and that agreement was put in place at a time --at a different time. So I don't want to go back and hindsight that but what I will say is it going forward as that agreement runs its course, we absolutely can go out and get full market exposure and we think through that we'll have the opportunity to continue to enhance the profitability of the EG asset.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Well, absolutely, which is going to be all about returns for us and how we allocate and just maybe as a little bit of a reminder backing up to our original budget allocation that we talked about earlier in the year just recall 60% of our development capital is going to the Eagle Ford and the Bakken about 40% to Northern Delaware and Oklahoma. Having said that, our original Oklahoma program was really designed to concentrate activity in the oilier parts of both the STACK and the SCOOP because those offer the advantage of more competitive returns. In addition, this kind of targeted development also allowed us to really bear down on completed well cost to continue to enhance our capital efficiency and we've demonstrated that case in point. The print that we just made on the completed well costs for the last two STACK Meramec pads where we are getting these wells done for basically $6.3 million. And so as we kind of take that and even look at the second half of the year, our Oklahoma activity again is going to be overwhelmingly concentrated in the oilier areas of the play, including the Springer. And again, that is all driven by our returns orientation in our view is those opportunities obviously compete head to head with the other aspects of our portfolio. When I don't believe anticipated some of the headwinds in the secondary products which for certain of the phase windows and Oklahoma do, in fact, have a pretty significant issue, but I just point to this and say, this is part of our multi-basin advantage if we see the need to move capital, we have a lot of flexibility to do so.
Lee Tillman: I think, David, first of all, I think with our very extensive portfolio transformation and what we believe is a differentiated position in the four best US resource plays, large scale M&A is not really a consideration for us nor is it really required for forward success. So I think that multi-basin model gives us a lot of competitive advantages that we've talked about before. So the hard work for us, particularly with the exit from the UK and Kurdistan the hard work on the portfolio is really behind us not in front of us. And we believe the right approach as we again look to continue to enhance and grow our resource base going forward is the one that I've already addressed, which is, it really comes into looking at enhancing what we already have, which could be elevating the economics or even adding incremental sticks and our in the basins that we currently operate. But it's also looking at smaller accretive bolt-ons that fit within the our kind of core basins as well as trades, even lease sales like we participated in, in New Mexico last year. And then finally, the third element of that is really our REx program which albeit it's risk money we have to get out there and expose some money from a lease standpoint on things that are truly exploration. There are no guarantees in it, but we think we've got the right approach there and that we will generate success there as well. So I think the bottom line is we've got a very comprehensive strategy in place to continue to replenish and improve our resource base. And that does not require really large scale M&A.
Lee Tillman: I think, first of all, it obviously is highly dependent upon the commodity price environment that we find ourselves in, I think that our focus on continuing to drive our enterprise breakeven down as low as we can and really having that mindset of continuing to drive that breakeven even lower. It gives us that headroom to continue to operate to meet all of those needs to generate free cash flow across a very broad range of commodity price outcomes. And then we can redeploy that as we see fit between not only returns back to shareholders but also funding some of these accretive opportunities and Resource Capture which could be rec some years, could be bolt-on some years and it's just really striking that balance and selecting the best opportunities. So we're going to have the most meaningful impact on our business.
Lee Tillman: Yeah, well, certainly the way I would think about, Jamal, is that directionally, certainly and in some of our basins where we do have relatively high capital allocation We are going to see materially higher working interest in those basins, so that does make a difference. And again I don't want to get into basin by basin specifics and we can certainly follow up with you on that. But that is a driver, I would also remind you that beyond working interest in lateral link the fact that we have been very efficient, and we are trending toward the higher end of our wells to sales will also be an element of that as well.
Lee Tillman: Certainly, it's a metric that we watch very closely because of that is our high-value product. That's what's really the key to delivering our financial outcomes. So I would say, directionally we're going to continue to try to keep that if not flat certainly improving over the second half of the year, particularly in those basins, like you said, in Oklahoma, where we have a well-mix that is going to allow us to drive a little bit more oil cut. In places like obviously the Bakken to some extent, the oil cut is relatively fixed regardless of the well mix. And Eagle Ford, however, as you pointed out, as we continue to do more and up-dip Atascosa County as well as Gonzales there is the opportunity to continue to move that toward a higher oil cut.
Lee Tillman: Yeah, well, certainly. First of all Jeanine, we manage our assets as a portfolio, not as individual assets. All of our assets have the capability to cycle between growth and higher free cash flow generation each of them have that implicit flexibility. So we start our capital allocation process with a view of driving a rate of change in our corporate-level returns. The next really objective is to drive sustainable free cash flow on a conservative price deck and then quite frankly the oil growth that pops out of that is an outcome, not an objective. And so I would just say that it's a bit too early for us to give specifics around 2020. But I would just emphasize that all of the basins can make that flex and it's really going to be around delivering our financial metrics on how we actually allocate capital within those 4 basins. Some like for instance this year Eagle Ford is a great example of the year where we generally speaking managed Eagle Ford relatively flat. So it was in a very high free cash flow generation mode. In the case of Bakken for instance, it was being managed to growth but was also generating significant free cash flow. And so each of the basins will have a particular role based on what we need to drive our financial outcomes at an enterprise level. So I would say there is no -- I'd say, rule in effect on when we're trying to get a given basin to some terminal production or plateau level.
Lee Tillman: I think what I would say on that Jeanine is that what we have tried to focus on is really driving our enterprise breakeven as low as practical, such that we can operate across the broadest spectrum of commodity prices, while still generating sustainable free cash flow. I mean we're well sub 50 in terms of our enterprise breakeven this year and with that sub 50 enterprise breakeven. We're still growing our overall MRO Oil by 10% and our US Oil by 12%. So I think it's, obviously, it's an optimization process but it starts with the financial objectives first and foremost.
Lee Tillman: The way I would think about level is that when you look across our asset base -- the strong free cash flow generators are Bakken, Eagle Ford and EG all of those are contributing strongly to free cash flow generation, because Oklahoma still early in the development cycle. It is still probably a little bit of a cash-taker to neutral. And then, of course, Northern Delaware still being on the delineation and appraisal phase is at this point, still cash flow negative as we continue to build the base production and gain of scale there.
Lee Tillman: Well, I'll maybe make an opening comment then let Dane jump in. First of all, we're very pleased that we were the first split rated E&P company to get upgraded. Then, we, subsequent to the Moody's upgrade, we got an S&P upgrade from triple B-minus to triple B which has strengthened our investment grade rating. Obviously, that brings benefits to it that we can now enjoy. But for us we don't do things in order to necessarily drive ratings, we tried to do the right things to drive the business and we look at key metrics like net debt to EBITDAX that really help us determine the overall health of our balance sheet and we're also looking to make sure that we maximize the flexibility that we have. But I'll maybe let Dane jump in and throw anything else that he would like.
Lee Tillman: I would maybe, also add that we took a lot of balance sheet action back in 2017. I think we're a little bit ahead of the curve there. We took out quite a bit of gross debt really reduced our interest cost, etc. all of that contributes to the strength of our balance sheet as well as to our enterprise breakeven. And so we got well out in front I think of the balance sheet question because we knew that financial flexibility was going to be important in the kind of forward commodity environment.
Lee Tillman: Thank you. We recognize that investors have choices and we appreciate your interest in Marathon Oil. Execution excellence leads the way in our company and I want to personally thank all of our dedicated employees and contractors who deliver on that mandate each and every day quarter in and quarter out. Thank you and that concludes our call.
