Lee Tillman: Yes, absolutely, Arun. Well first of all I think we have to recognize that current environment is extremely dynamic and we're going to have to continue to be responses just as we have been in the first part of the year and we have that flexibility. What we've tried to do is provide a little bit of an underlying kind of production framework as well as some incremental color on our wells to sales to help guide people in terms of our production trajectory. Clearly, our strategy is to high-grade our capital to the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. We are focused on value and returns obviously not volumes. With though, the 2Q pause in activity which in our view is the appropriate response to very weak pricing, we just don't see investing right now into an oversupplied market as a good solution. With that pause, it's very reasonable to expect that we will have somewhat of a third quarter production trough in our 2020 profile. But from that point forward, we're going to have pretty ratable CapEx through the second half of the year. But with that, our wells to sales are actually concentrated in the fourth quarter, particularly in the Eagle Ford. So, as we exit 2020, our view is that we will see an improving trend in production volumes in fourth quarter, again leveraging this very strong base of core capital-efficient production in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. In terms of margins obviously, we watch that very carefully particularly as it pertains to some of the ongoing discussion around curtailment. But as we look at the forward curve today and the differentials as we understand them in the two basins of interest the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, we feel very good about the level of reinvestment that we plan to put back to work starting in the third quarter and then continuing on into the fourth quarter.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. I'll maybe say a few things and then ask Dane to jump in as well. You're right, we have had a very strong commitment and Arun as you know a track record of delivery on return of cash to shareholders. But that's always been predicated and governed by our ability to generate sustainable free cash flow. We've always said that, we aren't going to spend money that we haven't earned and that includes our shareholder returns. And so as painful as it was to temporarily suspend both the dividend and the share repurchase program, prioritizing liquidity balance sheet strength in this current very uncertain environment was absolutely the right answer for all shareholders. Nothing has changed in our strategy. We have to obviously though see a point in time where we have much better visibility on what that sustainable free cash flow generation is going to look like. And you should expect us again to start with the objectives of returns and sustainable free cash flow with volumetric simply being an outcome. And once we start seeing that free cash flow, obviously, we have a lot of optionality with what we use that for. And maybe I'll let Dane jump in a little bit on that point.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Well, first of all good morning. Obviously -- first of all, let's just talk at a high level about curtailments. Sensibly for us any curtailment decision that we take right now is purely economic driven. And for us that means that we look at the variable cash cost and obviously realized pricing within that basin, which of course would include the differentials. And so to the extent that we make that decision, it is a decision that should be at a minimum neutral but hopefully positive with respect to cash flow. So setting the volumes impact to the side the financial impact of curtailment done correctly should be relatively small. So I just wanted to say that upfront. Thus far, both of our key basins where we have significant oil production, the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, we clearly are watching the differentials there as well as the market prices very carefully. We have been able to, obviously, because of our low variable cost clear that hurdle in those basins thus far generally speaking. But we continue to watch price discovery as we market our June barrels. And we have the flexibility, but it's really at our choice and it will be an economic choice that we would make. To date we just haven't done much of it because it hasn't been the right thing to do from a cash flow perspective. But certainly we want to preserve that flexibility. In terms of just general -- our general approach to marketing and maybe the flexibility, maybe I just may ask Pat to offer a few comments on that.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I mean just maybe as a reminder of some of the points that I made in my opening remarks, some really great work by the teams on really attack -- I mean, we came as this crisis unfolded, our perspective was we were going to pull every lever that we had available. I mean, we wanted to really get in there and again exercise the control on the aspects of our business that are important to really impacting our breakeven cost. And the cost structure was a key element of that. And it's been a track record for us over time as well. This was just, I think, a catalyzing event for us. As I stated in my remarks, we expect about $350 million of annualized cost reductions and we will achieve that annualized run rate essentially at the end of this year. That's about 40% of that cash cost savings is what we would consider to be fixed cost so that's the part that we would be able to carry forward with us into 2021, regardless of where volumes and pricing find themselves. So those variable elements will continue to move around. We do expect though, even though, we don't expect to see the full value of those savings until end of year, we still expect to capture about $260 million of that $350 million in 2020. Obviously, an element of that was in our production expense category. An element of that was also in our G&A category. We've already talked about some of the broad workforce actions that we're taking, some of the salary reduction actions that we're taking at the officer and the Board level. All of that combined contributed to this annualized corporate G&A expense savings of about 17% relative to 2019. So pretty significant savings and really a reset on our G&A run rate going forward and that's sustainable. We don't expect that obviously to be impacted in a future price environment. So those are savings that we have irrespective of what the recovery might look like.
Lee Tillman: Yes Brian. I'm probably not going to get in at a basin level because a lot of those declines are so dependent upon what your starting point is and what the investment levels were that are right in front of that. If you have a very large obviously growth wedge you're going to see those one and two year declines really dominating things. But what I will say, is that the reason we provided that underlying guidance of nominally that 8% decline was to give you at least a feel for the portfolio view of what was occurring in the basins particularly, as we go to essentially concentrated activity only in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. But I would just say in general as we look at industry data, the base level declines across all four of our basins are not dissimilar to what you would see from other industry players. In terms of mitigating the base decline, it's actually a concept that we haven't dealt with recently right? I mean, this has been an industry that generally has been in some type of growth mode at least for the recent history. But it does amplify some of the things that we have invested in. And maybe I'll let Mitch and/or Mike just throw in a little bit of what our asset teams are doing to really help us mitigate and protect what are our most valuable barrels.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I think we've always talked about a portfolio of things that we want to do to continue to enhance our resource base. It's uplift and organic enhancement in our existing basins. It's small scale and very selective bolt-ons and acquisitions. And then of course as you mentioned Brian it's the REx program as well. But in terms of large-scale M&A again that's just not something we're not spending time on today. It's -- right now it's very much an inward focus to make the company as strong as possible in this period of very high uncertainty and volatility. We came into this crisis in a very good position. And we want to exit also in a very strong position. So, right now, I mean the types of things that Mitch just described in the operations that's where we're spending our time on the things that we have control over the money we spend how we spend it how efficient we run our operations optimizing day-to-day production and capacity that's where our efforts are. But we do see a point in time as we get back to that stronger commodity price and more stability having the access to free cash flow to continue to drive those other aspects of resource capture. Those haven't gone away. They're not lost opportunities in that sense. And so we just have to be patient until again our financials give us the flexibility to continue to pursue those areas.
Lee Tillman: Yes, well, obviously, base decline is obviously quite important right now as we model the business. And clearly we can get in some basin-specific discussions if you want to reach out to Guy and the guys to have that dialogue. But I would just say Neal in general at a high level there's nothing anomalous in what we have observed in base decline from our more mature basins to even our less mature basins. As you know we're still relatively early in the development of our Northern Delaware position. So, it's at a little bit different stage of development than say what we have for instance in the Eagle Ford we're operating some 1800 wells there. So all of these assets are a little bit different point in time. And so you will see a little variability in their base decline based on the vintage and the legacy of the production that underpins them. So, I'm not trying to avoid your question. I'm just saying that there are a lot of factors and it's very difficult to give a straight-up answer because it really depends on where you are in that asset's maturity and what the preceding investment cycle has looked like in that asset. But I would say there's nothing anomalous in any of those basins as we observe today.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well first of all on -- I'll maybe hand over to Dane talk a little bit about cash conservation and how we think about cash in just a moment. But on the curtailment question, just first of all start -- our starting point is our most economic barrels are flowing barrels. And we have -- across our U.S. portfolio, our kind of average variable cash cost is $5 or a little less than $5 across that portfolio. So in essence to really have an impact on cash flow -- negative impact on cash flow, you would have to see realizations. Obviously, that would drop below those cash costs. Otherwise those flowing barrels are the barrels that you want to keep online. And that would absolutely be our strategy Now if we see barrels that start becoming a negative drag on our cash flow then we would take a different set of options. And as Pat described, we have a tremendous amount of flexibility should we elect to use it. But it's really at our election and that will be done on an unhedged cash consideration basis. Again, just because you have financial hedge instruments in place, doesn't give you the license to kind of make bad decisions or destroy capital. I mean to me those are independent decisions. And so economic curtailment is something that is front and center. We have the tools in place at a basin level. If we see excursions that drive those into negative territory, you should expect us to take action. So with that maybe I'll let Dane just say a few words about cash and uses of cash going forward and how we might scale into that.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Scott, this is Lee. Yes just maybe let me -- obviously, we haven't done detailed business planning for 2021. And so this is a little bit of a theoretical exercise, but maybe just let me share a few thoughts on that. If we think about the activity level that we're going to carry into fourth quarter for the Eagle Ford and Bakken, which is still a relatively modest level of activity. If we project that activity and essentially look to maintain U.S. oil production kind of in those fourth quarter kind of levels, we expect that we could do that for something on the order of $1 billion or less in 2021. And that would have a corresponding breakeven probably a bit south of $40. So just to maybe frame that up and again I'm not promoting that we're moving to maintenance capital in 2021. I'm just trying to give you a little bit of a benchmark that if we just extended that production held it relatively flat from that improving fourth quarter, again we'd be kind of in that $1 billion capital range and we could deliver that program well below $40.
Lee Tillman: I, maybe, would just emphasize one other thing though and I've said this once and I just want to reiterate it. Financial hedges, financial instruments are not a license to destroy capital and drilling programs that don't make returns. I mean, we can take the gains from our financial instruments and still be very disciplined in the investment space to be focused on returns. And just as I look, particularly, here in the near term, we have an oversupplied market. U.S. supply needs to come down. Returns are certainly subpar in the current environment. Building more capacity and investing in more capacity for us in the near-term simply does not make economic sense from a return standpoint. It doesn't mean that we can't take advantage of the financial returns from our hedge book, but you should expect us to be very disciplined on the capital reinvestment side.
Lee Tillman: Well, yes, I think from an investment criteria standpoint, I think, we've already addressed that to some extent, Scott, which is, first and foremost, we're not going to invest money into new capacity until the returns justify it. We've talked about already our extremely low variable costs. We've talked about some of the things that we're doing in our fixed cost structure as well. So we continue to, in essence, uplift the economics across our portfolio. But the combination of needing adequate return to help drive our corporate level returns, plus the need to fund that through free cash flow generation probably says to really amplify beyond say basic maintenance levels of capital investment, you're going to need to be kind of pushing in the $40 range at least, because one, you'll be creating higher returns; two, you'll be creating financial flexibility from free cash flow that you can then make a decision on whether that gets reinvested back in the business or is it used in other places.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Paul if I could also just jump in for just a minute. I would just say, we've always had kind of a midterm objective of reducing our gross debt. That's always been an internal objective for us. I think the current crisis has probably amplify the need to really be mindful of your debt load. I mean, I think we should expect that we're in somewhat probably of a range-bound commodity that's going to have a lot of volatility. And within that model that would tend to drive you toward a little bit more emphasis on debt reduction. But I fully agree with Dane that we have a lot of flexibility. These are not mutually exclusive options. I think we would start staging into investment and establishing a solid base of production to drive our EBITDA. And then I think all the options open up again at that point.
Lee Tillman: Yes. No, I've got it Paul. Yes, I think what I would say on that is that before our original budget if you recall was still 70% Bakken and Eagle Ford, 30% essentially Northern Delaware and Oklahoma. And that was largely driven by our views of commodities. Black oil was being highly rewarded and generated our highest returns. Basins that had more reliance on secondary product pricing like gas and NGLs were certainly at more of a deficit. And hence, the capital allocation that you saw even in our original plan. As that has continued to materialize obviously the capital efficiency that exists in the Bakken the Eagle Ford made it kind of our first stop from a capital allocation standpoint. But as we look forward into a more normalized environment, and certainly, if we see for instance as we see the oil supply response, if that also translates into a gas supply response that strengthens gas prices as well as potentially secondary products like NGLs then certainly that would be an impetus to reevaluate places like Oklahoma and Northern Delaware and they become much more competitive than with more of the pure black oil plays that we have in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. So it's all going to be driven by returns that's going to always be at the center of our capital allocation, but those relative product valuations do change how we think about that allocation going forward. So, I'd like to think that maybe we'll see some structural strengthening in the gas complex for instance and that will clearly favor some of the other opportunities in our broader portfolio.
Lee Tillman: Thank you. I could not be more proud of the dedication of our people that have adapted to these largely uncharted waters we're navigating. They continue to fulfill our mission of delivering affordable, reliable, accessible energy the world needs today and that it will need when the economy gets back to work. Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil.
Dane Whitehead: Yeah. Thanks Lee. Arun, obviously, dividend suspension is the decision not taken lightly. We really want to understand the duration of this price downturn and it doesn't feel like a great time to be borrowing money to pay dividends. But as Lee said in his opening comments, we want to come out of this help giving you with great financial flexibility. And we're pulling the levers to position ourselves to do that. Definitely view this as a temporary suspension. As we get into a more normalized world and we're in a line of sight to free cash flow, obviously, we're going to have some decisions to make as it relates to capital activity levels, leverage and returning cash to shareholders. And those are the trade-offs we'll make over time as we get back into a more normal world. We would look forward to being in a position to make those decisions.
Dane Whitehead: Yes, Neil. Obviously, we come into this in a really good position from a liquidity perspective with $3.8 billion. $800 million of that is cash. I think Lee noted the levers we pulled that we just talked about have reduced our free cash flow breakeven price by $5 to $6 a barrel, which is pretty dramatic in a good way. And we -- even at forward curve we'll be free cash flow breakeven in Q4. I would say pretty close to that for the full second half at the forward curve. So that has been a very significant focus for us and will continue to be. Certainly, if we see negative realizations anticipated in certain areas that would drive curtailment decisions. So I think I'll just leave it at that.
Dane Whitehead: Yes. Hi. This is Dane. I'll take a first cut at that. I would -- like I mentioned earlier our options as we get back to free cash flow will be a modest increase in capital spending, which to the extent that we do that we would certainly not outspend cash flow, but it makes sense to do some of that to rebuild our cash flow base our EBITDA base. Beyond that this is kind of an environment, we've been talking about this for a while now where lower leverage is probably a better thing to do in the future E&P model given the volatility and unexpected movements, we've seen in commodity markets over the past say five years, and so that's an option too. I guess to that end let me just touch on that since we haven't talked about it, we don't have any maturities, debt maturities until late November 2022. So there's nothing pressing there, but we've got some tools in the toolkit including $400 million of muni debt capacity, tax-free debt capacity that we hold in treasury that we can utilize to refinance a portion of that 2022 maturity. We've also kind of taken advantage of these historically low interest rates by legging into some port starting interest rate swaps associated with our 2022 and 2025 maturity and we're in those at sub 1%. And for 2022, we've got $500 million in notional value hedge and for the 2025, it's $250 million. So -- for -- the ability to refinance very economically a portion of those next maturities is there for us. And in a free cash flow environment, we could also think about deleveraging. And then, of course, return to shareholders is really important in our model. So reinstating our dividend at some point makes -- certainly makes sense. I don't think any of these three things, I've talked about are mutually exclusive. They can be done in combination. And just rest assured we'll be really thoughtful and we'll do those things in what we think -- feel is the right sequence, but also not be too rash and put the firm at risk in case we have another downturn.
