Gary Heminger: The first quarter of 2010 was a challenging quarter for us financially, but very successful from an operational standpoint. We were able to complete the integration of all of our Garyville major-expansion operations with the existing Garyville refinery. And I am pleased to report that all the GME units are operating as expected at this time. In addition, as a result of the completion of the GME, we have started to sell some of our increased Garyville light-products production internationally. While disintegration of the GME units was underway during the first quarter, we also completed a significant planned maintenance program at the base Garyville refinery. The centerpiece of this planned maintenance involved a 125,000 barrels-per-day Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit, which recently completed a record seven-year run between turnarounds. While we had the FCCU down for maintenance, we also took this opportunity to do some additional maintenance work on this unit to improve its overall reliability. In addition to the Garyville maintenance activities, we also completed a planned entire plant turnaround at our Texas City refinery during the quarter. And finally, we also started a major maintenance program at our Catlettsburg refinery in March, which was completed in April, as planned.  In total, we’ve performed all of these major maintenance activities under budget in the first quarter. And at the current time, all these refineries are operating as expected.  Turning now to more current events. On the supply and demand front, we have seen improvement in distillate sales throughout our marketing area in March and April. While the increases has been modest, we believe that drop in demand for distillate has bottomed and expect gradual improvement in demand the rest of 2010. Speedway SuperAmerica also has experienced increased same-store gasoline sales for approximately 1% here in April.  Thank you, and now I'll turn it back to Howard.
Gary Heminger: First of all, we certainly have flexibility. We can source the majority of our crude through LOOP or we can bring it up the river and unload it at our docks or we can bring some down by barges. We do all of the above. Plus I would say, typically, the majority would come in through LOOP. We have been keeping a very close eye on the changes in the weather patterns and the changes in the currents, and at this time, we do not expect any interruption of our service. We are in daily contact with LOOP, and they are doing models as well and preparing in the event but that everything looks okay this time, Doug.
Gary Heminger: And flexibility is the right word. We have tremendous flexibility and of course, we're looking at running a significant portion of heavy barrels, whether they're Maya, possibly some from the Venezuelan markets. We're bringing some Canadian down. So we have very good flexibility for varying types of heavy crude that we're bringing in to the facility. When you look at LLS has a premium, and LLS to Mars is a little bit over $6 spread today. We certainly are doing everything we can to capture those wider spreads.
Gary Heminger: As you know how things change in the Gulf. It would be hard to go out beyond a week. But certainly, as we look at the current patterns and the work and the models that LOOP is following and we're following as well, we certainly believe at least a week we're in very good shape. As far as the river, I think the Coast Guard has done a great job, as well as private industry. And in the event anything would get close to the river, they have stations set up to be able to clean vessels coming up the river and coming back out of the mouth of the river, if necessary. So everything is set up to try to limit any long-term patterns of delay in the river. And at this time, we feel very good about river traffic. So I would say for the next week or so, Paul, things look good. But it's hard to speculate beyond that, as you can understand.
Gary Heminger: Yes, they have. In fact, with our new plant, we can meet the European cetane spec and as you know, some of Mexico and some other countries follow the same spec. So we've been selling a number of cargoes internationally, as well as we've sold some gasoline on the international market, and we would expect that to continue.
Gary Heminger: Demand locally, we're up about 1% here for the month of April and the first few days of May continue approximately in that same mode. That's gasoline. What we're really starting to see, Paul, that I've always said in the past, diesel's the commodity to watch because we believe that's the commodity of commerce, that's the commodity that's going to help the spreads widen now. And while January and February were negative, March and April have come on, both up about 2% and continuing to improve. So the diesel, as I say, is looking up, and we expect that to continue into the second half of 2010.
Gary Heminger: No, I really don't want to get into those details yet. And we're just -- have really just for a couple months now had Garyville fully up and running. We continue to do some testing. But I'll be able to give you more guidance on that down the road, as we're just starting to get into that business.
Gary Heminger: Well Paul, I do not have the detail nor have we shared the type of detail on opportunity costs. But let me kind of back up. In most of January and February -- in fact all of January and February, Garyville base plant and especially the cat cracker was down. If you looked, typically, we'll have the base crude unit down just for heater spalling in the first part of the year, but this year we had the cat down for the entire period, as we, as I said, had not had a turnaround for seven years. And then on top of that, we had Texas City completely down and Catlettsburg for March and part of April. So it wasn't just March. It was very, very large turnaround, in fact, the largest turnaround slate that we've ever completed in the company. And have all that done now and certainly looking forward to the balance of the year.
Howard Thill: Thanks, Gary and Dave. Before we open up to questions, I'd like remind to you that to accommodate all who wish to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourself to one question plus a follow-up. You may re#prompt for additional questions as time permits. And with that, James, we will open the call up to questions.
Howard Thill: Well that's really related to the 10.18 calculations on how we book taxes and what's the -- there's nothing beyond that. Just it's consolidation and mix of business that has driven that.
Howard Thill: At the end of the first quarter, total Europe was around 700,000 barrels under lifted. And the EG was about 250,000 BOE, I should say, 250,000 BOE. Libya about 150,000 BOE -- I'm sorry, that's the delta. That's the delta for the first quarter. That's what happened in the first quarter. The ending balance 3/31 about 850,000 under lifted in Europe. It was about 300,000 barrels under lifted in EG. About 300 over in Libya and about 2.5 million under in Alaska for a total of around 3 3.
Howard Thill: Well, it's something -- when you say the lifting schedule, that is something that's impossible to project at this point. I mean generally, we balance out pretty close by the end of the year. But just as this last year, it doesn't always happen. And as you said, Alaska will take quite a while because that's really gas in storage is what that is, and it takes a fair amount of time to work that off. But until the end of any quarter, it's impossible to predict, Paul.
Howard Thill: Okay, James, we appreciate it. And we thank all the interest in Marathon. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to call Chris Phillips or myself. Thanks and have a great evening.
David Roberts: I think the Bakken question I'll take first. I think what we've said is we're going to pick up the pace a little bit. We haven't increased our acreage and we continue to be pleased with the well results we have. We're really not coming off of our previous use of 350,000 to 400,000 barrels per well. But we are going to get after this a little bit more and see if we can peak up the production there. So all good news as far as that goes. In the Gulf, I think we previously shared these slides at various conferences. But the Flying Dutchman's a $135 million well and the gross unrisked potential of that is $100 million to $200 million barrels. Innsbruck is, again, right at...
David Roberts: We're basically in an arrangement with another company. But we're going pay a full $135 million. And then Innsbruck, we have an 85% interest in that particular well. Again, we estimate about $135 million and their gross potential there is 75 to 150 million barrels. In the Indonesian wells, talk about that we have a 70% interest in Pasangkayu, as you'll recall. We're thinking those wells will be between $50 million and $60 million. And the target we size there is roughly 1 billion barrels from the first well.
David Roberts: Not a surprising question because I think you're absolutely correct. We have 26 million barrels booked. I would think that after we get -- if we get the rate that I've suggested at about 50,000 barrels a day, we'll be able to, on a performance basis, drive those reserve bookings closer to the 60% of the $60 million or somewhere north of $30 million. And so I would expect that the DD&A rates would start to decline at that point. I think what we're looking at, basically, is -- we're going to let the reservoir tell us how quickly to ramp up the production. So I won't speculate on how quickly we're going to get to 50,000. As you'll remember, when we did Alpine, we got to a peak rate very, very quickly. And so we'll certainly try to drive for that. We would expect that rate to be somewhat less than 50,000 barrels a day through 2011. That will be the strongest production year. And then it will decline fairly [ph] rapidly as we go forward as we deplete the reservoir. Not going to speculate on what else we're going to need. I think one of the things -- the reason we say we think we've got about $900 million into this dug is we did take one well out of the program that we didn't think that we were going to need. And as you know, in this compartmentalized reservoirs in the Gulf, we're going to have to see -- these are very complicated wells. Some of them with up to seven take points in them. And so again, the reservoir and how we're draining it will tell us whether or not we need additional wells in order to fully deplete this field that we have here. But I would say that any activity we're looking at in the future would be all drilling based.
David Roberts: Mark, this is Dave. No doubt since you've been following this from the time that we made this acquisition almost a decade ago now, there is basically two halves to our Powder River position. One, it's called the Fairway that was impacted here and the remainder of the assets which were really around Sheridan. The section around Sheridan is a more standard type Powder River operation. We're very happy with that. And those operations are going to continue a pace, and in fact, we think that we could produce almost all of the volumes in hedging out of Powder River now just from that section of the play. What really drove this was -- the Fairway section was really dependent on the potential development of what we call the wall coal. And we've been running a pilot there for a number of years and practically just not been successful in getting it dewater, such that it would actually start giving up gas. And I think our view of the technical challenges that were contained in that, particularly with respect to where we see natural gas prices in the Rockies made this an opportunity that we didn't feel like we could further pursue. Hence, the write-down against a bad asset base. So I think that the answer is that we're going to consolidate our activities and operations towards the Sheridan side of the play. It will probably be a less aggressive capital and spending profile in the future and again, for roughly 85% or 90% of the production that we're currently carrying. So it's going to be an improved business. Certainly don't want it to improve businesses in this fashion. But I think we've pursued this as long as we needed to and hence, the change in direction.
David Roberts: Yes, I think drilling 30,000 feet below 15,000 feet salt structures is not easy. And I think I've made this comment in the context of we're very proud of our drilling performance, and we've had outstanding performance across all the metrics. We're certainly being very careful with this well to make sure that we get it down. So nothing abnormal or unusual, just it's taking us a little bit longer than we would have anticipated -- I would have anticipated. I'm always in a hurry.
David Roberts: Well in the past, in fact, we've used a slide in a number of our past reviews. And I'll just say for 2009, the Mars 211 [ph] crack spread was $8.83 was the average. And if 2010 were to be the same, we would have a cash flow of about $300 million and profit of $150 million. I believe in the first quarter, our number was very close to $10.50 was the 211 [ph] spread. So we're a little bit ahead of where we were in '09.
David Roberts: Well Droshky's going to be the flagship, both in terms of barrels and, given where we think crude prices are going to be, profitability. But the other thing to remember is that we'll be bringing on the expansion [indiscernible] in Canada a little bit later this year. And so we see some pretty substantial growth exiting the year from that particular asset base. So you've pretty much hit it. I think the maintenance events that I talked about will will not be full shutdowns for that period of time. So we certainly have factored that in. And as I mentioned, EG is back and strong as ever. And Norway is producing very, very well. So that with the Droshky uptick should get us to our numbers that we put out there.
David Roberts: Yes, we're obviously -- we read the papers and saw the very attractive sale of one of our neighbors down here in Houston. And I think to Janet's point, we're not in love with any of our assets, and we certainly continue to evaluate how they're positioned for value for our shareholders, either in our portfolio and at a different place. We continue to believe that the oil sands is an extraordinarily attractive and frankly, a critical base business for an integrated oil company. And so we're certainly playing that against what the market possibilities might afford. But having said that, we're open to suggestions, and we would certainly consider that if somebody was interested.
David Roberts: It's de minimis, Faisel. I think the number that's going to come off the books is, I want to say, on the order of 3 million barrels. I think there was a larger impact against the resource potential there. But in terms of what the production impact and the reserve impact was very, very small because most of our activity in production is, as I said, near the Sheridan area.
David Roberts: Yes, Pavel, as you know, we typically see differentials between $5 and $7 because of the outstanding work that our marketing people do in the area, and we expect that number is going to be consistent for us on a go-forward basis. So not expecting a broad change there.
David Roberts: Well I think the position is certainly opportune for partnership opportunities because obviously, we built the position over 1.25 million acres at this particular point at 100% interest. And so we'll certainly be looking at those opportunities but it's fairly early days.
David Roberts: I'll answer this, Mark. Just to be clear, it is gas-to-fuels pilot. And we completed our testing there at the end of last year and basically prove the technical concept. We've gone back into really an engineering phase to see if it can be commercially scaled up. And I think really, we've taken the view that that's take a little bit longer than we would have previously anticipated. And as a result of that, we've taken a lot of the capital away from that focusing on what we think are higher-value opportunities for us. Not a totally positive outlook. Technically, it worked. We're concerned about the ability to commercially scale it.
David Roberts: For this year, in terms of what our expectations are for field-level controllables in our Domestic business, we're anticipating a range of $7.30 to $7.80 on a DD&A rate basis. And again, this goes to year Droshky question. The 2010 range is going to be $23.50 to $26.50. Internationally, the same figures, the level of controllables compared to an actual last year of about 2.76. We're looking at the range of $2.75 to $3.30. And our DD&A basis will be $9 to $10.25.
David Roberts: As I mentioned, the vessel is sorted for 120,000, and we're producing over that. So we basically are trying to keep full, and we're starting to see some space around the Alvheim Villa [ph], so it's roughly six months to a year after we thought we'd see some declines. But importantly, Volund has a contractual space in the FPSO beginning in July. So this was an event that was coming to us in the next couple of months, in any case.
David Roberts: No, I think one of the things that we're seeing there is the basinal activity, it's now over 100 rigs for the industry, which I've expressed to you before, I think that is a real stretch. I think this is the basin that is comfortable at 90, and we start to see a diminution of performance. And I think we can get done what we need to get done with the six rigs we've got because basically, all rigs were built for us, a company we're very comfortable with. And so we'll see. But I don't think you'll see us increase beyond the six.
Garry Peiffer: We ceased a while ago synthetic P plus [ph] pricing, that is using derivatives to determine our price for our crude oil acquisitions. When we ceased using synthetic P plus [ph] using, we went to essentially, what I think the industry calls is calendar-month averaging, which is through contracts with the producer/suppliers. We essentially a P plus [ph] or a calendar-month average pricing, which is a part of the formula uses market structure to determine the price.
Garry Peiffer: Well, no, I think it's a very legitimate question, Mark. We challenge ourselves all the time because with the added blend [ph], there’s a lot of splash blending, that being where wholesalers and jobbers buy the base gasoline and then blend it with ethanol themselves, a retailer or a jobber can do his own splash blending and capture that as economics themselves. So when we look at what we sell as our blended price of gasoline, we have to consider that our customers can do a lot of that on their own. So it really gets really complicated to figure out the price that you're getting for the hydrocarbon, in our case, 90% piece versus the 10% ethanol. So it's a challenge. The biggest challenge you also have is what are you comparing it to? Are you comparing it to the 87 octane? Or are you comparing it to the blending components, the blend-grade gasoline that you're using as a blend stock. So I would advise you if you're trying to gather some information on this, you shouldn't be using 87 octane. You should be using a conventional blend-grade gasoline to do it with. And there's starting to be more activity in that grade to give you a better feel for the pricing. But it is a very convoluted, difficult process to get a grasp on. But I think the point you're trying to make is if you look a year ago, gasoline and ethanol with the $0.45 a gallon subsidy, 87 gasoline, that is, we're selling about a parody. This year, there's about a $0.06 spread. Now how much of that we actually capture the rack is very, very difficult for the reasons I just stated.
Garry Peiffer: All of our domestic crudes are based on a CMA formula and roughly in the first quarter of this year, about 70% of our crude was domestic; last year, about 56%. So about 70% of the crude in the first quarter was on a CMA basis.
Garry Peiffer: That's correct. That's more our typical. But we're also looking at what type of opportunities we have for international crudes. So part of that reflects the fact that the arbitrage or the domestic barrels were more favorably priced than the foreign barrels. So it's all dependent upon really economics.
Garry Peiffer: Well, we completed the project in 2009 as expected. So we were eligible to take the 50% bonus depreciation. So I think the answer's yes.
Janet Clark: I guess it was just over two years ago that we commenced really a major portfolio optimization program. As you know, we completed about $3.5 billion worth of asset sales earlier this year. Portfolio optimization is part of an ongoing business. So we'll continue to look at our assets and determine how we can create greater value by perhaps monetizing some of those assets. But I would say it wouldn't be anywhere near the magnitude of what you've seen the last couple of years. The cash position, as you noted, is quite comfortable. Our net debt to capital is coming down. It's still early in the year with regard to the capital budget. So it's still looking like that $5.1 billion, and our priorities, in terms of how we employ our cash, really are unchanged. It's first to invest in the business and value-accretive projects. We will continue to maintain a conservative capital structure, and we recognize that the dividend's an important part of total shareholder return, and as you know, quarterly, our board looks at that. This past quarter, we did increase the quarterly dividends by a penny. So not really much change, very consistent outlook from a financial perspective.
Janet Clark: Mark, first of all, we base the tax rate on the full year expectations, so on 10/18. What you're seeing in 2010 is that we've used up the full NOLs in Norway. And so therefore, we don't have to put up any kind of valuation allowance on the resulting U.S. tax credits. As you recall, in 2009, we were not paying the full cash amount in Norway at 78%. We were payign at 28%. And because we couldn't be certain of the timing of when we would be able to use those tax credits, we had to put a valuation allowance to against it. So that's the biggest difference.
Janet Clark: Well, Mark, I don't think we're in the practice of a giving specific rate for a part of a segment. We don't forecast that.
Janet Clark: I think there was a small part of capital that didn't get put in place until just after 12/31. So there might be a little bit of effect in 2010.
Janet Clark: I won't repeat the answer that I give, I think it was Paul Sankey. You are aware that we did a premium debt tender here in the last month. Multiple press releases put out in that, where we retired $500 million of debt, a good bit of it was high-coupon legacy debt from the U.S. field aid [ph]. On a matched maturity basis, it was slightly NTB [ph] positive, but more importantly, given that it's very difficult to earn much on your cash balance in this environment, we reduced our negative carry very substantially. But again, the priority here is to invest our capital in value-accretive projects in this business. And we're always looking for opportunities where we can capture resource and create value. So that's an ongoing effort. It's not that we set a budget once a year and we live by it for a year. We're constantly looking at opportunities and evaluating those opportunities. And it's great to be in a position where we have some financial flexibility here.
