Lee Tillman: Yes. Thanks Scott and good morning. You know, Scott, we are committed really to allocating capital that balances returns improvement with sustainable free cash flow generation. That's our model. That's our frameworks for success. I think we've now clearly established a track record against that model, that track record I believe speaks for itself. I think we've taken not only a strong shareholder friendly actions, but we've also delivered on our underlying operational commitments. And to us it really comes down to ensuring that model is sustainable, that model is resilient and that we continue to protect the upside through our oil leveraging. But, we believe in our strategy, Scott, and you should really expect no changes for us going forward. Hence, the reason we provided the two-year view of our financial outcomes.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Let me talk a little bit about overall allocation and perhaps I'll flip over to Mitch to provide a little more operational color on Red Hills and the program we just completed there in fourth quarter. First thing, not to state the obvious Scott, but the entire total capital budget is down 11%, development capital is down 9%, and actually from a mix perspective the Northern Delaware is still receiving essentially a very similar mix of that lower capital allocation. Again for us, it comes down to that capital allocation is driven by the confidence in generating those high returns and hence that's why you've seen that slight makeshift from 60% to 70% to Bakken and the Eagle Ford. That in no means is means that we are disappointed in Northern Delaware. It just means we have superior opportunity today and other parts of our portfolio, because of the current commodity price environment. With that, maybe I'll handover to Mitch and let him give a little bit of color on our -- the specifics of our program.
Lee Tillman: Now, we're making great progress there, Scott, and by year-end, we had I think about 90% of oil and water on pipe. We've got good midstream infrastructure on the gas side as well. And so, it's really -- the underlying driver there is our capital allocation process and focus on top level corporate returns.
Lee Tillman: I think, there's obviously a lot of factors that go in to the efficiency improvements year-over-year. But I would say that a consistent theme in both 2020 and 2021 is still a continued improvement and not just well productivity, but also our ability to drive completed well cost, as well as our own I'd say unit cost at a field level lower. And that theme simply just continues and accelerates a bit into 2021. So, it's a multiple factors, but certainly that trend that we have established now over the last two years of not only driving our capital costs down from a completed well cost standpoint, but also our unit production expense in the U.S., all of that is contributing to that improvement in capital efficiency moving forward.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I think what I would do, Arun, I'll take you back to our overall resource capture framework. And it's not an exclusive strategy. If you look at the three elements of that strategy, it starts first and foremost with organic enhancement, which is really working the assets that we already have in the portfolio. And the team has done an incredible job there in not only replacing inventory, but uplifting a good bit of the additional forward inventory. The other piece of that is an organic growth looking at both small bolt-ons, as well as trades. And in that, the example I would point to is in fact the position that we just established in the Northeast core of the Eagle Ford that closed at the end of the quarter. And here we had the ability to add on to an area that now has created this 70-well development opportunity for us. And so, that part -- that market opportunity we continue to look at those. And then as you mentioned the third element of that is the REx program. We believe that you need to generate success across all three of those dimensions. It really isn't an all-of-the-above strategy and in some years it may flex more toward one of those three than the others. But that is a strategy. And certainly, Pat and his team look at all those opportunities whether they be REx opportunities or inorganic opportunities that are around our existing footprint.
Lee Tillman: Well, I think, we have worked very hard to develop this comprehensive resource capture framework. We've transformed our base portfolio and created this differentiated position here in the U.S.. And what that means is, that for us, really large scale M&A is not required for our forward success. We're improving our returns. We've generated free cash flow over the last eight consecutive quarters. So our model is delivering the financial outcomes. And so, in that context any opportunity, whether it be large or small scale inorganic is going to be looked at through that lens. How can it be accretive to what we're already achieving. And that's a as you might imagine a very high bar.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Hi Jeanine, this is Lee. Just relative to the last disclosure on the two-year view and the delta there. It really is all about pricing. If you go back and you look at the price decks that were used to calibrate the 750. And again, we're not trying to predict pricing. We're simply putting a benchmark case out there for you. Obviously, it had much higher pricing for both gas and NGL. We kind of brought those back to more market based levels to present what we believe is a much more realistic view of the free cash flow generation. And so, despite the fact that we actually are having an improvement and underlying capital efficiency, obviously, it's very difficult to offset the full impact of a significant downshift in both gas and NGL pricing. But without quantifying what I would tell you is directionally capital efficiency is improving. The bulk of that delta is really associated with the assumptions around gas and NGL pricing.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Jeanine, again, we don't provide that fine line on it, because obviously we'll be driven by performance throughout the year. But the budget is primarily focused on exploration and appraisal drilling in both Texas Delaware and Austin Chalk. Obviously, there are still some spend in seismic and geoscience work there. But the bulk of it is really oriented toward continuing to explore and appraise with the bit in those two plays.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I'll offer my thoughts and if I miss anything I'll ask Mitch to jump in. First of all, what I would say is that we feel very strongly that the E.G. asset is going to be a free cash flow generator for the future for the company. And the Alen backfill we believe is just a first step as we continue to look to leverage what is a truly a world-class piece of infrastructure there. And so, we think that we have -- but I want to emphasize that from a free cash flow generation standpoint essentially we have all of our assets ex-Northern Delaware are generating strong free cash flow going into both 2020 and 2021 And so, I don't want to paint this as an E.G. only story. The thing that differentiates E.G. is the fact that the reinvestment levels are relatively de minimus there. However, from an absolute free cash flow generation standpoint, all three of our U S basins ex-Northern Delaware are contributing strongly to that free cash flow profile going forward in time.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, first of all, I mean, obviously we look at multiple financial metrics, Doug, you know, free cash flow is important, but as is corporate returns. And our commitment is that as we allocate incremental capital to the business that it is going to be accretive. Those dollars will be accretive to driving those cash returns on invested capital higher. Hence, when we look at it from 17 to 19 on even a price normalized basis, we've had a 50% improvement and our cash return on invested capital. I think from a value proposition standpoint when we kind of look at the metrics that matter and we look at pre, post dividend even free cash flow yield for ourselves, we feel that does compare very favorably for similarly sized industrial companies within the S&P 500. So, we believe that the value proposition is one a high rate of change on corporate returns coupled with the ability to generate that free cash flow at relatively moderate oil pricing that essentially delivers the yield that is competitive with the broader S&P space. And we believe that's a recipe for success and competing for forward investment. And of course, the key thing is being able to do that consistently. Because you really can't talk about returning cash to shareholders until you actually generate the cash. And that's what we've been doing for the last two years. And so, I think we've got the track record. I think from a value standpoint, if you look at returns, if you look at free cash flow yield and our return of cash to shareholders, I think there is a very valid investable thesis there. And now, I'm talking specifically about Marathon, there are some broader issues within the sector that we can probably talk about on another day.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, first of all, given that we have a relatively low enterprise breakeven WTI price well north of -- sorry, well south of $50. We feel that, we have the resilience even with where the current strip looks today to execute our business plans, drive returns and drive free cash flow. So, today even though we have the flexibility to adapt, we don't believe that we're in a price band that would require Marathon to take that kind of move. If we do see sustained pricing that just below that enterprise breakeven, we feel that that is a longer term outcome. Then we have a lot of levers available to us to dial back capital. And I think you've seen from our past history, we've been very disciplined around our capital. We set our budget. We adhere to that budget and any potential for upside price performance we simply drive that to the bottom line and basically produce more free cash flow. I think from a maintenance capital standpoint, obviously for us when we look at improving capital efficiency over the next couple of years that's a bit of a moving target and it's clearly impacted by the activity in the previous year. But we are well south of $2 billion probably in that kind of $1.8 billion kind of range on maintenance capital going forward.
Lee Tillman: Yes, there is. It's obviously highly risked, Paul, because we -- this is still an exploration program and it's relatively de minimis.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, I guess right now, we believe that the right catalyst is consistently delivering corporate returns and free cash flow and getting that cash flow back to shareholders that we believe that is the right strategy, the right mechanism to attract that investor back. As I've said, I think in a previous question, the work we've done on our portfolio, the success that we're having with our resource capture framework, that model is designed to ensure that large scale M&A is not required for our forward success. And obviously, again, as I stated any inorganic opportunity whether it's large or small has to be looked at through a lens of financial accretion, free cash flow accretion, balance sheet accretion, natural synergies from a portfolio standpoint, as well as overcoming potentially social issues. So, there are pretty significant barriers for that. And even just a general sense. But for us specifically we've tried to ensure our model delivers on the investor mandate without a requirement for pursuing that.
Lee Tillman: Well, I think first of all, in the REx program, to be successful long term you do have to have a bit of a constancy of purpose. We've talked about a longer term run rate of a $2 million in REx over time. We believe that that type of investment within that resource capture framework that I described earlier will allow REx to deliver the type of resource and inventory that we will ultimately need to replace what we're consuming. So, there's a little bit of I guess reverse engineering is the way I would put it to come to the amount of investment. Now, they're going to be put and takes in any given year. We saw some large investment years as we established the two actual acreage positions. Now, we're back really at a kind of a couple hundred million in run rate. From a return of capital standpoint, we have to really strike the right balance between obviously shorter-term returns, free cash flow generation, but also meeting these strategic objectives which are continuing to replenish our inventory and that's part of the balancing act. Today, we certainly feel that the repurchase of our shares based on valuations is a good return and a good use of capital allocation. And it's simply again striking the balance between that and longer-term value creation that exists within the resource capture framework.
Lee Tillman: Yes. In general, Jeff, what we have talked about is that organic free cash flow is going to be the governor on incremental return of capital back to shareholders. Obviously, we can't perfectly match those. But in general, when you look at our organic free cash flow across 2019 post dividend, which was about $410 million. We actually did $350 million-ish and share repurchases on that basis. So you should expect those to be in lock step with one another. Obviously, there'll be some puts and takes across quarters. But generally speaking, that's the philosophy. We're not going to obviously spend money that we don't have. And we certainly are going to do damage to our investment grade balance sheet.
Lee Tillman: Yes Jeff, I'm not sure I can recall all the specific details on the parent vintage. We can certainly get back to you on that. But these were two pads on four-well per section. And as I recall performance was pretty well in line with parents and certainly very strong returns as we've fine tuned our approach across all of Oklahoma and really driving significant improvements in capital efficiency across our entire position there.
Lee Tillman: Yes. That's fair. And there's a lot of work that goes into optimizing our development approach here. And looking carefully at both landing zone, completion style and well spacing all contribute to that. We've made some really important inroads on all of those elements over the past few years.
Lee Tillman: Yes. No Jeff, you're spot on one of the reasons beyond the productivity of the wells that we wanted to highlight the Marjorie and Lloyd pads was in fact the ability to drive the completed well costs lower and even on a normalized basis you can see that the costs there are very competitive. And as you point out in the footnotes, the actual costs are very impressive as well.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, David, certainly we tried to provide some guidance within the deck on notionally the range of growth operated completed wells we expect for the year. Clearly, we've taken the efficiency gains that we've seen on both the drilling and the completion side, which have been substantial in 2019 and those have been of course applied into the forward plan. To the extent that we continue to see further improvement on top of those assumptions we'll obviously have to moderate and pace our activity accordingly. But from our standpoint it just goes back to our budget is our budget. We will optimize always within that budget. But that's our development capital number, the 2.2. And to the extent that we see more efficiency, we'll have to accommodate that within that $2.2 billion budget.
Lee Tillman: Well, obviously we want to make sure that we deliver across all of our commitments, David, we want to make sure that we're delivering first and foremost on returns the free cash flow generation and then obviously getting it back to shareholders. And in many most respects the volume metric is just an outcome of that of that process.
Lee Tillman: Well, I think that one of the other though advantages was we still had investment opportunities that allowed us to continue to drive our corporate level returns higher. So we did have good investable opportunities that were represented even by that bit higher well count and we felt that that competed very favorably against returning some of that back to shareholders, which again we still returned $350 million back to shareholders on share repurchases and another $160 million on dividend. So over $500 million back to shareholders last year.
Lee Tillman: Thank you. I'd like to end by thanking all of our talented and dedicated employees and contractors, who made 2019 another year of differentiated execution for our company. They are collectively our sustainable competitive advantage. Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil. And that concludes our call.
Mitch Little: Yes. Sure, Scott. As you're referencing, we had a fair bit of delineation work in 2019 included in the Red Hills area. What I would say about that is we're encouraged by the early results from the delineation work. We tested a lot of different intervals, as well as some different completion designs, saw some particularly encouraging signs in the Upper Wolfcamp and Bone Spring. Relative to the capital allocation as well, wells to sales this year will be slightly up from 2019 levels. The majority of that activity is going to be focused in those intervals, the -- both the Wolfcamp and Bone Spring and it will across Malaga and Red Hills. Little bit less delineation activity this year as we are focused on the corporate returns and free cash flow generation. And that also give us time to integrate some longer-term performance data from the 2019 delineation efforts and feed that into our capital allocation process.
Mitch Little: Yes. Arun, this is Mitch. The maintenance impacts are pretty well laid out in the slide deck. But just to kind of go back through those. We're in the midst of a major turnaround at the AMPCO methanol facility. That's going to have about a $30 million earnings impact on the quarter. And then expect it to be back up and running for the rest of the year at kind of full rates. In Q4, we then have some planned maintenance at the LNG facility, which will impact the gas rates. But we'll continue to process the liquids and so they're not going to be an impact on liquid rates. Sensitivity to product prices, we can't talk about the specific terms of the E.G. LNG contract for confidentiality reasons. But it is a Henry Hub length contract. We're seeing pretty material degradation in that index relative to 2019. And so that's going to be meaningful. And then, of course, methanol prices are at kind of a cyclical low right now as well. So, I think it's important to look forward. We've got the long-lived Alba field with shallow decline and essentially no reinvestment. That's been on a steady trend and we expect it to continue to do so. And then looking forward, we've got the Alen volumes that should start up in 2021, early 2021. The Henry Hub index contract expires at the end of 2023. So back on -- in 2021 our normalized prices back to earnings levels similar to 2019 and then additional upside through the things I mentioned, as well as continuing to look to source additional backfill volumes following the Alen agreement that we signed up last year right.
Mitch Little: Hey, Neal, it's Mitch. The way you've characterized it is accurate. As you well know, the renaissance in the Bakken and the increased productivity drove increased activity and it's taken a little while for the midstream infrastructure to catch up. There has been a lot of infrastructure added in the back half of 2019 and that will continue through 2020 and early into 2021. So, you're seeing the benefits of that relative to our mix. We would expect to see increasing infrastructure that impacts our ability to capture even more of that volume. However, as we've guided, we also expect for the Bakken to deliver oil growth in 2020.
Mitch Little: Yes. Hey Brian, it's Mitch again. With respect to your first question there's usually some benefit to EUR from modern completions and seeing this record IP30s, but we're going to need longer dated production to prove that out or to quantify the ultimate impact. I would say as a more general statement, the initial IP30 uplift is a little bit greater than the EUR uplift across most of our plays. But we typically do see an EUR benefit as well. To your latter question I think this one is probably the most important one. We currently talk about a decade of remaining inventory in the Eagle Ford at the current levels. And I want to make really clear a couple of things that we're working on in the organic enhancement space are additive to that. The old adage, "Big fields keep getting bigger," certainly proving out for us in the Eagle Ford and Bakken where we've replaced the inventory. We've consumed the last couple of years. We've got a fair bit of activity on the redevelopment front in the Eagle Ford. We're targeting areas that were originally developed on wider spacing with early Gen completions. We now have sent seven successful pads under our belts with 100 percent success rate, spans over an area of about 25 miles east to west across our position and with the early encouragement there we've identified hundreds of remaining opportunities that we're working to prove up. And just to be really clear, that's in addition to what's in our current PD of about 10 years of inventory. On top of that, we're well into phase two of our EOR pilot. That particular pilot is a multi-pad pilot, but we'll go through sequential cycles of missable gas injections so can flow back. We've got three cycles to-date. Completed on that that are in line and slightly exceeding model expectations. And I think what we can say from that very clearly is there's no question that the physics work across the black oil window in the Eagle Ford. And the Eagle Ford has some particular fluid characteristics and geologic characteristics that make it advantaged to most basins. We'll continue that pilot looking to validate model results and inform, how we might expand that to a broader scale, look at optimization of the cycle parameters and durations and then refine program economics, so that we understand fully how that's going to compete within the broader portfolio which is already rich with a lot of top tier opportunities. So I think when we look at what we've already delivered in the Eagle Ford through organic enhancement uplift and additions and the excitement around both of these opportunities going forward, still a lot of running room in the Eagle Ford for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Lee. Thanks. Actually Doug and I are on the same track. But I wondered how you think about the potential for a CapEx cut and levels of sustaining capital as sort of part of that same question effectively. For example, in 2020 what would you say is your growth capital versus your sustaining capital? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And then the big one would be, again a follow-up to the idea of attracting general aspects of sector. Is there potential for you to do a big merger, a big deal something a real big calculus move? Lee, I'd be very interested about your thoughts? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. You you'll have a great track record of free cash flow. I was just trying to answer the question of more free cash flow that it seemed like others were asking about earlier. So, thanks guys.
