Lee Tillman: Yes. On your first part, Arun, absolutely, you've interpreted it correctly. We think it's -- first of all, it's vitally important that your starting point is from a position of driving returns and sustainable free cash flow generation. And to that end, we will optimize our production profile as an output of that. And we believe, it's very important from a sustainability standpoint to ensure that that profile holds true for not only average-to-average growth, but also for exit-to-exit growth particularly when you look across a kind of a multi-year time line.
Lee Tillman: Okay. Great. I'll take the -- maybe the REx spend question and maybe let Pat comment a little bit about the new Texas Delaware oil play including the infrastructure. On your first question, Arun, around the REx spin we do anticipate spend in 2020 and 2021 to be consistent with the kind of longer-term run rate guidance that we have provided in the past, which is the nominal $200 million mark. We believe that we can continue even with this transition to more of an appraisal and exploration drilling program to live within that type of budget. And maybe with that I'll let Pat make a few comments about the new Texas Delaware oil play.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. I would say Arun given the nature of the type of drilling, bear in mind that even though we have two very encouraging wells, one of them has about 100 days of production, the other about 150 days of production. We're still in the very early phases. And this is a very large acreage position, which is completely undeveloped. So we really still are in an exploration and appraisal mode even as we go into 2020. But we do have very good confidence though that we are seeing in these two wells the types of results that we were expecting.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Maybe I'll make a few general comments and then again I'll hand over to Pat to maybe talk a little bit specifically. I want to maybe remind everyone again just about the concept that is inherent in our REx activities. And I mentioned this in my remarks, this is really the pursuit of these low entry cost opportunities that have appropriate scale that we believe can generate truly outsized full cycle returns. It's a very different model. It's a very different organizational structure. The talented members of this team are compensated a bit differently than the rest of the organization. So it's a very different approach that we have taken within the REx program. And, of course, in this case the Texas oil Delaware play is one that really we've been working since 2018. So it has been a work in progress. But maybe I'll let Pat share a little bit more about the journey and how we find ourselves where we are today.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. We'll get into more specifics on relative capital allocation. But you should assume Scott that this acreage will fold into the current optimization that we're doing across the enterprise right now to develop both our 2020 and 2021 execution level plans. And this will just be part of that broad enterprise optimization.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Yeah, thanks Doug. Yeah, first of all maybe just a statement just about, which of the assets are generating free cash flow. Although EG is certainly a low investment, a high free cash flow asset I want to make it very clear that we are getting strong free cash flow support from our U.S. portfolio as well, particularly obviously in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. With respect to EG specifically, I would -- I talk about EG in terms of there are two value propositions within EG. There is the Alba gas condensate field, which is on a -- it basically is a long life, low decline asset. And then there is the value associated with this unique and differentiated world-class infrastructure that we have there sitting on Bioko Island, which of course is a gas plant, methanol plant and LNG facility with storage and offloading. That is a very unique piece of kit. We've already leveraged that to bring in the Alen volumes and we expect again those molecules to show up in the first half of 2021. But we also recognize that both locally and regionally this is a gas prone area and we are the natural aggregators of gas. We have a very well-run world-class facility here that does have allege that will come available. And we want to make sure that we place that asset in a position to compete for those other regional and local gas volumes. And that's a big element of that go-forward value proposition for Equatorial Guinea.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. I think it's probably a bit premature right now to talk about relative capital allocation from a development capital standpoint. But certainly, Doug, we feel strong enough about the competitive nature – the potential competitive nature of this acreage by talking about a full rig line running there in 2020 with a view toward getting that play ready to compete for capital allocation in the development capital budget. From a continuity and contiguous nature standpoint this is a very contiguous acreage position. As Pat already mentioned, we have large blocks. We also have 100% working interest today in the basin or in the acreage that we've acquired and so we believe this to be a very complementary asset to our already strong Northern Delaware position.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Certainly, from – when we talk about more S&P what we mean by that is returns first and sustainable free cash flow that is sustainable across a broad range of commodity price outcomes. We want to ensure that our model is robust at kind of the low end of the commodity price range and is competitive. But then we also want to make sure that the higher end if we do see price support that we can generate outsized full – basically free cash flow yields. We believe that presents an investment case that can gain traction because we're offering upside potential to offset some of the implicit volatility of the commodity. But the number one objective as we do our capital allocation and set our budget will be wrapped around corporate returns and generating that sustainable free cash flow yield. Once, we obviously have that plan in place just as we've done for really almost now the last two years, we will then make prudent decisions about how best to share that free cash flow with our shareholders. We have a dividend today that is competitive with our E&P peers. And in fact, if you look at similarly sized S&P industrials it's also competitive. It's still a conversation that we have quarter in and quarter out, but today we still believe that a disciplined repurchase program in today's environment and based on where equities are trading today offers the best return to our shareholders. But those financial outcomes that we just went through Brian those are the objectives of our business plan. Again for us, volumes and production outcomes are just at their outputs from that process.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. I would say that, we're constantly scanning the market for opportunities. It's a challenge that we talked about the characteristics of the Eagle Ford bolt-on the fact that it was synergistic that it was returns-accretive that it essentially offered largely an undeveloped position with upside. Once you start putting that kind of filter on the full opportunity set whether that be Eagle Ford Bakken or anywhere else that really narrows the field. And so we have to be very disciplined about how we evaluate and ultimately how we might transact even on small bolt-ons like the one that we just announced. But I think once you start applying the criteria that playing field gets reduced very, very significantly. And so we're always in the market. We always want to be opportunistic. And the financial flexibility that we have created with our balance sheet strength is something that we get to lean on when those opportunities do in fact come up. That also allows us to pursue those opportunities in a way that's not mutually exclusive to continue to return free cash flow back to our shareholders. Again, our return of cash to shareholders is governed by our free cash flow generation, and we can leverage our balance sheet to take on some of these more opportunistic things in the marketplace.
Lee Tillman: Yes. And I want to be really clear too that as we look ahead when we say increase, we mean increase on a relative basis. Again, the development capital program is coming down. It's the relative allocation that's going up. And it shouldn't be that surprising. Again, this is one of the advantages of the multi-basin portfolio. With really the dislocation of NGL and gas pricing right now that tends to drive you to your more oily assets. And so for us, that coupled with the fact that we have been so successful in the organic enhancement activities in both Eagle Ford and Bakken in this current pricing environment, it gives us the opportunity to lean on those a bit more. We're still progressing activity in Oklahoma and Northern Delaware. Those returns and those more concentrated programs are still very competitive. But as you look at the near-term kind of pricing environment, there's no doubt that the Bakken and the Eagle Ford because of their oil weighting are superior from an economic return standpoint. I mentioned in my opening remarks that in some of the extension work that we did last year in the Bakken, even on actual pricing and actual costs, those wells pay out in 10 months. I mean, these are very impressive economic returns, but it all has to come to roost in your enterprise level return. So we're going to design our program in such a way that it will ensure that we continue this underlying rate of change in our corporate level returns too. We don't want to get -- half-cycle returns are great as we do our internal relative capital allocation, but we're going to judge our investment program on how is it moving our enterprise level returns, certainly even on a price-normalized basis.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I'll maybe say a few things and then also ask Mitch to chime in as well. You're right. We have been very methodical in our approach to Northern Delaware. You have multiple STACK plays across a very broad geographic area. We mentioned for instance in fourth quarter that we're actually moving over into the Red Hills area to continue our delineation there. So that work is really still ongoing. And in parallel with that delineation and appraisal work, we're also continuing to work on other aspects of the business in Northern Delaware to ensure that we're maximizing our margins. And that's everything from getting oil and water on pipe to ensuring that we have the absolute lowest lease operating expense there as well. So we're doing all of the things that we need to do to be prepared, to take that asset into a more I would say aggressive growth mode that we get it to more of a scale in our portfolio. But we can be methodical. We can be patient. This is again the beauty of the multi-basin model. We don't have to get in front of our headlights. We can make sure that we truly are optimizing the field development plan. And that's what's going to be our focus and certainly, we have a lot of work left to do in that area in 2020.
Lee Tillman: Yes. First of all Jeanine, I would say, our objective was not to spend less. Our objective was in fact to enhance returns and drive free cash flow generation. And that model is what is as an output is generating a more moderate growth profile in 2020 and 2021. We're going to provide much more details more aligned with the last part of your question Jeanine as we get out into February. Similar to this year's plan we expect to quantify the plan not only in terms of operational outcomes but also in terms of financial delivery as well based on our $50 planning basis. So I would just say stay tuned on that. But obviously we believe, that the optimized plan will strike the correct balance here between returns free cash flow generation while also achieving a more moderate oil growth rate here in the U.S.
Lee Tillman: Yes, I would say that your assessment is correct and that probably the split is generally pretty even maybe a little bit biased toward Eagle Ford. Again we talked about replacing a couple of years of inventory at current run rates. Obviously the run rate in Eagle Ford is a bit higher than the Bakken so you could kind of pro rata that to probably back into what that split is. We still obviously believe that there's a lot of remaining running room to chase there. I believe that the teams have done a good job. We believe it's a sustainable process as we look ahead and as we do with all three elements of the inventory enhancement framework.
Lee Tillman: We lost a good part of that Pavel. You're really breaking up. I know the question pertained to EG, but ex that it was very difficult to hear your question.
Lee Tillman: And we'll give a bit more disclosure on that in February, so that it can be rolled in to everyone's modeling for the EG asset.
Lee Tillman: All right. Well, we recognize that investors have choices and we appreciate your interest in Marathon Oil. Execution excellence leads the way in our company. And again I want to personally thank all of our dedicated employees and contractors who deliver on that mandate 24/7 quarter in and quarter out. Thank you very much and that concludes our call.
Pat Wagner: Sure. Good morning Arun. Just there is existing shallow production and ongoing development on these leases that is above the Woodford and the Meramec. In fact we have our gas production from these two wells already on pipe and we'll have all of our oil production on pipe by the end of the year. These are very large leases with favorable surface ownership and we don't anticipate any problems with development plenty of infrastructure. I'd also say we're only 20 miles from the Wink terminal, so we're very close to the markets and we feel really good about this.
Pat Wagner: Sure. Good morning, Scott. Lee kind of hit on the organizational structure and kind of the way we've set up this team, which I think has been very important in -- to the success. The team has been very focused on looking for oil resource that has multiple targets and they've been very surgical in the way they look at that. There is this play that we have identified that we're revealing today that has Woodford, has Meramec and potentially other zones in between. We initially leased 20,000 acres, drilled the two wells and we're very enthusiastic about the results. So then we quickly went out and grew the play to 60,000 acres. We feel like now we've captured the core of the position and we feel very good that it's set up well for development and we're ready to move into delineation and further appraisal.
Pat Wagner: This is Pat, Biju. We're not going to disclose exactly where we landed the existing wells, but both of those wells did test the Woodford.
Pat Wagner: Sure Derrick, this is Pat. I won't give you the exact pressure gradients but both the Meramec and the Woodford are over-pressured. I didn't catch the last part of your question.
Mitch Little: Yes. Sure Neal. This is Mitch. I think slide 14 that you're referencing there and the slide earlier in the deck where we really have highlighted organic enhancement helps characterize and gives you a good visual on how much we've extended the core. We certainly would say the majority of Hector and Ajax have been proven up through our organic enhancement trials. To put some context to that, if you look at Hector over the last two years, we've doubled well productivity while shaving 30% off of well costs. That's a game changer for economics in the Bakken. And as Lee mentioned in his remarks, we've significantly upgraded the returns of hundreds of locations across both those basins to where the vast majority of our remaining inventory in both basins is top-tier. I also want to make it really clear the 500 adds that we talked about in the release, those are absolutely new sticks that weren't in our prior life of field plans of development. So we'll see a good mix of Hector and Myrmidon next year on the upgraded returns. I don't have the exact split between those right now as we're still finalizing and tweaking the plans, but we'll certainly have activity in both areas. And we will continue our efforts across all these basins to drive further enhancements from the organic enhancement efforts that are targeting, not only well productivity, but also well cost. And we certainly see additional running room for future adds in both of those basins.
Mitch Little: Yes, Biju I'll just add a little bit of additional color. I think Lee has covered the medium term outlook really well. Speaking specifically about 2019, about half of our activity was in the Malaga area in Eddy County and about half in Red Hills and we would characterize the Red Hills activity as more heavily weighted towards delineation. You see across our more mature basins the type of productivity we're driving and those workflows translate to all basins we operate. And if I highlight the Upper Wolfcamp activities in Malaga where we've had enough activity in that area to move into development mode, you see similar kind of performance improvement there with 35% increase in productivity per lateral foot and 20% well cost reductions. But this is a multi-bench play, lot of column to work with. I think we had tested six different intervals over the course of 2019 and we'll have more delineation as part of the program in 2020. So, there's an efficient pace at which to move forward on these. Some areas are moving into development and other areas we're still in delineation mode.
Mitch Little: Sure Derrick. This is Mitch again. Let me back up to kind of a high level and then I'll walk you through some of the specifics. I'm sure you can appreciate I'm probably not going to give you the full play-by-play of our success, but I can share the mindset and the approach we're taking and then I'll address your regional sand question. What I would say is our corporate returns focus has really resonated well throughout the organization and deep into the organization. We started on this organic enhancement journey with a focus on well productivity which was really driven by high-intensity completions. But as we've evolved that approach, it's evolved to a relentless focus on not only well productivity, but well costs. And so the way we attack that is we've evolved our proprietary workflows that -- we deployed targeted data acquisition. We integrate that with data analytics, advanced simulation techniques, and empirical results that really allow us to optimize from spud all the way through flow back. We addressed well construction, reservoir targeting, pump schedule, cluster design, stage spacing, use of diverters, use of artificial lift; it's a very comprehensive list of things that we're attacking, and showing great improvement on. Is there more room to grow or to go in the Bakken? We certainly believe so and our team certainly believes so. The last two quarters we've driven program completed well cost at new records. And in our Herbert pad which is the Southernmost Hector test to-date, we delivered $4.5 million completed well costs versus $4.9 million average for the Bakken. We have looked at regional sand a number of times. We're not currently deploying it. We're always looking at alternative sourcing models. But we have seen some gains just in the contracting structures and strategies that have driven our proppant costs down in the Bakken as well.
Mitch Little: Yes. Sure Pavel. Again, we'll disclose more specifics in February when we release our capital budget. But there are some maintenance activities at a couple of the onshore facilities in 2020.
