Ed Westlake: Good morning, a lot of excitement on the STACK. You spoke in the prepared remarks about resuming sequential growth at low to mid $50’s so maybe just some opening remarks about that statement?.
Ed Westlake: And so maybe some color on the rig activity that would be embedded in that. I mean, obviously, we can do our own forecast but just interested in your color on rig ramps and buying Eagle Ford STACK, Bakken...
Ed Westlake: All right. Okay. If I could sneak one final one, debt repurchases, or blending and extending maturities, any thoughts there? Other companies are doing the same thing.
Lee Tillman: Yeah, good morning, Ed. We’re still committed to that, Ed. As we look out at the macro today, though we’re sitting at $40 today, but as we look out to 2017 and see that more constructive pricing, we feel very confident in our ability to begin that growth sequentially again, and do it within cash flows in that low to mid-$50s kind of price range. A lot of that will also hinge on our ability to ensure that we have operational momentum coming out of 2016 as well.
Lee Tillman: Yeah, absolutely, Ed. We’ve talked about nominally a $1.4 billion program in 2017 that would get us back on that sequential growth track within the resource plays. And within that, the way I would ask you to think about it is, is embedded basically an almost the doubling of the rig count from where we are today to when we would exit in 2017. And that would support both that capital program as well as that volumes profile.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Yeah, Doug. Good morning. Oklahoma STACK is going to be our absolute first priority, Doug. Once we’ve met our leasehold requirements and our strategic objectives in the STACK, then we’re going to look at optimizing across the remaining basins to maximize economic return. I think the good news there for us is that when we look at that multi-basin optimization, we’ve got a very competitive and diverse Tier 1 inventory that really now features everything from Eagle Ford oil and condensate to Bakken West Myrmidon to SCOOP. So it’s a great portfolio, but that first incremental capital is absolutely going to Oklahoma STACK. In fact, as we stated in our released material last evening, we’ll be looking to add that second rig into the STACK acquisition acreage later in the third quarter, bringing us to a total of four rigs in Oklahoma.
Lee Tillman: Yep. Well, thank you. Yeah, Doug, I certainly wouldn’t – I’m very happy with our footprint in the STACK as well as the SCOOP, as certainly with the bolt-on of the STACK acquisition, the PayRock acquisition, it enhanced our position materially in the STACK. But as I look across it from a overall resource standpoint and you think about the fact that we now have in excess of about $1 billion 2P resource in the STACK as well as another $1 billion or so in the SCOOP, that is a very, very material position going forward in Oklahoma. And at just over 200,000 net surface acres in the STACK, we feel very good about our position. We would never forego accretive small bolt-on positions or greenfield leasing, but we’re quite pleased with where we stand right now in Oklahoma.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Guy, thanks for the follow-up question. First of all, I want to be very clear the $1.4 billion I’m talking about, Guy, is for the resource play element only. That would not include other capital requirements and the conventional elements of our business, although we would expect similar to what we did this year that the bulk of our capital investment in 2017 will, in fact, be allocated to the resource plays. But in that low $50 to mid-$50 window we would absolutely expect to cover that capital demand within operating cash flows. Does not mean that we’re not still pursuing non-core asset divestitures, but we’re certainly not saying we’re going to be reliant upon those. They give us optionality but we don’t feel that we need to rely on those if we’re in that price band.
Lee Tillman: Yeah, no, absolutely. I think first and foremost, you said it well, we’ve got this great opportunity set that very much competes for capital and the price band. A lot of that I would say growth aspiration, though, will be highly dependent upon the pricing that we see. Being a very oil levered company, of course we have a very strong response in operating cash flows as we see improvement to the oil price. So to the extent that we need to modulate between growth as well as generating free cash flows, we’re prepared to do that. But the potential that we’ve got in the three resource plays definitely provides us an avenue for moving to a very competitive growth metric in the future. Without getting into specifics there, we have that potential.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Certainly, in the first half of the year, Brian, there was a bit of a bias because we had a couple of long-cycle projects that were running their course that are now, of course, both started up, which are the EG compression project as well as the non-operated Gunflint project. So there was probably a bit more bias to the conventional portfolio in the first half of the year. As we look forward to the second half of the year, that’s going to largely be paced by the resource plays themselves, and that will really set the, I’ll say, kind of that exit velocity that we achieve from a capital program standpoint as we move out of the year. We do anticipate, based on the activity we’ve described, including the additional rig in Oklahoma, as well as some additional completion work in the Eagle Ford, that we will exit the fourth quarter with some pretty strong momentum going into 2017. To your point, I guess, on the rest of the portfolio, the looking forward to 2017, you should expect us to continue to minimize the capital allocation to the conventional program, very similar to what we endeavoured to do this cycle in 2016.
Lee Tillman: Yeah, Brian, our conventional business is absolutely geared toward generating free cash flow that can then be redeployed. That’s the model, that’s what Mitch drives the team toward. I will look at some selective investments there. Great example is the EG compression project, albeit a long cycle project it’s very accretive, it’s delivering very strong economics and performance in the portfolio and it’s simply going to add to the ability of Equatorial Guinea to add to our cash flows. I think a separate question, though, is more of the non-core asset question. We continue to scrutinize our portfolio and ensure that it is fully optimized. As I said in my opening remarks, we’ve achieved $1 billion year-to-date of non-core asset divestitures but we believe there is more work to be done there. We don’t think they’ll be to the scale of, say, a Wyoming, but we still believe there’s some good solid portfolio work, particularly here in North America, that we continue to drive. And again, it’s all focused on that simplification and concentration of the portfolio toward the highest risk-adjusted returns.
Lee Tillman: Paul, I appreciate your transparency. I’ll maybe take those two bookends that you just talked about, the $40 and the $60. Obviously I think at $40, similar to what we’ve experienced this year, we’d be looking to protect our balance sheet, to ensure that though we continue to drive those leasehold and strategic objectives in the portfolio, and then look with great discipline at some of those discretionary economic opportunities within the portfolio. We’d still be bearing down on cost, we’d still be bearing down on non-core asset sales. So those would be the behaviors and the objectives if we saw an environment moving into 2017 that is more in the [ph] 4- handle range. I think, conversely, if we see more constructive pricing moving into 2017 at that $60, as we’ve talked about, a $10 move in pricing for us is a big impact on our operating cash flows. And we’d be looking to redeploy those pretty strongly back here into the U.S. resource place to not only get back on sequential growth, but to get on that growth quite strongly if we saw that level of price support. We’ve protected the organization in such a way that we have the capacity to move to much higher activity levels. And if we saw that $60, we’d move toward that as quickly as we could.
Lee Tillman: I think as you look at our portfolio, Paul, you look at our business model, we have made the shift. We made the shift in the dividend last year. Of course it was helpful from an operating cash flow standpoint, but it was also much more consistent with where we were headed in this very short-cycle investment, resource-play-intensive business that we’re in. And we think from a competitive standpoint, given our opportunity outlook for growth and reinvestment, that’s the right place for us to place our shareholder money.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. This is Lee. Just for clarity. At the top of our batting order is going to be STACK oil. That clearly has the superior returns, whether we look at a $40 environment, or even a $50 environment. I think then the lead table gets pretty interesting. Because of all the good work the asset teams have been doing, we actually have more diversity within our tier one inventory that will compete for capital. But the ones that we would see really rising to the top are, we’re going to continue to see Eagle Ford high GOR oil. We’re going to continue to see Bakken, West Myrmidon specifically, come in to the mix. And then also the SCOOP condensate area is going to be a strong performer which will also maybe amplified in the event that we see stronger gas support as well. So that’s really the lead table as we see it today.
Lee Tillman: That’s an element of it. But there is also an element, of course, of just base decline and other elements for our business, specifically Eagle Ford, which we’ve already talked about.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. There will certainly be a ramp associated with that. I mean, I mean that would not be a step change, if you will. There would be a ramp across the year. So I was trying to just kind of project out kind of where we thought we might exit out of 2017 based on that nominal $1.4 billion type investment. But there will absolutely be a ramp. And I think, too, you have to bear in mind, that the rigs today are doing a lot more than the rigs did a year ago. And so, we absolutely are taking advantage of that efficiency. In fact, in the Eagle Ford we’ve actually gone down a rig since second quarter, from five to four rigs, recognizing just the sheer efficiency of our drilling operations and the ability of our teams to continue to set a very strong pace on the drilling side of the business.
Lance Robertson: Sure. Thanks, Lee. We took over the operations Monday. It’s been very seamless to date. Obviously, we look at the acquired acres. They’re on the oil bias side. We think it balances the portfolio across the breadth of the STACK basin very nicely for us. We’re going to have the ongoing obligations there to defend the lease position. And our heritage Marathon acreage in STACK as well is ongoing in the acquired acres. We do have a bit of excess capacity there. I think one of the things that you had recognized in our activities to date, so for example, in the results we reported this quarter, we’ve been transitioning to XL wells in our over-pressured area to look at the value there. Those well results have been very compelling, and we’re very excited about those. We also purchased this acquisition on the oil bias side based on the fact that they had among the very best productivity on a lateral-adjusted foot basis with very low capital costs, which together create a great value opportunity for us. And so we’re going to continue on that basis. But I think we also recognize the opportunity with about half the acres in the acquired package suitable for XL that we’re going to move to also test the XL in that area to see what the best long-term result for Marathon is.
Lance Robertson: I think in general about half of that’s conducive to long laterals, perhaps a bit more as we continue to consolidate and unitize in there. But that’s where we’d stand today.
Lance Robertson: Sure, Evan. This is Lance. So I’ll start kind of in the order you asked them, perhaps, but overall it’s clearly early in the STACK still. I mean we’re delineating the whole acreage, us and peers. Those well results we reported this quarter, the Irven John and the Olive June are excellent well results. They’re XL wells. They’re performing above that type curve. They’re also only about 40 days or 50 days into their total production. So I think we’re going to need to let those run a while. I think we’re excited that they’re above that curve, and so there’s certainly an opportunity for resource upgrade. We’ll also have, as you might recall, a number of other XL wells in the third quarter and fourth quarter in that same Blaine County area from our heritage acreage we’ll get to talk about. So when we get the breadth of those, and they’ve matured a bit would be a bit more appropriate time for that. Turning to the Bakken, I think the well results we reported there are really remarkable this quarter. All off of the same pad, among the three best wells put in the basin in the last three years. That really demonstrates what technology application, the right landings on the right combination is. And we have inventory like that. Similarly, we’d like to see those mature. But there are other wells in that area that also perform well, which is why we were aggressive in that area. So I think we need to let those mature. But I’d just echo your point. There’s clearly opportunity for a resource upgrade there, driven by that. Lastly, Eagle Ford. We continue to be really pleased with the results of tighter stage spacing, particularly in the oil areas in the Upper and Lower Eagle Ford. Responding very well. We’ve got a breadth of wells there now, almost 75 wells in that group. So it’s maturing, which gives us more confidence. And I think we recognize there’ll be a need to do a resource update in the not too distant future.
Lance Robertson: Yes, Evan. So I think we went last year from unconstrained Austin Chalk very quickly to 40-acre spacing in the Austin Chalk to try to find the bounds of productivity of that reservoir. I think what we’ve discovered over the last few quarters is that at 40-acre spacing when we’ve had groups, really our first groups of Austin Chalk wells together that are constrained, that the reservoir quality is very high. It’s got a lot of natural fracturing, which we suspected but weren’t certain of. And those wells are communicating laterally a bit and that overall we’re going to get the best capital efficiency in the Austin Chalk at wider spacing. In that same timeframe, we’ve also been testing the Upper Eagle Ford, really doubled the amount of our delineated acreage over that time in the Upper Eagle Ford and recognized that we could backfill some of those Austin Chalk locations with Upper Eagle Ford, but both at wider spacing. They just interact better. Ultimately, we’re looking for the highest recovery of hydrocarbon out of that unit at the lowest capital input. So we’re trying to optimize the returns at the drilling unit level.
Lance Robertson: Sure. I think you have to take a view on price, any of this, and I would reflect that we started this density testing at north of $90 a barrel. Probably looks different at $40. So the higher commodity price, I think the more you’d want to look at that ultimate density because that just drives the returns from that unit. We think where we are today, evolving, making these adjustments is appropriate for today’s commodity market.
Lance Robertson: Yeah, Paul, I think that’s an insightful question. I think what we would focus on at today’s activity, which we are, or at higher activity in the future would be in our Tier 1 inventory. As we’ve taken those technical advances, and we’ve lifted up the returns of some of our portfolio, we have such a breadth of it now that we’re going to focus within that Tier 1 first. We’ll take a portion of our activity to try to test some Tier 2 and lift it up to meet that thing. We need to stay disciplined in any price environment to make sure we’re bringing our best opportunities forward, but also taking the view that we’re going to bet on technology, we’re going to bet on the innovation and the creativity of our people to keep bringing our portfolio up accretively over that time.
Lance Robertson: Yeah. Sure. As we spun down our activity, we recognized that we have a cadre of early career talented people. And we don’t necessarily have the direct activity to put them into. So we’ve taken them out to special projects across the company. They’re out doing site supervision work on rigs and frac crews, production supervisors. So we’re retaining them in very valuable functions, maturing their leadership and their technical skills and their business acumen. And then as we grow activity, we can recall them into other petro-technical-focused roles. And they’re going to be even better prepared to take those on. So that early activity ramp, those people are here for us.
Lance Robertson: Sure. So specifically focusing on the Eagle Ford, I think as Lee referenced, our guidance takes into account our view on all that. So it’s there in it. We have made some adjustments to the development plan. You’ll see those reflected in the Eagle Ford second half of the year. Shift to focus [ph] on more, two-thirds of that activity is in the high GOR oil areas which are our highest value type curves at current pricing. And we have widened out that Austin Chalk from 40-acre to 80-acre spacing to mitigate those influences. And the three and four zone high density pads are really, we’re foregoing those for the rest of this year. And so that will help mitigate those concerns. Otherwise we’ve put into our guidance what we think the base decline from 2015’s going to look like.
