Lee Tillman: Yeah. Well, certainly, I'm not going to provide any prediction this morning, Arun. But I think we all recognized the energy policy and energy security really should be non-partisan, right? There should be full alignment on addressing the dual challenge of meeting growing energy demand and, of course, reducing the risk of climate change. And we also know that the reality is that oil and gas is going to be an integral part of any future energy transition. And in fact, has provided a pathway for U.S. energy security. I think we have a responsibility to work collaboratively with whomever prevails. So, at the federal state and local levels, so that we can meet that dual challenge, my view is failure on either is just not acceptable. I think the current uncertainty around federal land is a good reminder of the benefits of our multi-basin model asset diversification and capital allocation flexibility. Certainly, we're realistic that with a Biden win, doing business on BLM land will become more difficult, and those are his words, not mine. But I just want to remind everyone as far as Marathon is concerned, we have very limited exposure to BLM land. In fact, in our core plays less than 10% of our acreage production and reserves resides on BLM land. So overall, we don't necessarily view that element of the regulatory environment having any discernible impact on us. Clearly, we would be cognizant of the fact that under a new administration, there will be new regulations that will have to be addressed. And I take some solace in the fact, though, to remind everyone that states like New Mexico have a vested interest in having a viable oil and gas industry. We're a significant provider of revenue and jobs for a state -- was one of the highest property rates in the U.S. You touched upon everything there from foreign policy to tax policy, but maybe on the tax policy, perhaps maybe I'll kick that over today and just let Dane kind of share a few thoughts on how we're thinking about that.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. I think on the topic of portfolio renewal, I kind of take you back to the approach we've addressed before, which is first, it's really organic enhancement in our existing basins. I think we showed very clearly how we continue to expand the economic window and enhance the capital efficiency of even our more mature basins in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. So that's one element of it. We'll continue to assess smaller acquisitions and trades that we believe are accretive and fit within our footprint. We always want to be open to those types of opportunities. But whether those opportunities are small, medium and large, they still have to really address that criteria that I described in my opening comments, financially accretive. They have to be generally balance sheet neutral. There has to be industrial logic and natural synergies there. And then kind of the final element, the third element that I would highlight would be our continued commitment to our resource play exploration program. And I will just mention, as we talk about our maintenance capital kind of benchmark case into 2021. That still does include an element of resource play exploration capital as part of that plan. So we believe that, that type of model where we keep the aperture wide open on those opportunities, but then apply a very exacting criteria that's very returns focused. That's the right approach for continuing to renew the business and grow our resource base.
Lee Tillman: Yes. No, absolutely, Jeanine. Thanks for the question. Maybe just starting with those underlying assumptions and what is really changing. First of all, just reflecting back on my comments, I want to be really clear that 2021 benchmark maintenance case, does not benefit from some outsized drawdown. It is basically on an unhedged basis. And it does still include some modest resource play exploration spending. Now in terms of the improvement trend that you take note of, that is on the back really of us continuing to bake in actual performance in both operating efficiency and capital efficiency. So that's one element.  And then as you note, since essentially in these scenarios, we're holding WTI pricing constant, the gas price does have an impact. In our earlier maintenance cases, breakeven cases that we disclosed, we had assumed nominally a $2.50 gas price. Given the forward curve outlook, we have bumped that up to the $3. And so when you kind of roll all that in there, in essence, this 2021 benchmark maintenance case where we're spending basically $1 billion to hold our 4Q '20 production flat. That's delivering essentially a $33 per barrel WTI breakeven. $35, if you include our dividend. If I could, I'll maybe shift, Jeanine, to your inventory question. And -- I'm sorry, yes.
Lee Tillman: Okay. There's a lot in that question. I'll try to unpack it. Maybe, first of all, let's start just going back to some of that third-party public data that we shared. When we look at the Bakken and Eagle Ford by these objective measures, they're not just among the best. I mean, they are the best from a capital efficiency standpoint. And even as we step away from what we would consider the historic core areas, we continue to see those ranking as the best from a capital efficiency standpoint. And so, when we look at that 10 years of inventory across both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, that is high return, high-quality inventory. And without getting into hurdle rates and things, all of that inventory we would view. And certainly, within the price bands that we just addressed as being very accretive to our overall corporate returns. From a spacing standpoint, I mean, there are no, I would say, aggressive assumptions as it comes to spacing. Within the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, we have very well-established spacing designs across the zones and within the various geology that exists in the plays. We tend to look at both maximizing PV, as well as returns within a given DSU, and that's really again, supporting this 10 years of inventory. So, there's nothing in, I'd say, this analysis that is aggressive as it pertains to spacing. The other thing I would just add is that, we continue to see both on the cost and the productivity side, ways to move the needle there. From a cost standpoint, when we continue to drive down our completed well cost. And on the completions and productivity side, we continue to optimize our designs. And if you look again at our productivity data, if you normalize for geology, we continue to see an improving trend there as well. So, all the vectors are in the right direction. So I'll just pause there, Jeanine, and see if I touched upon most of your question.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Neal, well, certainly, when you look at third quarter performance, and bear in mind, this was on essentially a $40 WTI kind of marker pricing. When we're able to generate that level of cash flow in that type of environment, particularly as we kind of land, even a bit earlier on our exit rate expectations, I think that really tells the full story. And so, as we continue to move throughout fourth quarter, we're still very confident that, that trend of consistently and sustainably generating free cash flow will remain in place. And that confidence is really underpinned on that enterprise breakeven that we've worked so hard to drive as low as reasonably practical. In fact, just as a reminder, in the second half of 2020, our breakevens really for the second half of this year are in the low 30s, right? So, I just want to remind everyone of that. So, I think we're on the right trajectory. It's building on a track record that we firmly established before. I think, we had this black swan event at the beginning of this year. We were delivering on all of those metrics that matter in '18 and '19. We had returned $1.4 billion back to our shareholders in that period. And obviously, when you look at the delivery of free cash flow from our model, whether it's kind of our view of mid-cycle pricing at kind of $600 million of free cash flow or with even just modest pricing improvement towards $50, you can see the outsized torque that we have to the oil price with that number going up basically to $900 million.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Well, certainly, cycle time is an integral part of the overall well economics, just like well cost and productivity. And it's our ability to really minimize that time for when we start on the well, until we actually start making money. And so, maybe I'll just kick over to Mike and just let him talk about, we continue to see improving trends in both the Eagle Ford and Bakken on those points.
Lee Tillman: Okay, Paul, I'm going to – I'll start trying to tick through those, but thanks for the question. First of all, maybe I hope on the short answer question. For the number of wells on stream in the fourth quarter, those – we do have a higher well count. In fact, we have about double the wells to sales between third quarter to fourth quarter. But those are arriving relatively late in the quarter, and therefore, you don't necessarily see the full impact of those barrels coming online in fourth quarter. And even though, obviously, we talk about our business on a quarterly basis, we're managing our business through the quarters and looking ahead to – already to 2021 as well. On your second question, just around speculation around what generates investor relevance. First of all, I'll maybe just start off by saying the sector must certainly mature. And part of that maturity will probably be consolidation that ensures assets get in the hands of the most efficient and financially-healthy operators. Having done all the repositioning that we've done for our company, significant and sustainable free cash flow, shareholder-friendly actions, a track record dating back to 2018, we certainly believe we're one of those operators. At the end of the day, profitable and sustainable E&P companies that deliver on the financial metrics that matter are going to attract investors irrespective of size. I mean, size, obviously, is an element. But if you have a profitable company that generates strong free cash flow across a lower and more volatile price deck and that takes investor-friendly actions, my perspective is that's an investable thesis. I mean, our belief is that an E&P company should be judged on its financial outcomes and profitability, scale alone does not secure financial performance. And I'll just maybe just leave it there, Paul.
Lee Tillman: Well, I think – and I'll kick over to Dane, just a second here to maybe build on your question, Brian. But the reality is that, I think what we demonstrated in the last quarter is we can do both. We can walk in to go, meaning that we can we can address our balance sheet as well as be focused on return of cash to shareholder. Beyond the base dividend, I think, clearly, we're going to have to see achievement of some of our balance sheet goals, which we view as kind of midterm goals. But maybe I'll kick over to Dane just let him talk a little bit about the prioritization of free cash flow, which, by the way, is a great problem to have.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Yeah, I think, Brian, just to maybe reiterate our stance, because it is, obviously, I think, the topic de jure. We have confidence in our organic model. But it's not at the exclusion of strategic options that could enhance our financial outcomes. And part of the path to get there may in fact be scale. And as you stated, to that end, we do have a very well-defined criteria. I wouldn't say, it's purely theoretical, what I would say is it's very exacting because we are already generating such strong and compelling financial outcomes. When you look at our breakevens, when you look at the capital efficiency of our portfolio, when you look at the free cash flow yields that we can generate at today's pricing as well as even with modest price support, we have to be very confident that any strategic option that we were to pursue would, in fact, be additive to delivering against those financial outcomes. In terms of specific preference to basins, although that today, Bakken and Eagle Ford are certainly receiving the lion's share of capital allocation. And again, I'll take you back to that capital efficiency chart. That's what's driving that. We're going to the highest return, most capital efficient elements of our portfolio. We are also governing that investment by this reinvestment rate criteria. And so there are very competitive opportunities that reside in both Northern Delaware and Oklahoma. And we clearly see those competing for capital as we move forward in time. Would we, obviously, look in our more mature basins of the Eagle Ford and Bakken given our operations excellence in those basins? Well, certainly, we would. But we would not limit the aperture to just those two basins. I mean, to really to meet that criteria, I think right now, you do have to keep that aperture wide open and – but still rigorously test against it, because we certainly don't want to take action that would, again, erode the strength of what is already a compelling organic business model.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. Excellent observation and question. And the way I would think about Oklahoma is, first of all, as we wrapped up the drilling and completion program in Oklahoma, we had some very successful wells that came out of that program. In addition to that, clearly, Oklahoma did see some shut-ins during the peak of the crisis. And so as we brought some of those wells back online, we did, in fact, see some elements of flush production. But I think overall, there is a more moderate decline that exists and much of the Oklahoma portfolio, just due to the nature of those reservoirs. And so yes, Oklahoma has been a great successor. And I also want to just shout out to that team is despite having de minimis D&C activity, their focus on uptime, reliability and that type of performance has just been outstanding. And our most profitable barrels are the ones that we've already invested in. And so you see that, that team taking it to a whole new level and really being focused on keeping those existing barrels online and ensuring that everything from gas lift optimization to keeping our surface facilities up and running. So I think that's what you're seeing in that decline curve in Oklahoma.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. I think you probably need to differentiate activity perhaps between when wells to sales come online. Actually, our activity is very ratable in many respects in the third and fourth quarter, meaning that we have two frac crews essentially running basically, six drilling rigs running. What you're seeing is, obviously, as wells come online from pad drilling, they do tend to come on in batches. If we have a pad that has exceptionally long laterals, it will take a bit longer to get it online. And so I think what you're seeing is some natural variability in the activity. I think probably the best way to look at it would be to look through third and fourth quarter and put those two together and look across the average of that half year, and that really delivers what is, I think, a more indicative ratable capital spend, recognizing there is going to be variability on when wells are delivered. I mean, again, we don't -- we're not tailoring those wells to hit at certain points in a quarter. I mean, we're driving that those six rigs and those two frac crews to maximize efficiency. And, of course, the wells comes to sales as they come to sales.
Lee Tillman: Yes. I'll -- maybe I'll take the first part on longevity, and maybe I'll kick over to Mitch to talk a little bit about EG performance and its contribution. Clearly, Doug, for us, we believe very strongly in the three elements of resource enhancement that I talked about earlier, organic enhancement within basin, in addition to smaller trades and acquisitions and then, of course, the REx program that you mentioned. All of those are embedded in our forward outlook. We don't view that as an either/or proposition. We want to ensure that even within our benchmark maintenance case that we're continuing to reinvest in elevating in-basin performance, in-basin resource as well as continuing to support REx and have the financial flexibility that if there is a market-based opportunity that we can act on that. Strictly to the longevity, let's just kind of set all that to the side and even zero that out. We have high confidence, as you have seen in some of the presentation material, that the Eagle Ford and the Bakken are superior to really any of the U.S. shale plays. And we have a 10-year inventory life in both of those basins that we believe can drive the business to generate consistent outcomes to 2021. In other words, we don't see a falloff in that performance as we move forward in time because we're going to obviously continue to work on cost efficiency on productivity gains, et cetera. So, we see that model as being consistent and really being complemented then by the more competitive opportunities that we still have access to in Oklahoma and Northern Delaware, particularly as we see strengthening in secondary product pricing, particularly gas and NGLs. So, we are very confident in the longevity of free cash flow delivery. And we're also equally confident that we can continue to progress our, I'll call it, resource enhancement work as part of our reinvestment rate framework. Maybe I'll just kick over to Mitch for just a minute to share a few thoughts on EG and kind of the -- not only the path today's contribution of EG, but kind of what that future contribution may look like.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. I mean, we can -- we can get more into that when we actually put forward a physical business plan and talk a little bit more explicitly about the sources of our free cash flow. But the reality is, as Mitch pointed out, a big proportion of that is coming from the U.S. resource plays. And that's really -- and if you look at the fact that we had, obviously, some maintenance, et cetera, at EG earlier this year. So there have been some impacts to that. And then, coupled with the price dislocation that Mitch referenced, its contribution has been pretty -- in a relative sense, has been relatively small this year. As we move more into more constructive gas pricing, certainly, we would expect EG to perhaps come back more equivalent to historic levels that we have seen in that asset. If you rewind back to 2019, EG was throwing off considerable free cash flow. But for us, there's a -- obviously, this is where the diversity of the portfolio really comes into play, because we have that diversity, not only across basin, but also across the various commodity types. And in this case, EG may have been penalized for gas early in the year, but it could step up as we move into 2021. So, I would just say more to come as we move from kind of talking about a benchmark case to the physical business plan.
Lee Tillman: I wanted to end by recognize our employees and contractors have been so resilient, during these challenging times, never losing sight of our core values. Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil and that concludes our call.
