Lee Tillman: Thank you, Guy. And good morning to everyone, listening to our call today. I want to start on once again thanking our employees and contractors for their continued dedication of hard work, for their commitment to safety and environmental excellence, and for their contributions to another quarter of outstanding execution and financial delivery. While I get the privilege of talking about our Company's impressive results and outlet today, it is their hard work that makes all of this possible. Through our commitment to capital discipline and our differentiated execution, we are successfully delivering outsized financial outcomes for our shareholders, highlighted by more than $1.3 billion of free cash flow year-to-date For our $1 billion full-year 2021 capital budget at forward curve commodity pricing, we now expect to generate well over $2 billion of free cash flow this year.  And a reinvestment rate below 35% and a free cash flow breakeven below $35 per barrel [Indiscernible]. We are successfully delivering on all of our financial and operational objectives, and achieving bottom line results that we will put head-to-head against any other energy Company and against any other sector in the S&P 500. This strong financial performance has enabled us to pull forward our balance sheet targets. And this further improvement to our already investment-grade balance sheet has given us the confidence to dramatically accelerate the return of capital to equity holders. Under our unique return on capital framework, our shareholders get the first call on cash flow. A minimum of 40% of our total cash flow from operations in the current price environment.  Consistent with our commitment to shareholder returns and our objective to pay a competitive and sustainable base dividend, we have raised our base dividend by 20% this quarter. This is the third quarter in a row that we have increased our base dividend representing a cumulative 100% increase in the end of 2020, a sign of the increased confidence we have in our business. We are also targeting approximately $500 million of share repurchases during Fourth Quarter with $200 million already executed. At a free cash flow yield north of 20%, we believe our equity offers tremendous value. Additionally, there remains a dislocation between our equity and strengthening commodity prices coupled with a more mature business model that underwrites repurchases through the cycle. Further, buying back our stock for good value provides the added potential of significantly reducing our share count, meaningfully improving all of our per-share metrics even under a maintenance scenario, and increasing our longer-term capacity for continued per-share base dividend increases.  Looking ahead to fourth quarter, including our base dividend and planned share repurchases, we expect to return approximately 50% of our total cash flow from operations to equity holders. Fully consistent with our return of capital framework that prioritizes the shareholder first. Our financial flexibility and the power of our portfolio in the current commodity price environment provided the confidence for our Board to also increase our total share repurchase authorization to $2.5 billion to ensure we can continue executing on our return of capital plans as we progress through 2022. And perhaps most importantly, everything that we are doing is sustainable, backed by our 5-year benchmark maintenance scenario and our ongoing pursuit of ESG excellence through top quartile safety performance, significant reductions to our GHG intensity, and best-in-class corporate governance. With that brief overview, I will turn it over to Mike Henderson, our Executive VP of Operations, who will provide an update on our execution relative to our 2021 business plan.
Lee Tillman: Thank you, Pat. I will close with a quick summary of how we have positioned our Company for success and a preview of what to expect from us in 2022. Spoiler alert, there will be no surprises in 2022 and no compromise with respect to our capital return framework. If we [Indiscernible] put some focus on the financial benchmarks that matter, we are delivering top-tier capital efficiency, free cash flow yield, and Balance Sheet stream. Our 2021 capital rate of sub 35% and capital intensity as measured by capex per barrel of production, are both the lowest in our independent E&P peer group. a strong validation of our leading capital and operating efficiency. We're also one of the few E&Ps expecting to deliver a 2021 reinvestment rate at or below the S&P 500 average. We're also delivering top quartile free cash flow yield this year among our peer group, and well above the S&P 500 average. And, we are doing all of this with an investment grade Balance Sheet at sub one-time net debt to EBITDA, a 2021 leverage profile also well below both our peer group and the S&P 500 average.  In short, we are successfully delivering outsized financial performance versus our peer group and the broader market with the commodity price support we are experiencing this year. Yet perhaps more importantly, we are well-positioned to deliver competitive free cash flow and financial performance versus the broader market at much lower prices than we see today; all the way down to the $40 per barrel WTI range. This is the power of our sustainable cost structure reductions, our capital and operating efficiency improvements, and our commitment to capital discipline, all contributing to a sub $35 per barrel breakeven. Looking ahead to 2022, our differentiated capital allocation framework that prioritizes the shareholder at the first call on cash flow generation will not change. Our commitment to capital discipline will not waver with maintenance oil production, a case to be as we finalize our 2022 budget.  We believe the right business model for a mature industry prioritizes sustainable free cash flow, a low reinvestment rate, and meaningful returns to equity investors, not broad capital. Recall what we entered is the unique five-year maintenance scenario earlier this year that featured $1 to $1.1 billion of annual spending, $1 billion of annual free cash flow at $50 WTI, and a 50% reinvestment rate. Given we're no longer living in a $50 per barrel environment and that prices are currently north of $80 per barrel, it is both prudent and reasonable to consider some level of limited inflation up to about 10% that would yield modest pressure on the maintenance scenario capital range. Yet importantly, this modest level of inflation pales in comparison to the uplift to our financial performance in the current environment.  With a 2022 maintenance scenario free cash flow potentially on the order of $3 billion at recent strip pricing, or nominally 3 times the $50 benchmark outcome. And under such a maintenance scenario, we're positioned to lead the peers once again with a 2022 free cash flow yield above 20%, are in excess of the S&P 500 free cash flow yield of approximately 4%. Our minimum 40% of cash flow target translates to about $1.6 billion of equity holder returns next year. But that is a minimum, and we see significant headroom to drive that number higher. At the expected 4Q run rate of 50% of CFO, 2022 equity holder returns would increase to approximately $2 billion, while still improving our cash balance and net debt position. Even at a more conservative $60 per barrel oil price environment, our minimum 40% of cash flow target still translates to about $1.1 billion of equity holder returns in 2022.  Applying 2022 consensus estimates to the return framework disclosed by our peers only confirms our leading return of capital profile, with a double-digit cash distribution yield to our equity investors in 2022. The confidence in this outsized delivery is further supported by recent board action to increase our share repurchase authorization to $2.5 billion to ensure we have sufficient runway to continue delivering on our return of capital commitment next year. To close, our Company was among the first to recognize the need to move to a business model that prioritizes returns, sustainable free cash flow. flow, Balance Sheet improvement, and return of capital. We have also led the way and better aligning executive compensation to this new model and with investor expectations. We're successfully executing on our model today delivering both financial outcomes and ESG excellence. They're competitive not just with our direct [Indiscernible] peers, but also the broader market. With that, we can open up the line for Q&A.
Lee Tillman: Yeah, Jeanine, maybe just around out to just for clarity. As I mentioned in my remarks, when you think about the benchmark case being predicated on really $50 WTI and that capital range that we provided that 1 to 1.1, I think applying that up to 10% to that range is what at least gets you in the correct zip-code
Lee Tillman: Yeah, Rin. This is Lee, I think consistent with how we talked about in the past, we do expect to be increasing our Oklahoma and Permian allocation up to that 20% to 30% range under again, a maintenance scenario. For reference, those two basins accounted for more like 10% of our allocation in 2021 this year. Clearly, all of the commodity prices are moving in a very constructive direction which really has the net effect of really lifting all boats even in our black oil plays of the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. And I think where we're really seeing the benefit of having that strength across the commodity complex is the fact that we have this very balanced portfolio already with about a 50 Percent exposure to oil and a 50% exposure to natural gas and NGL.  So there's no -- our thinking hasn't changed. We believe there are extremely strong and competitive opportunities in both Permian and Oklahoma, the strengthening and NGL and gas has only served to elevate those further. But oil has also elevated the returns in our other basins as well. So we feel the strength of the balanced portfolio gives us that great exposure across the commodity complex.
Lee Tillman: Yes. First of all on your first question, Scott. Yes, you should think about our -- a maintenance scenario in 2022 being calibrated to our average 2021 oil production. All of us experienced some variability quarter-to-quarter in our production numbers. It's natural in the short-cycle investments that as you see that natural variability. But again, we'd be looking at a maintenance scenario to drive toward that notional 172,000 barrels of oil per day. Your second question, Scott, around our capital spending number, even in the benchmark case of one-to-one one, That number is all inclusive and includes all of our investments, including Rex as well as any other organic enhancement opportunity. Just as the $1 billion budget did this year. I mean, one of the reason that saw a little bit of peak CapEx in third quarter was the impact of bringing the 3-well pad online in the Texas Delaware Oil Plant. So that is should be looked at as an all in number. There's nothing carved out and put on the side.
Lee Tillman: I do think Scott clearly, when you look at the potential financial delivery in 2022, we have a unique opportunity just as we did in fourth quarter to not only deliver against the minimum of 40% back to equity holders but to actually exceed that. But again, that's going to be calibrated to real-time cash flow from operations and that will be something that we'll watch closely. I think Dane did a great job of laying out the mechanics, but I also wanted to stress one thing we've been really clear on. We developed our framework to really give the investor confidence in the quantum. The quantum of cash we were going to get back to shareholders. And we knew that that would be a competitive and sustainable base dividend plus something else. That something else clearly today, is share repurchases. But we didn't. We purposefully and intentionally didn't limit ourselves to a potential delivery mechanism. We wanted to keep that flexibility going forward. But as Dane said, in the current environment, the impact of a steadying rateable share repurchase program going forward makes the absolute most sense today.
Lee Tillman: Yeah. I think stepping back from the inventory, we've talked about, the greater than a decade of capital efficient high return inventory that it's really been based on nominally our $50 WTI men's cycle view. As actual prices move around that planning basis, clearly that has an impact on maturing of those opportunities and may in fact even bring additional opportunities into the economic window. So it is a very dynamic thing, but we set that planning basis on conservatively so we could give a very conservative and strong view of just how our inventory can deliver in a more modest pricing environment. To your question around how the -- the commodity's strengthening particularly the secondary products of gas and NGL alter our investment decisions. Look, we're a return driven Company, as we look at individual opportunities, we're going to be driven by -- by economics.  I won't say we're completely agnostic to the product mix but at the end of the day, it's not about barrels it's about dollars and we're going to be driven by selecting the most economic opportunities across all of our core play and then putting those into our business plan and executing efficiently against them. So, it's strictly an economic decision. And although I'm thrilled that the gas and NGL has recovered, I'm equally as thrilled that oil is sitting at above the $80 mark as well because that tends to uplift really all of our portfolio, because although we have an oil weighted portfolio, it is a very balanced portfolio. And so we are in essence taking advantage of those secondary product pricings at a portfolio level, but our individual capital allocation decisions are going to be driven by economics.
Lee Tillman: Yeah, I think that that was simply as you stated, a way for us to set up a bright line on the framework that there is a very, very high hurdle for growth. We will always be informed by the macro, but at the end of the day, it's all about delivering outsized financial metrics when we're above $60. To the extent that we see that some moderate growth would fit into that financial framework, it would become a consideration, but it still remains more of an output of our financial model as opposed to an input. And I think given the past history of the sector, it's very important for us to demonstrate clearly that in a very constructive oil price environment that we can deliver out-sized financial outcomes relative to alternative investments.  Because the reality is that we know there will be future volatility and we have to be able to, within that volatility offer competitive returns when prices are lower. So it's really just step there to really put it in the framework, acknowledge it. I think today we would say the need to drive to a number, even in that 5% range, we just don't see that today and it's hard to see it even in the near future.
Lee Tillman: Yes. Neal, obviously, we have not released our budget for next year. We're still speaking in hypothetical terms around maintenance budget. But when you consider the fact that we will have incremental capital flowing to Oklahoma and Permian, we would expect obviously, that some of that capital would be coming out of Eagle Ford and the Bakken to make room for that. But I would just say stay tuned, we'll get into a lot more detail at an asset level of allocation when we get out to the budget release in February.
Lee Tillman: Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil and I'd like to close by again, thanking all of our dedicated employees and contractors for their commitment to safely and responsibly deliver the energy the world need each and every day. Thank you.
Dane Whitehead: Thank you, Mike. As I noted last quarter, our financial priorities are clear and unchanged, generate strong [Indiscernible] returns with significant sustainable free cash flow, [Indiscernible] already investment-grade Balance Sheet, and return significant capital to shareholders. Early in the Third Quarter, we retired $900 million in debt bringing total 2021 gross debt reduction to $1.4 billion and achieving our targeted $4 billion gross debt level. With this milestone, we no longer feel the need to accelerate additional debt reduction and going forward, we plan to simply retired debt as it matures. And please note that we have no significant maturities in 2022. This Balance Sheet repositioning was achieved well ahead of our original schedule, which opened the door to begin returning a significant amount of capital to equity holders. To be clear, these are returns beyond our base dividend, which we just increased for the third consecutive quarter.  Our base dividend is actually up a 100% over that time period. Now, at $0.06 a share per quarter in the $50 million of annual interest savings will realize due to -- or gross debt will help fund a significant portion of this base dividend increase. Our equity return framework calls for delivering a minimum of 40% of cash from operations to shareholders when WTI is at or above $60 a barrel. This is a pure leading return of capital commitment. It is also competitive with any sector in the S&P 500. Our Fourth Quarter is shaping up to be an exceptionally strong pre-cash flow quarter due to a combination of higher commodity prices and oil volumes quite a bit stronger than Third Quarter. At recent strip pricing, this could take our operating cash flow to approximately 1.1 billion or about a 25% sequential increase versus the Third Quarter. Add to that, an expected increase in dividend distributions from EG and lower CapEx relative in third quarter peak, in fourth-quarter free cash flow could almost doubled to north of $850 million.  So in Q4, we expect to have lots of flexibility to exceed our 40% of operating cash flow minimum thresholds for equity returns. In fact, through our base dividend and approximately $500 million of share repurchases. We expect to return approximately 50% of our operating cash flow to investors during the fourth quarter, while further improving our cash balance and net debt position. As we also mentioned, we believe that buying back our stock in a disciplined fashion makes tremendous sense. There aren't many opportunities in the market right now that provide a sustainable free cash flow yield north of 20%. Stepping back, the full-year 2021 financial delivery is exceptional; $140 million in base dividends, $1.4 billion in debt reduction, and $500 million of share repurchases, representing a total return to investors combined debt and equity of over $2 billion.  We're over 60% of our expected full-year operating cash flow [Indiscernible] commodity prices. Our actions in 2021 have successfully repositioned the Balance Sheet and kicked off a strong track record of equity returns. Going forward, we're going to stay laser-focused on our financial priorities and our return of capital framework taking into account our cash flow outlook when making return decisions. Because our framework is based on a minimum percentage of cash flow from operations and not free cash flow, the equity investor will have the first call on cash not the drill bit. I'll now turn the call over to Pat Wagner, EVP of Corporate Development Strategy for an update on that resource play exploration program.
Dane Whitehead: Great questions. I think there's a couple of different aspects to it. One is a little more tactical about how we execute the share repurchases. So briefly on that, we execute under short, 30 to 60 day -- can be 5-1 programs, so we can set those in motion and execute them over a short period of time. And that -- because of that short duration, it allows us to really calibrate return percentages more on a real-time basis based on what we're seeing in the business, whether it's capital spend levels, commodity prices, other aspects of what's going on. It also gives you the advantage in the can be 5-1 of riding through blackout periods. We view that stepping back a little more context for the decision process about when do you exceed the minimum -- our decisions are always grounded in our financial priorities which we talk about on a regular basis; generate corporate returns, significant sustainable free cash flow, bullet proof Balance Sheet, and then return significant capital to shareholders.  We just talked about what we've done year-to-date, generated significant operating and free cash flow. Q4 looks like by far the best quarter yet from a financial perspective. The Balance Sheet is really strong and we retired $900 million debt in September a billion for year-to-date. So we're at $4 billion gross debt target ahead of schedule, and that only opens the door for much more substantial returns to equity holders if the conditions warrant. We also bumped the base dividend for the third time this year. It's up 100% over that period. And fuel's competitively positioned right now and also very sustainable through recycles at the current level. So we turned to the capital return framework that calls for returning a minimum of 40% of operating cash flow to shareholders when WTI is above $60.  We look at Q4, not only is WTI well above $60, all the commodity complex is high. Oil volumes should be quite a bit stronger than they were in Q3. We expect an uptick in dividend distributions from EG and lower capex versus Q3, which was the high point of our burn rate for the year on the capital side. So we expect that lots of flexibility to exceed 40%. We also have a desire to continue to add some level of cash to the Balance Sheet. As we go through the year ultimately our plans are to pay off debt -- future debt maturities as they mature. And they aren't significant in the future, but we'd sized have that level of flexibility, and in the process reduce our net debt. So all of this, I think it's a great example of our shareholder return framework and action.  It's -- it's based on a minimum percentage of operating cash follow, but we have the ability and latitude to make real-time decisions to exceed those minimums when conditions are right; they sure appear to be in Q4, so there's a little bit of judgment involved. Is it 50% or 55% or whatever that is, but we just need to make a call and over time, we'll have the ability to modulate that accordingly.
Dane Whitehead: Yeah, Scott, this is Dane. Let me take a first kind of that at least. I think where we sit today, it's happening no - brainer. When you look at the valuation of our stock and the fact that it's yielding in excess of 20% free cash flow that that's the place to go with the excess distribution to shareholders because great value. And if that persists than that will still be the first call on incremental cash above the base dividend. But we haven't said that's the only thing we'll ever do, obviously, over time, than to keep your options open and to manage through this process that the $2.5 billion authorization, they're truly no magic to that number. It was clear to us as of yesterday when that authorization went in place, we had 1.1 billion of remaining authorized capacity. And we would chew through a chunk of that getting through this Fourth Quarter $500 million that we talked about going into the year pretty light so we just asked the board to top that up 2.5 billion as of today and that will give us good running room into next year and if we need to up that authorization over time, we can certainly do that.
Dane Whitehead: Hi, Scott, this is Dane. Yes, so for our EG investments that are accounted for on the equity method, excuse me. I think over time it's fair to expect that cash dividends match equity income. Quarter-to-quarter, they don't always match. The timing can vary, especially in periods where you have significant changes, like a bid run-up in prices that we saw in Q3. And so in this case, dividends lagged earnings fairly significantly in Q3. We expect that to catch up in the reasonable near future. So I think when you're modeling, it's probably just -- there going to be equal -- pretty much equal over time. But you can expect to see some variability quarter-to-quarter.
Dane Whitehead: Yeah. We're we certainly can see a catch-up where the dividends exceed equity earnings in the next period.
Dane Whitehead: Good question on by the asset. And so we do have significant tax attributes in the form of NOL has the big one $8.2 billion and then foreign tax credits as well. Both of which of course will be used to offset future taxes. Our outlook, even at forward pricing doesn't have us paying federal income taxes until the latter part of the decade. And that really hasn't changed. The outlook is durable. We tested against commodity prices, a higher corporate tax rates, changes to the IDC tax treatments really don't have a meaningful impact on accelerating cash tax ability. So I think that answer hasn't changed over the past few quarters.
Pat Wagner: Thanks, Dane. We recently completed our 2021 [Indiscernible] drilling program, which is focused on the continued delineation of our contiguous 50,000 net acre position in our Texas Delaware Oil Plant. As a reminder, this is a new play concept for both the Woodford and Bareback that was secured through grassroots leasing, a very low cost of entry and with 100% working interest. It is essentially an exploration bolt-on that is complementary to our already established position in the Northern Delaware. We brought online our first multi-well pads during the third quarter. And while it is still very early, initial production rates in both the Woodford and Merrimack are exceeding our pre -drill expectations. more specifically, one of the Woodford wells achieved an IP 30 of almost 2,100 barrels of oil per day at an oil cut of 66%. This appears to be the strongest Woodford oil well ever drilled in any base.  And while we don't yet have 30-day rates for the other two wells, early indicators, including IP 24s, are all very positive. Our primary objective of this 3-well pad was to execute our first spacing testable play. To date, we're seeing no evidence of interference between the Woodford and Merrimack consistent with our expectations due to over 700 feet of vertical separation between the two sales. As I stated, it's still early and we need more production history to draw stronger conclusions, but we're certainly encouraged by the initial results from this first spacing tests, including the record Woodford productivity. The second objective was to continue to progress our learning and cost improvements in completed well costs. We expect to ultimately deliver well costs comparable to those used in the scoop and are aggressively leveraging our substantial experience hopeful how much it's at end.  In total, we have now brought our line 9 wells since play entry to the successfully delineated our positions. 6 wells with longer dated production have collectively demonstrated strong long-term well productivity. Oil cuts greater than 60%, lower oil ratios below one, and shallower declines. Looking ahead to 2022, you should expect us to continue to integrate our learnings and progress our understanding of this promising play. However, we will do so in a disciplined manner and within our strict re-investment rate capital allocation framework. I will now turn the call over to Lee, who will wrap this up.
Pat Wagner: Hi Arun, this is Pat. There have been some other tests, specifically to the south of us. There have been some Woodford test, but that area's a little bit lower pressure and not as thick. And then on the eastern side of the platform, there's been some Merrimack tests as well, but some of them have been okay. But again, not as good a pressure as ours. We think we absolutely have the best sweetest spot of the play where we have both Woodford and Merrimack stacked with good separation between them and we've had good results to-date, obviously.
Pat Wagner: Hi, Neal. This is Pat. Our primary objective is this pad has the spacing. And so right now we drilled this at a spacing of more wells per zone. We drilled 2 in the Woodford and 1 at the Bareback. So far we're seeing no interference at all between those. There is the 700 foot thickness between the 2. So we're going to give some more longer-term production on this pad and see how these wells perform. And if so, then we'll 4 by 4 [Indiscernible] development scenario. However, I think we have some opportunities to test that even further. We've obviously drilled 9 wells now, so we've had a lot of learnings on the drilling and [Indiscernible] inside. Hard to give any details on that, but we continue to refine our approach to that. I think we'll continue to drive our costs down as I mentioned in our prepared remarks. So as we go into '22, we'll continue to progress our learning there and see what else we need to do to take this thing ultimately [Indiscernible] call.
