Nick Howley: Good morning. And thanks everybody for calling in. As usual, today I’ll start with some summary comments on our consistent strategy, a few comments on our fiscal year ‘19 performance, outlook and then our capital allocation. To reiterate, we are unique in the industry, due to both our consistency and our ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products from which we believe we are the sole-source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have higher margins and provide relative stability in the downturns. Our long standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation, as well as the careful allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple well proven value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system very closely aligned with our shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit with our strategy and where we see a clear path to PE like returns. And lastly, our capital allocation and capital structure are a key part of our value creation methodology. As you saw from our press release, we had a strong third quarter with both revenue EBITDA As Defined and earnings per share well ahead of consensus. This is in spite of the payment of a $16 million voluntary refund from the Department of Defense. Our businesses are seeing strong demand in all major markets. Far and away the largest portion of our business, our worldwide commercial aerospace markets is quite strong. The smaller worldwide Defense segment is also doing well. TransDigm's legacy businesses performed well and the Esterline acquired businesses exceeded our acquisition model and our prior guidance. We have increased the full year guidance substantially to reflect both of these factors. We now expect the Esterline businesses to run at an EBITDA margin in the mid 20% range for our 6.5 months of ownership. A long-term opportunity in Esterline is quite likely better than we modeled in our valuation and at this point Esterline is improving faster than we originally modeled. We do not intend to comment on the 2020 outlook at this time. We will do so during our November call. With respect to M&A and capital allocation, as I'm sure you saw, we executed an agreement to sell the Scoria business to Eaton for $920 million. We expect this to close during the first quarter of our fiscal year 2020. We currently anticipate that this will be the largest disposition of the Esterline businesses. We do however expect to sell some other businesses. Souriau and any other Esterline businesses we may sell have less proprietary aerospace and aftermarket content than we target, as such, they all fit well with our consistent long-term strategy. With respect to capital allocation, as we have done a number of times in the past, we’ve decided to pay a special dividend of about $30 a share, or roughly 60 - 6% of the recent 30 day average share price. This will be paid on or about August 23. Given the recently announced sale of Souriau for $920 million, the significant amount of cash currently available, our solid operating performance and our ongoing expectations we think this is appropriate at this time. This still leaves the company with substantial liquidity and the financial flexibility to deal with any currently anticipated capital requirements or other opportunities that may come up in the readily foreseeable future. After the special dividend payout in late August, we still anticipate having about $1.3 billion of cash and about $725 million of unused and unrestricted revolver as of the end of our fiscal year, that is 9/30/19. We also have additional capacity under our credit agreement. After closing the Souriau sale and assuming no further acquisitions or capital market activity, we expect our cash balance to be over $2 billion at the end of Q1 fiscal 2020. We still expect to have borrowing capacity under our agreement and the revolver balance still available. As always, we will regularly evaluate our capital requirements and allocation decisions as we go forward. We continue to actively evaluate and seek M&A opportunities. We have a decent pipeline of mostly small mid-size possibilities. I can't predict or comment on possible closings, but as I said before we are still working steadily at M&A and we're open for business. And now let me hand it over to Kevin to more fully review our performance, outlook and a few other items.
Nick Howley: The only thing I might add is on the downside, Kevin I don't know that we’ve seen any significant downside if we didn't know how to move into it. Hopefully that continues to be the case.
Nick Howley: I think it’s something we wanted to note. We have seen a little softness or slowing down in maybe some of the business jet side, but just wanted to comment on that that was dragging down the total number. And certainly on the FTK side the cargo metrics have become more important to us because of acquisitions we've made over the years. And just wanted to draw that to everyone's attention that that's an important piece for us and has performed not unexpectedly although it's a little bit of a drag on our aftermarket number.
Nick Howley: In the freights I don't have that split out in front of me. So, I can't comment on that. I think in general its better. Liza's giving me the thumbs-up. So, it's generally getting better in that cargo space.
Nick Howley: Yes. I don't - I wouldn't take a lot from that quarter. This is Nick. Seeing - put the whole thing in the picture it seems like a reasonable number to go with right now. As you can see, we continue to build up both the cash and financial flexibility. So we'll make that call sort of quarter-by-quarter.
Nick Howley: I think it's too early to tell on this. We certainly feel good about the acquisition exceeding our expectations so far. But it's too early as we haven't completed our market segmentation work on Esterline. We both did things a little differently and we need to go through this accurately and it's on a part number by part number basis, so it takes some time. So, we're still going through this.
Nick Howley: Bookings are still – we’re still booking. We're still booking ahead of sales, but at a slower rate. I think our total bookings for the year versus ‘18 are only up modestly year-over-year. We still see strength in OEM. I think our aftermarkets - defense aftermarket has slowed a bit on the bookings side. So that's our commentary on bookings. That's why we anticipate this will be flattening out. It just hasn't happened yet. It's difficult to predict when some of the bookings are due to ship. Just trying to flag what we see has some weakness in our business looking forward. But it's a smaller piece for us, but just looking to be fully transparent.
Nick Howley: I don't have any bookings trend in front of me on Esterline and there's nothing to comment on right now on that. And I don't want to get into the specifics of this business or that business. But I think in general, we are happy with the acquisition appears to be exceeding our expectations. So that includes there is good demand out there.
Nick Howley: Interesting question. That was certainly what I wanted to illustrate and including them. In terms of the amount of time, or where I can get to, I think what it tells us is there's a lot of operational improvement that we have to go through in our facilities. It's not just there's a lot of work to be done here as we look at the facilities. I think there is cost to remove. There is improvements to make. I think Kirkhill sits as an example, because it was undercapitalized on some key areas and was sort of in a difficult maybe even losing morale. That has been the part, if you turn around, and drive with our culture. I think that it's going to take time. Operations improvements don't come in and just wave a magic wand and they happen. But clearly, across the board, there is a lot of work to be done here to get these businesses to delivering on time with the quality necessary appropriate quality. So there is a lot of work to be done. So it will take time on the order of several years to get this is where we needed to be and where our customers need it to be. I think that's all I can comment on. Again, we're still unpacking the Esterline businesses and each one is a bit of a snowflake. Each one needs different structural improvements. Some need hiring. Some need engineering injection. Each one requires a different business plan to get it turned around. But what we provide is that intimate transparent contact with our EVPs and the business units, in a forum that is all about - not about blame, but about finding the solution and driving it quickly.
Nick Howley: Yeah. I think we gave - this is Nick. I think we give you when we first talked about the acquisition some sense of what we thought was core kind of businesses and what didn't now. And I think that umber was somewhere in the 20%, 25% -- now that's not all severable because some of it sort of embedded in other businesses. I think the guidance we gave you on about $1 billion and more of asset sales, as you see we got 920 on the first one, and I don't think we're finished. So, I think that's pretty safe conservative guidance. All these things go as we anticipate.
Nick Howley: No. I think it bears constant watching to see if it changes, but so far, it’s not. So we are 9% year-over-year growth in the large commercial transport aftermarket. That’s a robust number. So I feel good about it. Yes, freights are a little weaker. We've been flagging that for a little while. Business jet, we've also been flagging as not really understanding the fundamentals behind that market, and why it's predicted to go up so much. But beyond that, we’re seeing a little bit softer in freight, a little bit softer in business jet. But our large transport again robust at plus 9%.
Nick Howley: I don't, the truth of the matter is I don't know. I'm not - I think we couldn't have the normal - and I trust that. I expect that we would get the same kind of results, but it's just - frankly I just don't know. We haven't seen any indication of that yet or do we anticipate.
Michael Lisman: Thanks, Kevin. It was a good third quarter. I’ll quickly review the financial results of revised full year guidance in more detail. First for the legacy, TransDigm business and then second for Esterline. So for the legacy TransDigm business third quarter net sales were just over $1.1 billion, which is up approximately 13% versus the prior year. Organic sales growth was above average at 11.8% and drove the majority of the increase. EBITDA As Defined increased 14% from the prior year to $557 million. Excluding the non-operating $16 million voluntary refund paid to the U.S. government EBITDA As Defined would have been $573 million implying a margin of 51.4% versus the 49.7% from last year’s third quarter. Now switching gears over to Esterline. Esterline generated $545 million of revenue and $134 million of EBITDA in our Q3, which implies an EBITDA margin of 24.6%. As Nick and Kevin mentioned, this margin is ahead of our expectation and beats the rough EBITDA margin guidance we provided on last quarter’s call. Now for the consolidated entity including both legacy TransDigm and Esterline. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $4.95, which is up 23% from the same quarter last year. If you were to exclude the $16 million non-operating charge for the voluntary refund and then also a $10 million one-time tax charge that we took during the quarter, adjusted EPS would have been $5.35 per share, which is an increase of 33% from last year's third quarter. A quick update on taxes. We’re still expecting our GAAP and cash tax rate to be about 24% to 25% for the year and we’re expecting an adjusted tax rate of roughly 26.5%. On cash and liquidity, we ended the quarter with just over $2.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 5.8 times. Pro forma for the dividend that was just announced, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio will increase to approximately 6.3 times as of the date of the dividend payment which is about August 23. One final note on financial disclosure going forward. In our comments on today's call as well as on the call slides, we've given some additional info on Esterline’s financial performance for the first full quarter under TransDigm ownership. Going forward, so on the November earnings call and after, we do not intend to disclose this information. As Kevin mentioned, the Esterline organization as it used to exist is largely now gone and the 20 business units that used to comprise Esterline report independently into TransDigm within our power, airframe and non-aviation segments. I would also quickly caution everyone not to expect $130 million plus of EBITDA from the former Esterline business units going forward as this figure for our Q3 includes certain units that are likely to be divested as Nick stated. With that, I’ll hand it back over to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Michael Lisman: I think the stats you gave are directionally accurate. We have some one-time cash charges on the Esterline acquisition. If you were to take a stab at backing those out, I think you would get closer to the 45% to 50% range on EBITDA conversion that we've had historically. And that's true for the quarter and the full year.
Michael Lisman: It is. It is. And obviously as you get to a higher leverage points in the cycle, you're with the interest payment it will be slightly towards the lower end but it will be in that range as we’ve been historically.
Michael Lisman: We haven’t – it’s basically in the guidance as we said. We haven't given specific or quantified in the past exactly what business units are contributing to our guidance. We don't want to start doing that now. But we expect basically it's in the guidance for the year, there's a chance it could move into discontinued operations during the next quarter. And I think you've probably seen from the some of the press releases that are out there roughly what it could be contributing on revenue and EBITDA.
Michael Lisman: The exact cash for the year, I don't have the year in front of me. It's $60 million for the - $60 million is cash for the year and the bulk of it fell into this quarter.
Michael Lisman: We are guiding individually on Esterline versus legacy TransDigm. We’re just basically doing it, Noah, as a consolidated company, going forward. And that's how we're going to do it, in future quarters as well.
Michael Lisman: No. It's higher than that. And closer to something more like what we did this quarter and mid-teens.
Michael Lisman: We basically - we run the businesses, Rob, towards more and look more at EBITDA margin, over time. If you were to look historically, as well as this quarter, has trended down a little bit, by a couple of tenths of a percentage points. And we expect to see continued improvement like that, going forward.
Michael Lisman: We’re finalizing our calculation. Our rough estimate is we expect an amount like that to run out over three to four years when the contract is complete.
Michael Lisman: I think that the detail for you to run that computation would be in the Q that we released this week. So I would just point you towards that when it comes out.
Kevin Stein: Positively, I think the amount of opportunity we’re finding. I think the way that the teams are identifying that with us and aggressively going after it. I think that has been just a breath of fresh air how much opportunity there is both on improving the operations themselves and in productivity and other items. But really in improving the operations there's a tremendous amount of opportunity. But that's also the negative is that finding businesses that I think are in times need some more capital injection, need to redo their operations, drive accountability. I think it all fits well with the TransDigm model. I also think some of the morale was maybe a little lower than it could have been. So I think the teams are responding very well to our leadership and assistance we’re providing.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. That's difficult. So we will give guidance for 2020 next year. It’s difficult for us as we're still unpacking us to give you a lot of guidance on that. So can we give 2020 guidance next earnings call? I know that it's difficult to model right now, but we're still trying to unpack and learn this as we go as well.
Kevin Stein: I think in general it's conservatism on our parts. That's what we’re stressing right now as again we're learning and unpacking the Esterline businesses. We haven’t seen anything as Nick said that alarms us, but we just don't want to get anyone ahead of our performance just yet.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think it's really across the board. Not to cop out on you, but operationally we're getting more volume through the facilities. We've done some selective hiring in a few places. So operationally, productivity we're getting more out of the same milestone and we're able to do it at lower costs. We're finding some pricing opportunities. Certainly, there's some lost contract reserves that Mike has discussed that are put into there that we'll have to resolve out into the future. But it's really on all legs of our value generation stool. It's productivity, it's price, it's value generation, it's driving more volume across the milestones and it's also winning new business as we go forward. So I can't point to any one area. I tried to give some evidence of our operational progress that is significant on the Kirkhill side to give you some evidence of the problem or the opportunity that we're facing and what we're doing about it.
Kevin Stein: We've made great strides you heard. 400% output improvement on key fields that we were struggling on before our overdue is down. But that's just on one – that's on the F-35 sell itself. There's still a lot more work to be done throughout the rest of the plan.
Kevin Stein: It’s difficult to comment on underselling. I think again, it's going to take us time to unpack this. So difficult for me to know, I think there's been strong response from customers. I think the aerospace environment knows what TransDigm does, when it takes over a company, about fixing them, making them better, investing, driving operations improvements. And I think that positive attitude has certainly come forward from our customer base, but beyond that difficult to comment.
Kevin Stein: We frequently find operations that aren't performing at the level that they need to for what their customers expect. So, if that is specifically what you're asking, yes, we do see.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think you’re right. We do find, in general, that businesses that we acquire need to have some part of their operations fixed. They make great products. They’re great engineers. But operationally, they run a little laughter than they need to, on delivery performance and other key attributes. So, yeah, that means that, many of them, if not most, are improvement projects when we get them. And I think, yeah, you’re hitting on the point that, I've been trying to drive on that, when there's more to us. We’re excellent operators. And we fundamentally improve businesses, by investment, by structure, by empowering the teams to make a difference. And it absolutely works.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I'd suggest as Mike says - focus on the EBITDA margin. And I would - in total with the Esterline included I would expect we should see that continue to move up. Hard to say - I don't know exactly which piece it comes out of.
Kevin Stein: No. There is not – there is nothing that stands out as a slowdown. It's conservatism. There's some unknown that we talked about with MAX and other piece is that we try to include. But I think it's just conservatism given the market.
Kevin Stein: We don't do a lot of the initial provisioning, but given that they are slowing down shipments that would - 737 provisioning was a significant piece for you that would make sense. It's not a significant piece for us. So we don't - we've been building at anywhere from 42 to full rate depending on what our customers want from us So it's kind of different business-by-business, but our forecast going forward assumed a 42 build rates.
Kevin Stein: You know, I think, F-35 is a leading program for us. I comment on that that continues to do well and continue to grow and expand for us. Many of our businesses are on that platform, but I think, we look for that. I anticipated that question, we all did and we went looking for are there any one-timers. It's nicely spread across the business. If you look for platforms that takes us a little bit longer to diagnose, but F-35 is important. The A400 is important. You know, there is a lot of important platforms the same ones that you would expect, but the OEM strength is really nicely across many businesses for us.
Kevin Stein: I assume their strength, because I am not seeing it as regionally weak, I assume that it's solid across. But I can't comment for sure.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I can't point to that gave us X amount of uplift in the quarter. It's in the noise. The other legacy planes were already flying. They are simply flying them a little bit harder than they were before. So we haven't seen anything noticeable and I think that is similar to what others have commented on in the industry so far.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I only asked that because, I mean, we know a lot of the inputs and the algebra. But not all of them, but it looks like, the guidance implies, kind of like almost like a mid-teens margin for Esterline, in the fourth quarter versus the over 20, you're running at in the.
Noah Poponak: Right. That's - so I think yeah Nick, that's what I was asking because it didn't square with that comment.
Noah Poponak: Well, I guess I'm asking less on operations broadly, which I think, what I think of as just sort of price cost and margin performance. I’m asking more specifically on the delivery specification to the customer. Because I sense that, that's something that sort of underrated in your business, relative to all the things, we think about that go into the business. And so I'm curious, if that was very…
