Gregory Rufus: Rob, I'm not following because I don't know if you're going quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year here, but our interest...
Gregory Rufus: Less from operating working capital. I think you'll notice, though, our cash taxes will be higher next year than this year. Just a little color on the CapEx, our normal DSOs and inventory turns should be as normal.
Gregory Rufus: Under $100 million. This year, as a percent of the provision, it was like 70% and next year, it's 80%. So I thought it was working those [ph] out.
Gregory Rufus: In defense. In defense, yes. Defense bookings were surprisingly down this quarter and broadly down. Not just if you looked at 1 unit, you get [indiscernible] order before and now it went away, it's broadly down.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Hold it, can I just stop a minute. 100 basis points is -- I threw a couple of margins around. So let's be sure we're talking about the same one.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes, got it. The other one I threw around, Rob, was the -- if you pull out the 5 acquisitions, most recent, I gave you the margins for the base businesses that we had going into '13, how they did year to year to year. I was trying to give you a sense of what the base was doing.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Well, the 18% is, as you know, Rob, we don't disclose the pricing in our different segments. The 18% is a mix of -- it's the normal mix of unit and price.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I can't -- I can't say that's true. I think the answer is no to that, Rob. And at least none that I specifically know of.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I can't say there's significant difference between the discretionary and the nondiscretionary. It's a rising tide right now. If you look at our units, almost -- not all, but almost all of our units are up. As I said, I think in the press release, and little bit when I talked about the guidance for next year, I'm a little concerned that we're running out ahead of ourselves. 15% and 18% is not a sustainable number, and if you -- I don't think, and if you peel back, as I mentioned, and you look at the commercial transport, which is where the bulk of the numbers are, that's rising even faster. Because, as I said, the biz jet helicopter and GA stuff is about flat or slightly up. So I think it could be a little ahead of itself, and it's pretty broad.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes, let me first answer on the stock buyback. All we did there was we had $200 million of authorization, of which, we used about $160 million of it. So all we did there was just refill the -- we just refilled the availability. I wouldn't draw anything from that. We had $2 million [ph] before, I think I now have $250 million. That's just reflective that the company's a little bigger so we approved a little more. We have no specific plans other than we may well opportunistically buy things from time to time. So that answers that. The M&A activity, yes, we got -- we see a little more activity now. We see -- clearly, we see more activity in Europe but we see some in the U.S., too. I have no ability to predict when or, if any, of them will close, but we're more active now than we were, say, 3, 4 months ago.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Not a heck of a lot different. We've seen some not real big, but we've seen some on the -- a little bit on the larger size. I mean, not -- I'm not talking hundred millions of EBITDA, but most are more in the normal range.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Rob, I think that's very dependent on the capital market situation, where our outlook is for acquisitions. I don't think, over the long haul, our kind of range is changing but, as you know, the credit markets have been uniquely accommodating for the last 12 to 24 months. So we'll take a look at that over the next 3, 4, 5, 6 months and see what the future looks like and see what it looks like. I don't -- I wouldn't want to get -- I wouldn't want to get committed into a band or a number one way or the other just because the market has been so accommodating.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Oh, we could surely -- we could lever up. I mean, the market would allow us to lever up higher than the current level. The market would allow us. That's...
Walter Nicholas Howley: And our credit agreement would allow us to go up to 7 1/4%. That's not to say that we want to do it, but that's what the situation is.
Walter Nicholas Howley: A combination of those. A combination of those. I mean, we were at 15 and 18 [ph] so what's that? Average 16.5 [ph]. And if you peel off, you throw out the business jet and helicopter business, it was up higher than that. Well, the underlying consumption is not that high. So there is a mix in which I can't exactly draw a beat on it, but there is some mix of some deferred maintenance and some stocking in there. Now there was clearly a de-stocking and a deferral in '13, so we likely are just catching a little of that back up.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Well, it's only a one down quarter, and we've seen down quarters before in the bookings, so we don't want to overreact to it. But I will clearly say it's uncertain and unclear. If you look at what's going on in the world, you would expect you may see some pickup in defense ordering activity for repairs and spares and replenishment, things like that. So we were a little surprised that we haven't seen them, and that makes us cautious. But I would tell you, if you told me it was 5% one way or the other, I would say I can't call it that close.
Walter Nicholas Howley: We're not -- we're not -- I mean, maybe a little bit but not a lot. I mean, someday, we will see a pickup in that, but it's been out in front of us every year for the last 3 or 4 years, so we're a little wary of it.
Walter Nicholas Howley: It's all kinds of power, it's not just engine. I don't know the exact number but frequently, they say an engine makes up -- and the claptrap that goes with it, makes up 25% to 30% of the plane. I suspect we're somewhere in that kind of range.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't know that I would change the go-forward forecast. Frankly, we haven't -- I don't know of anything discontinuous in 2016. But honestly, we haven't looked very closely at it. It won't materially change the cash flow one way or the other. So -- but I don't think we're setting a new level, but I just can't tell what 2016 is yet.
Walter Nicholas Howley: On the oil, I mean, you know the traditional rule of thumb is if the oil prices drop down, they keep the old planes running longer and that would tend to give you a little more aftermarket. Whether that'll happen, I have no idea how to speculate on that. But that's the traditional wisdom. I don't have a good view for the A350 provisioning, and we clearly don't have anything baked into our forecast.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't think so. I mean, we don't have any immediate plans, but that's not to say we couldn't sell something small if it didn't fit [ph]. But we don't -- we have no immediate plans to sell anything.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I mean, I think the guidance we gave is the guidance we gave. Could there be some upside? Of course, there could. Could there be some downside? There could. But I think, I've got to stick, David, with the guidance we gave.
Walter Nicholas Howley: No, they're moving up some, too. They're moving up some, too. Frankly, I haven't solved back into that math. Have you, Liza? I haven't solved back into it.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I wouldn't draw any particular distinction. They're both picking up. I wouldn't -- I don't think there's a particular distinction to be drawn there, Myles.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't know how to parse that out. Clearly, the fact that we have a bad comp coming into the year is not a plus. So I just, I don't know how to parse those 2 out, Myles.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Well, I don't want to comment on the quarterly. What I would say is we're a little concerned that we're coming out of the year heated up.
