Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to very quickly elaborate on some of the financial results that Kevin just discussed. As a reminder and as mentioned on our last earnings call, the Esterline organization is it used to exist including the corporate office is for the most part now gone with the business units which used to comprise Esterline reporting independently into TransDigm. We're therefore not planning to give too much specific color or details around Esterline's performance separate from that of legacy TransDigm. So, for the consolidated TransDigm business, a few quick notes on how we ended the first quarter of FY 2020. And as a reminder, Esterline closed mid-March of last year. So, it's not included in any of the fiscal 2019 stats that I'm about to reference. As Nick and Kevin both mentioned, first quarter net sales were up approximately 48% versus the prior year. Organic sales growth was strong at 8.7% and this figure still completely excludes Esterline. So, it's for the legacy TransDigm business only. The Esterline acquisition drove the remaining 39% of the increase. On EBITDA as defined $681 million for the quarter, that was up 40% versus last year and adjusted EPS of $4.93 was up 28%. On cash and liquidity, this gets a little messy due to the timing of the dividend. We declared the $32.50 per share dividend in December, but then did not pay it until early January. So, I'm just going to give you the pro forma financial stats since that's what matters. So, pro forma for that $32.50 dividend per share that was paid on January 7th, our cash balance is $2.3 billion and net debt-to-EBITDA is now 6.1 times. We also currently have access to about $720 million of our revolver. Now, a quick update on interest and taxes. Interest expense is expected to be about $1.02 billion in fiscal 2020 and this estimate's unchanged from our prior guidance. As some of you may have seen, we're currently in the market with a repricing of our $7.5 billion of term loans. This reprice is still in the process of being finalized and we'll update the interest expense guidance next quarter once the repricing completes. On taxes, our fiscal 2020 GAAP, cash, and adjusted rates are all still expected to be in the range of 24% to 26% which is unchanged from prior guidance. With regard to liquidity and leverage at the end of fiscal 2020, assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market transactions, we now expect to have over $3 billion of cash on hand at the end of the year. This is a slight reduction from previous guidance just to account for the $1.9 billion dividend we paid in the first week of January. In closing, the first quarter was a good start to the year for TransDigm. And with that I'll turn it back to the operator to start the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: That's right. That's right. It was stronger this quarter than it will be next quarter just because of the timing of interest and tax payments. We have fewer payments this quarter and next quarter our fiscal Q2 double payments on interest and taxes. So, it's a little bit less. But that's right for the year.
Mike Lisman: I think that's right. One thing I'd add too is, just on the aftermarket point. We looked at Esterline from the outside in for years before the acquisition finally happened and looked at the aftermarket and couldn't make sense of the low 10% to 12% rate that was published. And I think from an M&A due diligence standpoint, one thing going forward is, we might put less faith on what a company tells us, just because they might not be tracking it the way TransDigm would.
Mike Lisman: Yes. I think that's right. In addition to some of the productivity and all the points, Kevin made, the Esterline business has seen good growth. So for the TransDigm legacy business we referenced the 8.7% organic growth that the Esterline business is growing in that same sort of ballpark. So pretty strong revenue growth and it's from a mix of both price and volume.
Mike Lisman: Yes. We're crossing Is or crossing Ts with Is to finish it this week. It should wrap up this Thursday and we'll issue an 8-K, but we expect the rate to tick down slightly on the term loans. Now we also got that package of amendments.
Mike Lisman: I don't think so. The long-term guidance on across all three rates is still 24% to 26%. And if you were looking for something to plug into a model, I'd encourage you to just stick in that range at this point.
Nick Howley: Yeah. I don't know that I have any great insight for you. The – no, I mean, I see all those puts and takes too. I mean I'd have to put it on the better rather than worse side of the ledger though the slowing RPM always gets your attention a little bit. As you know that can be sort of a leading indicator sometimes. The situation in China who knows where that goes. The -- I guess the closest model would be the SARS situation whatever that was some number of years ago. And that for a quarter or two had a pretty significant impact. I think I – obviously, I come down the same place as Kevin. We're sort of -- we're going to change our view from the beginning of the year. So I have to say there's probably a wider band around it than there might have been six months ago.
Nick Howley: I don't think I can give a number. We got so many different part numbers now and so many different economic situations. Some are significant essentially upfront and some aren't much. I don't think I can give you a very good number on that Rob. I would say if you look at a program, it's going to have a development that goes on. Pick your number three, four, five, six seven years depending on the situation. You're not going to make much money until you get through the first four, five-year period because either you're on warranty or even if it's not a warranty as a practical matter things don't break much or you don't get much in the first four or five years. So you're surely out four, five years after production before you're starting to see any significant, I’d say positive net on the whole thing. Beyond that I just -- it's just too dependent on the specific part in program.
Nick Howley: I mean the only thing I'd add is we're pretty well distributed across the fleet. So I mean, if you look at where the fleet is around the world and you look at where the miles are flowing around the world, ultimately if those change, the weighted impact of that will reflect on our demand at some point.
Nick Howley: Great. And the only thing I'd add Kevin is I believe 3% to 10% is not just factory. It's across the headcount.
Nick Howley: I would hope so. We would expect that would be the case. I mean our hope is Carter to be out ahead of this not behind it.
Nick Howley: I think the 787's a little bit less. But I don't -- I'm not looking at that or in front of me. But we have modeled that that would drop by I believe it's four units a month in early 2021. So, yes that's factored into our thoughts. Okay. And as I said the 3% or 4% on the 737 just to be clear that is more like at full production.
Nick Howley: Yeah. My primary activity is here of course. As you probably know I'm a Chairman there. I'm not an active manager and an investor.
Nick Howley: Yeah. I guess, I'd say a couple of things. I think, our organizational method of keeping it separate for the first 12 months or so, I think, was a plus and that there's – you buy something with that many operating units and there's a lot of heavy lifting to be done in the first year. So keeping that so it didn't confuse and leak over into our base business, I think, was a good call for us. And I think it's a model we probably think to repeat again if we bought something like that. I think we also had a combination of, what I'll call, good luck and good management. By the good management I'd say, we're in a space we know pretty well. So we can make judgments, even when some of the numbers don't make sense. And I think our operating methodology is -- works well and proven over and over. I'd say in the good luck category, I'd say, we were conservative in the forecast because we – you don't get as much information as you usually get. And when you buy something and good luck category is there, didn't turn out to be a big bump in there somewhere. So that's the comments I have.
Nick Howley: I completely agree with that. It's caution in there. There's a lot of information isn't known and we don't want to send the wrong signals and have to change them or modify them. We'd rather be cautious on this.
Nick Howley: No. Not that I know of. It would surprise me if it had much impact. As you know we buy proprietary aerospace stuff with a decent aftermarket. In other words, we buy good businesses. People usually don't sell good businesses in times of temporary down cycle. Now if you told me this was going to drop down like a rock and go on for a long period of time I'd say that might stress some people. But given the situation that exists today, I'd be surprised if it changes anyone's view of the -- either the whole period or what they want to buy or sell for good businesses. Now, I would say for non-proprietary businesses that are very heavily weighted towards OEM or particularly the 737, it could stress the hell out of them but that's not the kind of stuff that we typically buy.
Kevin Stein: As we've talked about you get limited due diligence up front. So we went in not sure all that we would find. I think, in general, we've found that things have been better than we assumed up front and there hasn't really been, yet, anything that is a bad news, anything that we didn't anticipate or expect. It certainly emboldens us for the future to continue to look at acquisitions like this.
Kevin Stein: So to answer that one, first off, we have -- initially we saw some slowdown. We have been meeting frequently with the DoD, DOA, IG and other important stakeholders in the process, to continue to communicate, to answer questions. Once we started doing that, I think, some of the pent-up demand started to flow a little bit. So I'm not believing that a slowdown to get to the point, I think, that you're driving at a slowdown in defense aftermarket bookings is anything more than a filling of the bins up around the ranch. That's still what we believe. We have seen that our interaction with the DoD, DOA has been positive. We're communicating, spending time, going through the issues and it's positive.
Kevin Stein: No. We don't look at our business like that from a geography. And it's also the way that our products are distributed and sold. You can sell to one region and that's where the distributor is based and it goes all over the world. So we're -- we don't have great data on individual consumption by country or airline or platform. So, no, we don't have that kind of visibility to offer you.
Kevin Stein: No, no. We don't have a composite POS any longer that -- the flow-through sales from our distribution partners that we can comment on after the combination of Esterline into the TransDigm businesses, because they tended to use different distributors. It made the metric not as useful for us so far. So I don't have any good comment on POS in distribution by region. I know what you're driving at and we keep looking for that as well to see if there's a pickup in 737 MAX related to the aftermarket in specific regions, are there any slowdown, but we don't have that kind of granularity to be able to give you that commentary.
Kevin Stein: Of course, we look at all of these are opportunities to drive productivity. Productivity is an important part of our value driver mindset. We announced a 3% to 10% headcount reduction in the call so far. I think that's going to vary by business. We'll see the impact of that far out in the second half of the year. It'll vary by business depending on impact and what they're seeing and what the order book looks like. So we're looking at this as the right thing to do to drive productivity. Is it opportunistic? And will we see better productivity out the other end? I don't know. We certainly aim to be very efficient in the way we run our businesses not let extra labor sit around, not go after PET programs or other projects. We're already working productivity aggressively. So there's maybe nothing additional to be gained by putting more people on productivity but we want to manage our headcount efficiently in all of our resources the correct way.
Kevin Stein: Absolutely. And it will probably I don't know how it will split out on that. And the reason why I'm giving you a range is because we're still early in this process of implementing. I think most people have already been notified. But given our decentralized nature and this – the actions happen at the plants, they don't happen at corporate. So I'm still waiting to hear back on all of that.
Kevin Stein: Yes, that's -- obviously, we don't know. But in the fullness of time, it should continue to move in the direction that TransDigm is at. Whether it gets all the way there or not remains to be seen, but in the fullness of time, we don't see that this is a business that hampered in any way fundamentally.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I wish I had some better -- it's surprising to us as well. Given the take-offs and landings after a few years of strength still not back to the pre-2008 levels but we just haven't seen anything and recently it's gone negative. So, our -- what we're seeing here is a little bit of a surprise I'll have to say and I don't know how long it will last. Certainly, the fundamentals of the industry don't appear to be good, but we're still seeing solid demand. So, we will continue to ship it, but I wish I had a better explanation for you on why or where it's coming from. What we see across this business given the aftermarket nature whether its defense, it's commercial, it's bizjet is that aftermarket orders can be lumpy and that's part of what we're seeing I think.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, we have had some communication with Boeing on what this will look like. We have taken our rates down to zero more or less where we are right now. And it will gradually build out based on what Boeing is communicating to us, which again this is early days in the communication process. So we're following their guidance on this, I’m not hedging it further.
Kevin Stein: I think it's too early to tell right now. We are still figuring out the downside of some of the headwinds we're talking about balancing this out. I think, I need a little more time to comment on that on whether it's neutral or will add anything to the EBITDA for the year. So, I just need a little more time on that. It's too early in the year to change that.
Kevin Stein: No. We look for it. It was a surprise that it was a solid strong as it was. I will say that that's -- the 17 in the quarter isn't just an artifact of the acquisition. TransDigm legacy, although I said I wouldn't refer to this I wanted to give you some reassurance that the TransDigm legacy business would have still been a highlight -- a headline number that everyone would have reacted to. So we're seeing strength across the board. It's not due to a program. It's not due to a single business unit and it really wasn't any one-timers that we saw in there.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I would say not much of it. Aftermarket is built on the same lines as the OEM products for the largest extent. So the volume occurs on the OEM side. You can't make it up in aftermarket. You can't move people around necessarily. They're trained on certain pieces of equipment or processes. So I would say it's not that fungible that you can so easily move people around. We certainly try to do that first. And where there are needs we try to certainly move people. It's – you have to take a riff or reduction when you don't see those opportunities out there.
Kevin Stein: Yes. The -- for the quarter for Q1 it was a little soft. So, I think I commented that we saw some negative growth there and then on the freight side. The freight side it made sense. We've seen slowing FTKs for a while. On the interiors, I noted previously we were starting to see some orders some interest here that would turn things around. And that's I think the case when I look at the bookings for the future and our interior side of the business, they're starting to grow again. So, that may be an indication that future quarters will be better on the interior side of the aftermarket.
Kevin Stein: I don't think I said that we were seeing any cuts in bizjet. I think what we're seeing on the OEM side is new programs. We're on all of the important new programs here on the business jet side and we're seeing bookings come in. We're seeing shipments on that. On the aftermarket side, I think pleasantly surprised that the aftermarket and the biz jet sector is holding up so well given the takeoff and landing cycles have been anemic. That's what we said. It's -- yes, business jet is a tougher market to understand. It's a small part of our business now as we've grown other sectors faster, but it has been difficult to predict over the last I think even a couple of years.
Kevin Stein: I think that the guidance just reflects our best judgment and we're hopefully being a little bit cautious and conservative to your margin point.
