W. Nicholas Howley: The truth of the matter is, Carter, I don't know. The good news is it's not a very big part of our business. I look at all the – everything in the press, and I look at everybody. I look at the earnings releases and the statements by the business jet manufacturers. It's hard to get a lot of confidence in that. We think, at least last year, it was down fairly substantially, and it's starting off this year down some. There is obviously some inventory draw going on there, but I am reticent to forecast when that ends. I have to admit we have been singularly unsuccessful in calling a turn in this for the last three or four years.
W. Nicholas Howley: You'll always – frequently, you'll be down – you got the day issue between four and one, so you'll always be down some.
W. Nicholas Howley: At some point, yeah. Yeah. But Carter, I don't know what the exact quarter-per-quarter count is in each quarter going forward.
W. Nicholas Howley: But as I said, it's hard to exactly pin that to what it exactly did in the quarter. But I would say it is more likely to impact the commercial aftermarket where the turns are faster, plus frankly, you have some buffer in distribution.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. We haven't made any conscious decision to move more aggressively into the defense world. That's just what we saw. We go through the same process. We go through – we forecast. We try to see what we can do with the margins. We assume the capital structure just like a PE kind of buy. I would describe it – it's just the way we (37:03) over that period.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I can't really talk about things in our business that went past the quarter, but I would say, as Kevin and I – Kevin pointed out numerically and I talked about it directionally, the bookings – the commercial aftermarket bookings are up substantially, both sequentially they ran above the shipments and up year-over-year; and, I suspect that's reflective of some of that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I would say that the quarterly days for the balance of the year comp the other, I just – I'm sure if you counted them, Rob, that's probably right. I just don't know the answer to that. I'd say, the main thing that gives me comfort, one, it's not unusual to start off a little slow in the first quarter. But I mostly take comfort from that the bookings are so strong. The bookings are up very substantially, and that's what gives me the best comfort.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I don't know that that's an exact cutoff. But that's – I think, three or four months is probably a reasonable number. So, if your question is, do I know what's going to ship in the fourth quarter? I do not. I don't – we don't have the backlog, yet. But if I look at the metrics we see, which is air travel, which is we don't see distributor inventories out of whack – that's not to say there couldn't still be some at airlines; we don't see it at distributors. And we see the incoming bookings in coming quite strong; that gives us the comfort. Obviously, we don't know, yet.
W. Nicholas Howley: Pipeline is decent. Pipeline is decent. I mean, I think pretty good. It is – it – as usual, it – usually, it's small and midsize stuff. We'd always like bigger things, within reason. We don't want them too big, because we don't want to place all our chips on one bet. But I would say it's reasonably active, Rob; reasonably active if I look at it versus other time frames.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think the pricing has changed, at least – the next thing that closes, of course, I don't know what the price will be. But I don't see any indication that the pricing has changed.
W. Nicholas Howley: We did not forecast any significant growth in that in our base forecast. I don't remember whether it was a little lower or not. But it wasn't a significant – it wasn't significantly up or significantly down. I just don't remember whether it was zero or minus 1, or something like that. We weren't figuring on anything here in the business jet world.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I mean, you could probably look at it – I'd probably figure, commercial transport's probably 85% of the volume.
W. Nicholas Howley: And figure there, business jet is maybe zero, 1, maybe down 1 or 2 on the low side, up 1 or 2 on the high side, somewhere around zero, when you kind of back into it.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know the exact number there, and one of the reasons I don't know the exact number is it's sometimes a little informal rather than – the bigger the order gets, the more informal that gets. And the smaller ones are a little more informal, but I would guess, I would guess, if you took all of our sales to the military – to the U.S. military, direct them to the brokers, I think you're probably in the 20% to 30% range, could be a little plus or minus on that.
W. Nicholas Howley: I know – the answer is I don't exactly know that answer, Noah, but I do not believe there's any substantial difference. I mean, we essentially sell for the same price usually, in the vast majority of the cases.
W. Nicholas Howley: The – I'm not – the answer, as I said here is that I don't know that. Let me take a look. I'm going to look now at our magic cheat sheet here. And can you – can you give that number, Kevin? Yeah. (45:21)
W. Nicholas Howley: No. No. I don't – no, if you hypothesize that interest rates went up to 20%, I might answer that differently. But anything – any realistic range or rates that I see, I do not – I don't see that changing anything we do. I don't see anything that we've seen talked about here that would change our fundamental business or capital market strategy.
W. Nicholas Howley: That's right. And – or conversely – or another way, not conversely, but another way of putting that is if we used it to buy stock or pay out dividends, I would look at it as the cost of our equity is 15% to 20%. And that's after tax, and there's almost no interest rate I can think of that would make that a bad swap.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think so. I mean, as you know, this is a big market. There's lots of companies out there. The problem, it's not identifying companies we like, it's finding ones that are willing to sell, and that's just a continual sort of churning and then beating the bushes effort.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I'm going to – I'm going to pass to Terry on the pro forma versus the GAAP growth because I'm not sure I'd understand that if I use same-store.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I mean, simplistically, the GAAP number only reflects the portion of the year that you own the business. The pro forma number assumes we own the business as the whole year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. It's a reflection of our shipset content. I mean, ROE forecast is pretty simple. I mean, we know our shipset content. We know the production rates for 2017. There's a little bit of an estimate because you don't know what's – if there's a cut in 2018, it could start to ripple back in to 2017 and you have little bit of guess where there is going to any inventory movement. But I mean, our shipset content hasn't changed. The production rates, we think, we were conservative going into the year, we still think we're conservative. So that's our logic.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. In the M&A world these – they tend to be smaller businesses. So one by one they get, where I'd mostly think of is PE, they tend to be small so that they're not as exciting for the other bigger PE firms or even the mid-size ones when they first come up. Frankly, it's tough to compete against us. If you're a PE firm that is looking in a proprietary aerospace business and you're outbidding us, you got to be pretty worried, right, because the only way you're going to do that is to be making a higher bet on the margin improvement. And the other thing is a couple have started it and frankly, we bought them. Odyssey started a roll up and we bought it. McKechnie, JLL started a roll up and we bought it with McKechnie.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think there is – as I said, I don't know the exact number on the provisioning but I do not think it's very significant. We didn't see much for the Boeing 787 and I don't believe there's much to it there. I think if you look at the details, it's a pretty broad based booking pick-up across the vast majority of our businesses.
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean, that's the total average. I don't think the military is way off of that, I don't have the exact number here. Actually, excuse me, it's a little higher. It's more like 60%, 30% or 65%, 35%. Close to that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Okay. So still 55% like I thought. When I said 55%, Ken, the whole place started to waving their arms.
W. Nicholas Howley: First, just I'm not sure I got the question right. But just the numbers Kevin gave they were like-like same-store.
W. Nicholas Howley: They were organic growth. It's not – the 787 content didn't go up because we bought the content. We compared it before and after with the same mix of businesses, so if you follow.
W. Nicholas Howley: So it's like-like same-store. Why does it go up? Because I think we do a good job. I think we service the account. We're all over the engineering department. I think we are reliable deliverers, the stuff works and we chase it pretty aggressively.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know the answer to that. I can tell you it's not a whole lot of price because it's tough to get price at the OEM. I mean, it's some, but it's not a whole lot. So presumptively, that means there's some share gains, but I have to admit I don't know what the number is.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, yeah, nothing changed with my contracts, as you may or may not know. My contract presently runs through 2019, and my contract presently anticipates that, at some point, I could become an Executive Chairman. I think we changed it because Kevin became President and CEO here, as you know, and I think it more likely fits with our current thinking, though it mostly just gives us more optionality.
W. Nicholas Howley: There's nothing that I could really point out that I have any confidence in in that. And I just want to be sure, I'm not – we're saying, we feel comfortable now with our forecast, our guidance for the year, which is the same as we started the year off with. So, we're not suggesting it looks far more bullish, just the strong bookings give us additional confidence.
W. Nicholas Howley: So, let me say it in case I got them mixed up. If you look at the bookings this quarter against the bookings last quarter, in the commercial transport and aftermarket, they're up about 12%. Just coincidently, coincidently, if you look at the bookings this quarter against the shipments this quarter, they also are up somewhere around 12%. So, it's to say coincidently around the same number, which may be a little confusing.
W. Nicholas Howley: In the military, we sell to the distributors and brokers where they get the same price. There is no difference there. In the commercial, I'm not sure of the answer to that. I think it's pretty – I don't think there's a material difference.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think, as you know, we sort of preemptively adjusted the head count about a year ago. I think we may have moved it down a little this quarter, but not by – Kevin, is that right? I think it was down a little.
W. Nicholas Howley: But not on across the board, just units adjusted as it looked to them like they were a little softer or not a little softer. I think, right now – and this is mostly around the commercial transport cycle and when it might start to soften up, I think, right now, we think we've made about what adjustments we think are appropriate, but we'll keep watching it. Our concern is, how long does the commercial transport OEM cycle hold up. When does it start to soften? And when it does, how does that reflect back into this year? So far, we see no indication and we think, frankly, the numbers we used, which we think are still conservative.
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean, it's essentially – it's not consistent across deals. I mean, it's essentially, we get the margin improvement essentially three ways: some price adjustment; some cost adjustment; and, hopefully, if we bought in to something that's growing, we get a little bit of operating leverage by the business growing. If not, the other way we can get it is by looking at the product lines and seeing if we want the profitable ones and the unprofitable ones. But the vast majority of it typically comes from natural market growth, price adjustment and cost adjustment.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, we'll decide that – the capital allocation is something we'll decide based on how things look when it comes time to make that decision. I'd say the buy through the quarter, frankly, we would have bought more, but we were stuck with the 10b5 plan that, essentially, you have to put it on automatic pilot. And it was on automatic pilot when we made the buys and at what amount we could buy. If we had it to reset, we frankly would have put more – we would have set more in it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Oh, yeah, ramp-up in readiness spending is good. At this point, I'd be very cautious about predicting any significant change in this year. They got to get the budget. They got to place the orders, then it takes a while to ship it. It's always hard to guess when the military starts to buy, but I'm being reticent. In the near term, which I'd define as this year, I'd be cautious about assuming any significant change just because of the inertia and time lag.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would think so, readiness is a – typically readiness means buy more repair parts, buy more services, buy more repairs, all that sort of thing, which is generally good for us.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I can't – I mean, obviously, I can't – I don't know what somebody might do in the fullness of time. I can say it's a long effort if it was to happen and we haven't seen it. And at least typically with the OEMs, in our contracting basis that looks similar to what it has been in the past generally. But I mean, I just – I don't know what someone might do. We have not seen it. I don't think the math works. I think, it's unlikely but I can't be certain on that. But I'll say again, I don't see it and I haven't seen any significant sign of it.
W. Nicholas Howley: I can't answer that generically. I mean, that's very fact and circumstance specific. When I think if you particularly as we get bigger, this gets – when you roll everything up, overall prices are pretty consistent – are consistently above inflation, not miles above or the bottom.
W. Nicholas Howley: All right. So, if you take the $1.1 billion, and what's the interest, it is about $580 million? Interest is about $580 million ...
W. Nicholas Howley: So, it's $580 million. If you take the $1.1 billion, and I'd also say depending on how they treat distributors, that could be higher. You can deduct the fair amount from that and still be at above $580 million.
W. Nicholas Howley: It's a good platform. Top 15? I don't want to answer that because I don't – I haven't done the math. I don't know the answer, but it's a good platform. I would expect that someday, it would start to show up on our top 15 or 25, but I don't know when and haven't done the math on it.
W. Nicholas Howley: We just don't disclose the price. As I told you, the prices – the weighted up prices are higher than inflation. We will think of inflation is 3%, but it's not miles higher.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, you ought to think of us as we're – when you look at our aftermarket, the commercial aftermarket, which I presume, which you're mostly talking about, you can pretty well think of us as market weighted. So, different people have different definitions with legacy aircraft and what the retirement rates are, but you can almost think of us like the market. That's about how we're weighted. So, if you think 727s are going run off of at a certain rate, that's how we'll run off. Now, remember, we're interjecting new airplanes into the mix every year or two. So as that runs off, something else moves into that old window, as long as the shipset keeps going. But that's the best way to calibrate it, figure were about market weighted.
W. Nicholas Howley: We're trying to get a very specific – the very specific thing we are communicating is the incoming orders or bookings are 12% higher than they were from the same quarter in the previous year. That's one. Number two is, coincidently, the bookings in Q1 are also somewhere around 12% higher than the shipments or the revenues in Q1.
Hunter K. Keay: Hi, thank you. Nick, I saw in the proxy filed last month that your board extended the deadline for naming Kevin CEO from I think December 2017 to December 2019 along with a few other changes to his comp metrics. Can you talk about what drove that change, and maybe the timing of it? Thank you.
Hunter K. Keay: Okay. Good. And then, in terms of the bookings, is there anything – you said you're obviously bullish about the outlook for the year based on the strong bookings, and I get that, but is there anything that you're seeing in terms of the nature of the bookings that are changing? Like, are you seeing airlines buying things maybe like a little bit further in advance, maybe in fear of like limited parts availability or just better demand trends overall, if they're seeing that at all? Anything that gives you even more ...
Hunter K. Keay: Oh. I thought you just said sequentially. All right, that's fine. 12%, got it. We'll follow up later if I need to. Thank you.
