Michael Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters for the quarter and then expectations for the full fiscal year. First, on organic growth and liquidity. In the first quarter, our organic growth rate was 15%, driven by the continued rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow which we traditionally define as EBITDA, less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $400 million for the quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was exactly 6x, down from 6.4x at the end of last quarter.  On a net debt-to-EBITDA basis, this puts us right at the 5-year pre-COVID average level. Additionally, our cash interest coverage ratios, such as EBITDA to interest expense are currently in line with where we've historically operated the business. We feel comfortable here given the benefit of our interest rate hedges and fixed rate debt instruments that were entered into in a lower interest rate environment. As always, we continue to watch the rising interest rate environment in the current state of the debt markets very closely.  During the first quarter, we completed an extension of our nearest maturity term loan pushing the maturity date from mid-2024 out into 2027. Pro forma for this refinancing, our nearest term maturity is now 2025. As a result of this refi, our interest expense estimate for FY '23 ticked up very slightly, as you can see in today's updated interest expense guidance. Over 75% of our total $20 billion gross debt balance is at a fixed rate through a combination of fixed rate notes and interest rate caps and swaps through 2025. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates at least in the immediate term.  Going forward, we expect to continue both proactively and prudently managing our debt maturity stacks. Practically for us, this means pushing out any near-term maturities well in advance of the final maturity date and then also utilizing hedging instruments where we can in order to lock in the cash interest costs. As we sit here today from an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends during fiscal '23. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Michael Lisman: We've historically not given book-to-bills across the end markets, Noah, but I think it's pretty healthy growth that supports the revised guidance on revenue for today. So we feel good about hitting that healthy growth and healthy outperformance and really positive book-to-bill ratios across the end markets.
Michael Lisman: Yes. I think, Noah, what you're seeing there is just the upsides mainly in the commercial aftermarket space, which is our most profitable end market of the 3. And then separately, some better cost performance, right? You're not typically getting 100% drop to your point, but we are doing slightly better on the cost than we expected, but that's what you're seeing there.
Michael Lisman: It's hard to say, something like what we got on the December refi, we just did a month or 2 ago. The interest rate ticked up by about 1.0% from LIBOR plus 225 to SOFR plus 325, and debt markets are a little bit better given what's come out on inflation and the Fed rate move since that December rate. So maybe you do a little bit better than that, but it's hard to say that's just a guess.
Michael Lisman: Yes. We really look at the EBITDA line historically. We've not gone back and looked and commented specifically on gross profit versus SG&A trends just because of the accounting puts and takes there. And as we think about forecasting for the year, we really look at EBITDA as defined ratio and feel good about hitting the 50.5% or maybe slightly better than we gave the guidance for today. And it's hard to comment specifically where SG&A could go for the balance of the year on a quarterly basis.
Michael Lisman: We do. I mean, as we come back to pre-COVID levels, that's going to go in over the course of the year. It's kind of lumpy in how it happens and the progression and forecasting is tough, but we do expect that amount to go back in.
Michael Lisman: And on the discretionary versus nondiscretionary point, we think consistent with what we've said in the past, we're mostly nondiscretionary when it comes to the commercial aftermarket bucket.
Michael Lisman: Yes. I don't have a specific dollar value to give you. In general, we really focus on productivity. We are seeing inflationary pressures from the supply chains. We've got all of our teams have individual decentralized procurement organizations that are doing a nice job working with the supply chain, trying to minimize the level of inflation, and we continue to work the productivity to offset that, and you're seeing that flow through in terms of the lower cost structures.
Michael Lisman: Yes. We're -- obviously, we're sitting on more than we've had historically to your point. We feel good about the M&A pipeline, as Kevin said, and what's coming, we do have far more than we need to operationally run the business, but it's something we think about quite a bit just in terms of the capital allocation priorities that Kevin provided and want to make sure we have enough firepower for potential M&A in the current environment.
Michael Lisman: Yes. It's hard to say exactly. Like I just mentioned, we're always looking at the capital deployment options, right? We're doing that today. We do it quite a bit, obviously, monthly, and we want to be strategic with our capital and make sure we have enough at all times for M&A if it comes. And then also, it's the shareholders' capital. So we want to be efficient with it. And if we don't find a use for it, give it back.  With regard to the leverage ratio, we are at about 6x which is historically where we were in a lower interest rate environment. I think we're -- as I mentioned, we feel comfortable where we are today at the 6x level and given the benefit of the hedges. It's hard to say if we tick up from here if we went and found a good acquisition candidate and use a little bit of debt, you could always do that, though you'd then be adding EBITDA. So I think it's safe to say going forward, given that we have the hedges and also that our interest rate hasn't moved much because of those, it's probably likely that we stay sort of at the 6x ballpark with some movement this way or that way, consistent with the last 5 years of history or so. But no real material change with the approach to leverage is expected.
Kevin Stein: I would expect much like flight activity that it should keep trending upwards. That's our expectation. We'll see if that plays out.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think we've seen some impact over the last 6 months or so. I think you see that in a general lack of activity, although we've been busy evaluating different targets. I think we see that changing, though, as there seems to be some important properties coming to market in the next 6 months or so, I think this should change. So we remain relatively optimistic as always. But I think that gives you some indication of what we're looking at in the future.
Kevin Stein: Well, we don't like to speculate on that. We have studied what it would look like to acquire something outside of M&A -- of A&D, but we think it's best to stay focused on aerospace. There are still so many great opportunities and a number of them coming up. Like I said, in the next 6 months that keep us very focused on the pure-play aerospace and defense. For intellectual reasons and also because we may have to do one day in the distant future, we do look at other areas, but none of them have appeared interesting enough to overshadow our desire to keep growing in aerospace and defense.
Kevin Stein: I think we're still 20% to maybe 30% off in volumes. There is still a lot of regions, as Jorge reviewed, that have not fully come back.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think most of our revenues are on direct sales. In general, we're seeing good strength and good recovery across all of the individual submarkets.
Kevin Stein: I think it's probably a big piece from China. But clearly, OEM is not performing where it was prior to the COVID outbreak. So there is room really in all of the market segments for improvement.
Kevin Stein: We are still navigating 2023. We'll give guidance on '24 and beyond when it's appropriate. But obviously, our model is to keep, keep expanding, keep improving our business.
Kevin Stein: Not really. We don't look to vertically integrate. We look to acquire phenomenal aerospace and defense businesses that we can further improve. Buying parts of the supply chain vertically integrating usually doesn't meet our criteria for highly engineered, unique aerospace components with aftermarket content, and we like to stay very disciplined in that approach. That's been the secret to our success, I think, in our M&A culture.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I would just add, I think, in general, as we've had and we've performed in past downturns in the uptick. We did a lot of heavy lifting with restructuring as a result of the COVID pandemic and the teams have done a nice job managing to the lower cost structure and supporting the additional demand. And I think we'll continue to do so throughout the year.
Jorge Valladares: Sure. I'll take that one. From our perspective, we're still in the early innings of China opening up, obviously, this past month. Our teams, as they always do, do a bottoms-up analysis and planning process as we enter any fiscal year. And there was some recovery expected baked into our forecast and our plan. We'll see how it plays out. Generally, we don't have and we don't track specific regions. We think we're fleet weighted. And obviously, it's a big market. So hopefully, that will be helpful as we progress throughout the year.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I don't think we've seen much shift. Again, the opening for China international travel is pretty new. You would logically expect the wide-body usage to improve given those types of routes. But we're still, again, in the early innings of this.
Jorge Valladares: Yes, I'll take that. I think generally, the teams have done a really nice job. We continue to focus on CapEx and productivity. Over the last couple of years, we've been able to invest in the business, and find different automation opportunities to take labor out of the process here and there. I think in general, the labor market conditions have been improving over the last couple of months. Most teams have plans in place to support potential OE production rate increases as we're all hoping will occur. So I don't see any significant issues. And I'd say, in general terms, it's probably improved a little bit the last couple of months.
