W. Howley: Miles, I'd have to say no. Something could change tomorrow, of course. But as of right now, if we felt uncomfortable, we wouldn't have put the guidance we put out.
W. Howley: Well, as we always say, our first choice to use our capital is to make accretive acquisitions of companies that meet our criteria. Doesn't say the pipeline is in decent shape. Just about every couple of months here, for all through this year, we've sort of been taking it and watching it, watching the pipeline, watching our cash and trying to make a judgment what's the best thing to do to keep moving the equity value. We just made an acquisition. We think we have a decent pipeline, but we're also building up cash. I mean, we'll keep measuring that. I'm not sure is the real answer. We'll do, again every 30 or 60 days, we'll kind of take a look at what we've got, take a look at what we think might close, take a look at our cash and make another short-term call.
W. Howley: I don't know that I can really can, Rob. As you know, we've been concerned about this all year. The revenue started to drop earlier in the year. But we were cautiously optimistic because the bookings were holding up. That's not been the case now for the last 90 days. I really don't know that I can attribute it to any one thing other than just an attempt to spend less money. I will say, by types of platforms, helicopter things continue to be pretty robust. Other stuff's shaky.
W. Howley: That's my sense. Rob, my sense is this is becoming and I'd love to be wrong, but it's becoming something like as the tide drops down, all the ships drop a little.
W. Howley: I don't know that I can say that. I think, I mean, you could pretty well figure out what we paid, right? I gave you the revenue and I gave you an approximate EBITDA margin. I would say it's in the way -- we didn't pay as much as we paid for McKechnie for sure, but it's more in the range we saw -- about for McKechnie.
W. Howley: Well, I guess when they start shipping them. We're sort of reticent to forecast a lot till Boeing starts shipping some airplanes. There's inventory in the system. I think we'll speak to next year's guidance when we speak to it, but I would expect we will see some in next year's guidance.
W. Howley: Well, two things. One, 49.7% is pretty damn high in my book. If you recall, I said we had a favorable accrual adjustment of about $3 million, which is about a full margin point. If I didn't have an accrual adjustment I'd be up a full margin point, Joe.
W. Howley: Yes, I would say it's a little different than we bought in the past, if you looked at the products. But the fundamental characteristics that we look for, which is a proprietary aerospace business with significant aftermarket content is right down the bike. We see the same kind of characteristics that we like when we bought it on the same basis, I think as we've told you, we have to see private equity kind of returns on our equity in a business. We see the same opportunities here. It's not a hard component. I mean, in other words, it's not a bump. But we think it has the same characteristics, and I think, by and large, when we see proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content, if we can get comfortable with the proprietary content and the security of their platform positions, we're going to be interested in them.
W. Howley: Well, I think, to give you a sense, we told you it's got a mid-30s EBITDA margin, which is pretty good, and we see movement in that. If you pay a decent price for these things, you've got to change the economics to get your return, and we see the same opportunities we see at most of our acquisitions.
W. Howley: I would say Schneller is more aftermarket. I think it's been a while since we bought a business that was close to 70% aftermarket. So, I mean, we like that. We also like the fact we got a business that's got almost no defense, which is practically hard to find. Most people have 25%, 30% defense when we look at these [indiscernible] businesses. I don't think we'll run out of the traditional component businesses, but we're bigger. And as I've always said, a proprietary aerospace business with significant aftermarket content meets our return criteria, we're going to be interested in it. We're not hung up on whether it's a fuel system component or hydraulics system. It's got to meet those, it's got to meet our criteria and have the private equity kind of return.
W. Howley: Yes, our distributors have a stocking requirement based on it's different months of inventory, based on -- some of them, it's the rolling 90 days average shipment, some it's 6 months, some it's less. They mostly have rules for what they have to stock, and sometimes they can drift over or under where the stocking requirement are, which means you can get a little spurt or cut back on orders. What I was trying to say is we don't see that. So we don't think there's a significant bubble either direction at distribution. The airlines, on the other hand, do appear to be ordering above their consumption rate.
W. Howley: I mean, it's sort of math. If one grows substantially faster than the other, you'll get some margin swing. I would tell you, historically, rarely over a year has it been more than a couple of margin points. And you can do the math, it depends how much you believe each one is going to grow, right? We'll go give the guidance when we give guidance, but I'd be surprised if it's a big impact on next year's margin.
W. Howley: Well, let me address the flight critical. We make other things in the interiors that aren't flight critical. We make a goodly chunk of the faucets. We make a fair amount of overhead bin latches, I guess cockpit security systems are now flight critical, but they don't make the airplane fly. This business has similar characteristics to the one we have. We think the products are very sticky, and not just to the walls by the way, also to the customers. There is an element of refurbishment in this business that's probably a little bigger than some of our others that gives it maybe a little more exposure to cyclicality. But not, less than you think. At least as big is the repairs and spares that are -- when things get nicked and dented and need a quick fix, that's at least as big in the aftermarket as the refurbishment business.
W. Howley: I think I'd have to stick with our guidance. I think you can figure out from our guidance what we're saying, which is we're sort of about at the growth rate we're running. It'd be great if it picked up more, but I don't think I can give you any better feel than we did with our full year guidance.
W. Howley: I would say, one, we don't do a whole lot of that. It's a very small part of our business. But I would say, in general, if anything the approval through the FAA is slower and more cumbersome. General rule of thumb is, as with many government processes, each year it's a little slower and more cumbersome than it was the year before.
Gregory Rufus: Yes. The transport, some at the OEM, but probably more in the aftermarket. There's no specific platform, it's across the board.
Gregory Rufus: It's premature. We're in the middle of it as you said, and we'll give the guidance out when we're ready to give it out. It'd be premature to do that especially we're in the middle of it.
Gregory Rufus: No, I don't have the exact number with all the pieces. I don't have the exact number in front of me. We paid about $78 million in interest and about $45 million in taxes in the third quarter.
Gregory Rufus: That is the ultimate cash that'll go on our balance sheet. There's different definitions for free cash flow. Given where our balances at the end of the third quarter, I expect us, when we close that, at least $100 million more, minus the acquisition for Schneller.
