Liza Sabol: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2018 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Presenting on the call this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next week and dial-in information can be found in this morning's press release or on our website at transdigm.com. It should also be noted that our Form 10-K will be filed this Friday. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section on our website or at sec.gov. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Thanks. Before we open the lines, we'd like to ask you to limit your questions to two per caller and then reinsert yourself into the queue if you have additional questions left. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Liza Sabol: Thank you all for calling in to our call this morning, and we'd like to remind you one more time to please look for our 10-K to be filed on Friday.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I don't want to answer for the next 6 to 12 months because I don't know what's going to develop there. I would say for the next few months, we still have a reasonably active M&A process. We still see a fair amount of deals, mostly small to medium. I think we'll just evaluate this as the year goes on. I mean, we're – because we also are going to have to decide how much of the $3.7 million committed financing to draw and how much of our cash to use, and I think we'll let the clock run a little bit before we make those calls. But as you know, if we decide we have extra cash, we're not going to sit on it very long.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I think we don't own this yet, Rob, and I think we're not going to make a forecast there. I think you know what the 2018 numbers are. I think we told you, you have a rough idea what we're paying and a rough idea of how we're going to finance it and you know that we look for a PE-like return so you can sort of solve back into something there. I will say probably ramps up a little slower than we might see in other situations.
W. Nicholas Howley: I'll take the Esterline ones. I think this has been – I know it has. They've said publicly. The trainer, they have a pretty good position on that. The Joint Strike Fighter, they have a pretty good position. I don't know the answer on the other ones. So I can't answer it.
W. Nicholas Howley: It's going through the regulatory process, and I just don't want to comment on that. We have reached out and talked to all our customers and, by and large, what we get back is positive. But it's going through a process.
W. Nicholas Howley: We wouldn't expect that to happen. It's never predict the future, but we wouldn't expect that to happen. And there weren't any consents required to close this either.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think there's a couple – one, as you know, David, I don't want to comment on that. I probably said as much as I can say. And it also wouldn't surprise me if we had some asset dispositions along the way, so it's not as straight a shot and I think that's about as much as I can say. We feel, for the price we pay, you can pretty well sort of assign a typical kind of leverage we use to it to get the equity, solve it back with a constant – without any arbitrage and get an EBITDA that solves you back to a PE kind of return and I think you get a pretty good idea what that is.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I'll take them in inverse order. There's a fairly high percent of non-U.S. employment and our view is that's probably going to be a little tougher to get the productivity out of than typically in the U.S. businesses. So that tends to make us pretty conservative on that. Hopefully we're quite conservative, time will tell. On the contracts, there is some number of, what I call, TINA contracts, that's government price controlled contracts or price controlled. And though not a terrible high amount of them but there's also some LTAs in there with different customers that are less attractive than we'd like to see and we just got to live with them. They'll burn off, but it might be four, five years before they do.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, a couple things. One, the $330 million by the way just to be clear, that's the consensus, that's the public consensus 2019...
W. Nicholas Howley: ...EBITDA, that's not what we're endorsing or not endorsing. I would say the improvement comes from the whole cross-section of activities we understand when we buy a business. I think I told you a little bit in the prepared script why, even though they've been flat for the last three years, we think the next few years just on a sort of an organic basis looks a little better. I think I gave you the reasons why we think that. I think the other aspects, some comes from the things we always do. We're a little – in all parts of that, I'm hopeful we're conservative. I'll say again, in a public buy, you don't get as much detailed diligence as you do in a private buy, and that tends to make you more conservative in your assumptions.
Kevin M. Stein: So, for TransDigm, I think we are involved in the helicopter replacement programs for military, for commercial, the trainer programs around the world, we're involved in these. I can't comment on how significantly one way or the other, but we are involved. We continue to focus on this segment and continue to try to win more than our fair share.
Kevin M. Stein: I cannot. I would assume there's something going on there, but it's just an assumption. I can't tell by locations. We are seeing strength in defense aftermarket as I commented on and some movement on the defense OEM side, but certainly more growth on aftermarket. But where it's actually going, is it going on a shelf, is it being placed for inventory for usage later, is it going to repairs today? I can't really comment. I don't know.
Kevin M. Stein: I don't look at commercial aftermarket by region as a first slice. We gave the submarkets and the pieces that make up the commercial aftermarket. I know that there's concern about a slowdown in the second half there. I think we ran – as we stated, we ran pretty hot in the first half. We were happy that, as the year closed out, we ran ahead of our initial guidance of mid-single-digits and ended up high-single-digits. Beyond that, I don't know what else to offer except across the ranch, we're booking okay in the aftermarket segment, so we are still optimistic as we look forward.
Kevin M. Stein: Our focus at Kirkhill has been operational in improving on-time delivery and customer satisfaction. So that's been our overwhelming focus with the business. We have seen head count come down. We have seen improvement in the business. We don't get into the specifics of that but to say that we've been encouraged and it's performing well against our acquisition model and did keep us or make us more interested in the Esterline move that we made. So beyond that, I think that's all I can comment on.
Kevin M. Stein: No. In fact, you've seen from the numbers that retirements are down. So I haven't seen that. I'm just commenting that these things could creep in in the future and have an impact. But as of yet, tariffs, nothing material. Fuel, cost increases at airlines haven't seen any anything material in changes to performance or behavior.
Kevin M. Stein: Obviously, we gave guidance that said we would be in the mid- to high-single-digits for commercial aftermarket. We have confidence in that because that's what our teams roll up to us. We do a bottoms-up roll-up for the planning process and see how that fits into the different market segments. So I have the confidence that my teams believe this as well as that's what we see in our order book going forward. So I think we're confident, otherwise we wouldn't have put it out there and that's what our teams believe we will see in the coming year. And I would say teams are generally directionally correct. Things may move one bucket to another, but we have a track record, I think, internally of hitting what we say we're going to do. So I have the confidence in the teams and that's where it comes from that we come with a mid- to high-single-digit guidance around commercial aftermarket growth for 2019.
Kevin M. Stein: Yeah, good question. I look at the market segment the same way you do. We have strong bookings as we look out into the future on the OEM side and we had strong booking growth. But I, as well as you, am cautious about business jet and helicopter because I think some of the fundamentals are still not yet as strong. But I will ship the orders as they come in but I don't have any more guidance beyond it. We have a decent order book going into next year and that's the guidance we've given on the helicopter, biz jet. But again, market fundamentals don't seem like they're so much better. Do you get what I mean there? I mean we're not seeing taking off and landings cycles in biz jet really growing. It seems to have stalled out at 1% growth a year. Yeah, it's growing but it's not as exciting. So as I look forward, we have confidence in the 2019, but it wouldn't surprise me if some things move around there.
Kevin M. Stein: I think we hope we're conservative in our guidance here. I don't have anything additional on the split. We saw some commercial transport OEM growth in commercial transport sector. We saw some growth when you factor out biz jet helicopter on OEM. So the second half of the year, it started to pick up on the bookings side on OEM. I think we're comfortable with low- to mid-single-digit percentage up. And if the wide-bodies continue to turn around, we might prove to be conservative here. Again, our shipset consent has not changed. We're still continuing to expand our shipset content as we go through the years. So we've not seen any departure here, so it has to be timing related. And it will come out as the orders come to us. I don't have any additional visibility than you have except to say that in the second half of the year our bookings on commercial transport OEM picked up quite a bit in the second half of the year.
