Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters. You can see all the detail on revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EPS in the press release and call slides for today. So I'm not going to rehash that in detail. For the quarter, organic growth was negative 24% driven by the commercial end market declines that Kevin mentioned. A quick note on taxes, the lower than expected GAAP tax rate for the quarter was driven by significant tax benefits arising from equity compensation deductions. This is just timing barring some deviations in the rates in this first quarter, our tax rate expectation for the full year is unchanged. That is, we still anticipate our GAAP cash and adjusted tax rates to all be in the 18% to 22% range. Moving to cash and liquidity, we had a nice quarter on free cash flow. Free cash flow which we traditionally define at TransDigm is EBITDA as defined less cash interest payments CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $200 million. We then saw an additional $70 million plus come out of our net working capital driven by accounts receivable collections. We ended the quarter with $4.9 billion of cash, up from $4.7 billion of cash at the end of last quarter. Note that this was prior to the acquisition of the Cobham Aero Connectivity business the majority of which closed on January 5. There is one remaining piece of that acquisition a Finland facility representing 2% of the purchase price that's going through regulatory approvals now and should close soon. Pro forma for the closing of this acquisition, our Q1 net debt to EBITDA ratio was a shade higher than 7.5 times. Assuming air travel remains depressed this ratio will continue ticking up through the end of Q2 of our fiscal 2021 when the last remaining pre-COVID quarter rolls out of the LTM EBITDA computation. Beyond Q2 of fiscal 2021, the ratio should stabilize with the potential for improvement should our commercial end markets start to rebound. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed commercial environment for quite some time. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: Yes. I don't think we want to go into too many specifics on the margin target. Obviously, the 44% is what we gave you all, so it's what we feel pretty good about for the year. And that's what we're - as you've been through the proxy details, it sounds like, Myles, that's what we're comped against here, for this year, given the challenging industry circumstances.
Mike Lisman: No, no nothing, nothing significant other than what we already discussed before the interest expense changed slightly because of the refi we did from prior guidance down to $1.07 billion, but no other - major cash flow items.
Mike Lisman: So I think we're probably in line with build rates were probably conservative to build rates in the way we look at the business. So yes, I feel good. We're looking at significant uptick in orders from Q4 to Q1 in commercial OEM that's encouraging.
Mike Lisman: The 40% is unchanged. We did better this quarter on working capital than I thought we would. Our internal models didn't have $75 million of additional cash coming out of - or $85 million coming out of accounts receivable. But the teams at the OP units drove collections, and they've been tough. The DSO days are down into the low 50s for us. Usually, it's high 50s. But they've done a good job of driving the collections. And that's really what drove the positive source of working capital this quarter. You'll see on the accounts receivable, about $400 million has come out of that from where we were 12 months ago, rough justice. And as we said on the last call, as the recovery starts and then depending on the pace at which it continues, roughly that amount of cash is going to have to go back into the accounts receivable. But it'll probably be, based on your forecast of a couple of year recovery; it's going to take a couple of years to go back in.
Mike Lisman: No structural changes in the fullness of time, once we come out to and get all the way out of the recovery. We wouldn't expect the percentage of sales for net working capital to have changed from what we used to be at, in the low 30s, 30% area.
Mike Lisman: Yes, we got a sizable tax benefit, depending on what discount rate you use, somewhere between $40 million and $60 million, $65 million. That obviously is included we paid for that, in the $965 million that we bought. But it reduces - that tax structure that arises from the deal will basically reduce the annual cash expenditures for taxes on the Cobham business. But it's roughly $40 million to $60 million of NPV, the way we sized it.
Nick Howley: I think, Noah, I don’t because we don’t want to give guidance, I don't want to end up giving it piece-by-piece…
Nick Howley: But I think for the cost, essentially, what we expect here is that, we basically will hold our costs tight and about flat. Now, that's going to move one way or other, if we're wrong on the volume. I'd be hopeful that we are, that it gets better rather than worse. And we go in the other direction. But I think that's about as much as I want to say. The truth is we're just unclear on the rate of recovery.
Nick Howley: It's about half of what it is. As I said in my comments, our Q1 bookings were in line with the fall and flight activity.
Nick Howley: Yes. We didn't disclose the actual margins before we bought it, but we just gave you some kind of range. The range, of course, is because we don't exactly know how - we're only very short into the ownership. And the exact speed of which things change, we can't exactly calibrate yet. Can it get up to the TransDigm margins? We didn't model it that way. To get our return, it does not have to get that high. And we'll see. We'll see over time. But it's a good solid proprietary kind of aftermarket business, but you don't have to get to kind of TransDigm margins to get the return. And that's not how we model. We hope to model conservatively, as you know.
Nick Howley: I might add, we would expect, Myles - assuming the world stabilizes, we would expect at the end of 2021 to reset, on the same kind of value-creation parameters that we historically have had. Just things got so disrupted, that it was very hard to do that right now.
Nick Howley: And that's all I’d add Rob to that is, I mean I don't think it's a very complicated formula here. As more people start to fly we’ll start to sell more stuff into the aftermarket probably won't be [lockstep]. But until then, it's all it's just speculative.
Nick Howley: As Mike saying another way, the one that moves quickly is receivables. And I don't know if there's any reason to think the industry will pay any faster or slower this time.
Nick Howley: Yes I mean, we're - we obviously would be interested, but - if it meets our model and our returns. But the fact is, you got to deal with what you see, and we're still not seeing a lot of commercial deals. Some, but not - it's depressed, the commercial. People aren't selling - or most people aren't selling commercial aerospace businesses right now, if they can help it.
Nick Howley: It's predominantly a defense business, as we've said before in the press release. We did not disclose an exact percentage for it. But it's predominantly defense with some select commercial applications as well for those products.
Nick Howley: Sorting through and getting more familiar with the business. So hard to make any statement about ways you'll be able to price it yet.
Nick Howley: So on cost takeouts; I think we've made progress, obviously, on cost takeout. Our cost takeout continues. As we've communicated in prior quarters, some of our reductions and then COVID reductions have come out in time. But I think that business has more than lived up to the model and expectations than we had going in. I think that headcount reductions and those kinds of cost-management activities might be somewhat reduced or over for Esterline, and now its continuous improvement activities that will drive productivity as we go forward. I think we initially communicated that Esterline may struggle to get to TransDigm margins right out of the chute and that may be in the longer fullness of time, it would get closer. We still believe that, and it still has been a fantastic acquisition for the company.
Nick Howley: Nothing significantly more. We continue to manage costs, and we continue to look at this as we go forward. And there will be some continued cost takeout because of timing with unions and European businesses. As we're all aware, it takes - you still get them done, but it takes a little bit longer. So there is still some gradual takeout. But I think, as Nick said earlier, we're looking at level costs, with some uptick in activity in the second half.
Nick Howley: And I guess I should say, we do - there are some contractual items with Boeing that we have to have certain delivery performance, now that I'm thinking about it. But, it's not a huge limitation or assignment across the business.
Nick Howley: I mean, it's simply a relative rate of change calculation. One changes faster than the other, it could move one way or the other.
Kevin Stein: It was like 76%, and the OEM was up 88%. So, a significant uptick. And like I said book-to-bill slightly ahead, modest over shipments. So we did a - we had a nice quarter on the commercial aftermarket side. And I think that's encouraging as is the OEM side to see such a snapback in bookings.
Kevin Stein: Sure. On the interior side, I think what we are seeing is just, as you said, in general, a slowdown. That's the last place people are looking to do work. Although, recently, we've seen a nice uptick in activity, but it still is the lowest-performing sector of the aftermarket business. On disti sales, I have not seen, nor have I heard of, any difference in ordering or any difference in behavior by the customer base.
Kevin Stein: No. It's not that far. It's just slightly worse, than the rest of our business. It's not off so dramatically.
Kevin Stein: 10% to 15%, we've said. All of the submarkets of 10% to 15%, except the cargo. And the freight has performed the best of any of the aftermarket segment. It's still down, but it's much closer to neutral performance.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I don't know, if the 5% is going to continue and when that will translate to sales. Remember, we can put bookings in 18 to 24 months into the future. So this can be over a period of time. It's certainly a positive trend. Exactly, how it translates to revenue, we'll have to see.
Kevin Stein: Yes I don't, I haven't looked at it in that way. What we've said and what we will continue to communicate is that we're expecting things to be somewhat flat up a little in the first half. And some modest improvement in the second half linked to vaccinations and travel activity. That's all that we've communicated and set on it and I think that hangs with what we're saying, a small increase in the second half, but that remains to be seen if that happens.
Kevin Stein: We are hopeful that we see a pickup in personal travel towards that - and many people forecast a substantial pickup. But yes, we have that’s right - we're just reticent to forecast that now because frankly it's been delayed a little from what we would have hoped for.
Kevin Stein: Yes, the only green shoots I have or the bookings activity sequential bookings activity that we've commented on, that's the only green shoots, I can't comment on that I've seen.
Kevin Stein: Yes that's right, if we get some recovery. We have to follow people flying as Nick and I - both said and as I've read all of your analyst reports as well. This all depends on whether people are flying and that's still unknown.
Kevin Stein: We don't really except for the small amount of our commercial aftermarket. Now its 20-ish percent that is goes through distribution partners. I can’t see what’s in the rest of the inventory levels of the rest of the aftermarket.
Kevin Stein: Clearly, there was an uptick in that means either there was destocking slowed or consumption increase and probably a little bit of both is true.
Kevin Stein: Yes in the defense, every time I think I understand what's going to happen. I'm surprised, it's very lumpy. It's hard to predict. There are many influencers in what gets spent on the defense side. So I don't know, I know we have a strong order book as we go forward and we know that defense orders and shipments can be lumpy.
Kevin Stein: I think it's safe to say that the, sort of, extraordinary step-down stuff we did for COVID is about behind us.
Kevin Stein: So, uptick in interiors, I may have miscommunicated that. We did not see an uptick in interiors. Interiors is our lowest-performing parts of the commercial aftermarket. Trying to give you a little color, it seemed like things were - in some of our interiors businesses, we're starting to do a little bit better, but it still is the worst performer, I guess, of our commercial aftermarket submarkets. What are we looking at new and unusual for the future? We've talked about some of these in the past. But materials, antiviral materials are important for flooring, seat surrounds and the like. We also have a host of touch-free options for bathrooms and overhead bins as well as antiviral webbing for our seat belt. So, there's some real interest and activity. We'll see if any of it is booked into orders. But yes, there's more activity in interiors and from regions of the world that we usually don't see activity from that now are focusing on improving their interiors. But this will be a long march for the interior side as it is the most discretionary of our business.
Kevin Stein: If we want to see growth in business jet usage, takeoff and landings, I think business travel is going to have to eventually get involved. I don't think the world can afford to just do leisure travel and drive the same level of activity. So, it's just that eventually, we're going to have to see business travel take off.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think the scenario you just predicted of - from Army to Air Force and Navy and space, those are all good for us. As we move to more technology, more drones, more remote observation monitoring, that's all good for us. We are heavily engaged in those platforms, and our products are really focused on that technology side of the aerospace world.
Kevin Stein: Yes, if there are shortages, there are shortages. I mean we take it personally if we can't ship a part. And that's why we focus so much on our fill rates and on-time delivery and quality of our products, so that we're so responsive.
Kevin Stein: I think it's safe to say that we have very adequate capacity and competitive [ph]. Historically, we've never had an issue with the capacity step-up when we needed it, particularly in the aftermarket.
Kevin Stein: I guess I don't know is the answer. We will always dig in on the cost side that maybe the case, I'd have to think about it some more.
Kevin Stein: And it's hard - as we sit here today, we can't exactly sort of crank in the timing of improvements and the like in the first six or nine months.
Kevin Stein: So, we've said in the past, and it continues to hold today, that we're market-weighted. So there isn't a lot of wide-body activity. We're market-weighted in our activity levels. So it's clear, wide-body is slower. I do not have granularity of orders to be able to say, are we seeing more wide-body work or not. It's true to get back to - prior to COVID levels, we will need a strong international performance. That is an important part of RPMs and activity on the wide-body side. But I've been very encouraged by the rate of activity that we have today on what is really just a narrow-body market today. And we've performed very well in that. So again, it gives me the reassurance that we are market-weighted, and that is the way you should look at wide-body versus narrow-body.
Kevin Stein: I think it's possible, but I certainly don't know. And I hate speculating on the future on that. We'll have to see the way the mix comes in.
