Mike Lisman: Thanks, Kevin. I'll give a quick review of the financial results and the updated guidance in more detail. First for the TransDigm base business and then second for the TransDigm plus Esterline entity. And for those following along, I'm on Slide 4 in today's deck. The following sales EBITDA and EPS comparisons exclude the impact of both the 17 days of Esterline ownership that fell into the quarter and then also the new debt financing. Second quarter net sales were up 15% versus the prior year and above average organic growth of 11% drove the majority of that increase. EBITDA As Defined increased 18% from the prior year second quarter. And our adjusted EPS for the second quarter would have been $4.63 per share, which would have been an increase of 22%. Again, the $4.63 is what adjusted EPS would have been had we not purchased Esterline, so it's a theoretical number. Now switching gears and including Esterline. Esterline contributed about $121 million of revenue and $27 million of EBITDA to our Q2. This implies an EBITDA margin of 22% which is higher than average, due to the elevated shipments level that happens at quarter end. The Esterline EBITDA margin over the last six months of our fiscal 2019 is not expected to be quite this high. On cash and liquidity, we ended the quarter with just over $2.4 billion of unrestricted cash on the balance sheet. Our forecasted cash balance at year end is just under $3 billion and that excludes any more acquisition activities, sales of Esterline assets, dividends or share repurchases. During the quarter, we completed the raising and the funding of the $4 billion of senior secured notes. We raised more debt than we needed to in order to fund the deal, as we had a relatively high cash balance already. We opted to do this because the debt came at an attractive rate and it also permitted us to keep significant cash available. With the new debt raise, our net debt leverage ratio increased from what would have been 5.2 times for the base TransDigm business at second quarter end to 6.1 times for the new pro forma entity. This change to our debt and leverage levels muddies and confuses the year-over-year EPS comparisons. And the punchline is that you don't see as much EPS growth as you do EBITDA growth because of this higher debt race. How do we not elected to do the higher debt raise and increase our net leverage? The inclusion of Esterline would have had a larger positive impact on adjusted EPS growth for the year. For example, had we taken on only $2 billion of incremental debt and financed the remaining $2 billion with cash, adjusted EPS for fiscal 2019 would have been more than one full dollar higher than the midpoint of the new guidance. Now (20:22) changes to our expected tax rates for the year. These rates have increased from the prior guidance of 21% to 23% and the increase is driven by the fact that we are over the interest deduction limitation that's part of the new U.S. federal tax law. We're now estimating our full year GAAP and cash tax rates to be about 24% to 25% and adjusted rate to be about 26%. As Kevin mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $16.81 and this revised guidance for the year doesn't assume any sales of Esterline business units or Esterline EBITDA during the rest of the year. With that, I'll hand it back over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: Let me try it, you mean – I guess we'd try that a couple of ways, Noah. How much hangs around with us if you look out a year or so, very little. When it goes away is sort of a phasing, as Kevin talked about, because we don't want to disrupt things until we feel comfortable we're all backfilled. But I think almost everyone in the corporate office there – almost everyone in the corporate office there – almost everyone now has a scheduled out termination date.
Mike Lisman: No. I don't think it's down. I think your math is directionally accurate, but I think that that's actually up from prior year.
Mike Lisman: I think Nick gave kind of the margin ramp at the outset, and we're pretty conservative on the internal modeling assumptions we've used. So we didn't have it going up to the levels that Nick outlined in year one, as he said. It was more over several years.
Mike Lisman: Yes. We’ve got a lot of got a lot of moving parts with potential divestitures, and I don't want to commit to anything now, going out couple of years.
Mike Lisman: As we delever, it should tick down a little bit just through EBITDA growth based on how the U.S. tax law works. But if you had to have something to plug into a model, I think 25%, 26% is probably fair, but hopefully, as we delever, it comes down.
Mike Lisman: I think, Sheila, the margin you're seeing in the 17 days of ownership was an elevated shipment towards quarter end. So you're getting – you're seeing it at higher EBITDA margin than you would over a longer time horizon because of the elevated…
Mike Lisman: Yeah, that’s right. The defense – we have commented, Liza's correct. We have commented that we're expecting the defense business to moderate slightly so that'll have an impact, subtle. But so that's where we came up with the margin mix for the second half.
Mike Lisman: Yes, under purchase price accounting rules, we have basically nine months to sort that outpost acquisition. So we're working through that stuff now.
Mike Lisman: I think we've put a chart of our best guess in the slide deck for today. I think its Page 17. And that’s subject to change due to purchase price accounting.
Mike Lisman: I think, I would just add on the bookings. I don't think you can draw much from a quarterly booking number in the defense world. They tend to bounce all over the place, on a year-to-date basis which might be a little longer-term and might be a little more indicative. We continue to book ahead of the shipments.
Kevin Stein: I think not any different than other acquisitions. It always takes time for the contracts to play out before you can address any pricing or cost-reduction initiatives. It does take time. And that's what we're trying to communicate here.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I don't know the aftermarket split, and we haven't finalized our number. I think a 30% or a little more is probably a good number. And remember, that's the core business ex after we have either dispositioned or separated out the ones that we don't think fit as well. I would say in the split there between commercial and defense, I just don't know. But it's just – not that I'm avoiding it. I just don't know what the exact split is. But I would say, in total, the defense content is a little less than TransDigm's. Not a lot less but a little less.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We saw strong order growth in both the OEM and aftermarket in – last year. And I think that's coming out now in our shipments. We are just seeing the orderbook slowdown in both OEM and defense. Maybe it's inventory timing. We don't know of any programs or any other slowdown. So we would normally say inventory adjustments in the supply chain for that. But the slowdown is in both OEM and aftermarket as we look at that going forward from an orderbook point of view.
Kevin Stein: We are not seeing that we have noticed any adjustments in buying activity or patterns because of high fuel or not. We haven't seen any pattern change.
Kevin Stein: I don't have any comment on the organic growth part of the guidance. I think the orderbook looks strong. It looks as good as TransDigm does right now as a base. So we're seeing strong bookings growth on the Esterline side as well.
Kevin Stein: Because they used a different methodology to calculate aftermarket, and those differences are important to us to understand. We're going through that process right now.
Kevin Stein: I think, guys, until we start reporting their metrics the same way that we do ours at TransDigm, we don't want to get crossed up on this until we get it right.
Kevin Stein: The buying patterns are always perplexing. They go up and down quarter-to-quarter. We must have seen some destocking as we're seeing orders pick up again, larger than what you might have anticipated. So there must have been some out there. But I do not get reports – regular reports on airline stocking. I do see stocking levels at distribution. That is not up. That's somewhat flat. POS is up about 16% across the ranch for the TransDigm base company. So it would appear that there's been some destocking out there that we're seeing addressed in the booking levels for the aftermarket. That's about the extent of the intelligence I can provide on it.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, we did a little bit. Still, I would say in general the interior side is just doing okay. It's just not a glowing bright light for us, but it's doing okay. In the quarter, our transport, commercial transport submarket was – did well. I think I said 9%. Interiors, okay. Freight was the low one, though. That's what brought the composite down to 6% for the whole. And that was somewhat anticipated. We've seen the slowdown in the freight market for a little while. So it was somewhat anticipated that we would start to see things back off there.
Kevin Stein: I think we – in the quarter, we have seen bookings in the defense come down in the second quarter. And we're slightly better than flat year-over-year now. So bookings have definitely come down from where they were which was high-teens in the first quarter, now were just up a little bit, not flat up a little bit, but the order book has definitely cooled off on the defense side.
Kevin Stein: I think given the order book slow down, I would think that, that would be difficult to think that that's going to continue to grow at that pace into next year. It might, but I haven't formulated next year's guidance thoughts yet. But we still have some time to see how the rest of the year comes in. The defense bookings tend to be longer term than other business segments that we have. We've talked about that in the past, that bookings can take a very long time to come out. We saw that over the last couple of years that our bookings took a longer than folks anticipated to come out. But, as I look forward, I think carrying a high-single-digit percentage growth in defense probably will be difficult going forward. But that's, I think a standard observation for the defense business. It tends to go through cycles.
Kevin Stein: I think it doesn't change much. You notice in this quarter was lower probably and the reason that is, because of the timing for the quarters, we had double tax payments and double interest payments.
Kevin Stein: I'm sorry, I'm not sure I'm understanding your question, it's basically – I think if you back into it, we're expecting to generate about 600 million from the combined business in the back half of the year to get to the $3 billion cash balance at year-end.
Kevin Stein: Yes. Yes. Esterline is not going to convert as much. It doesn't change the math very much. But I think, historically, if you rack this up and gone between 46%, 47% and 50% and we don't expect that to change much going forward.
Kevin Stein: I don't know that it's substantially different, I mean, as I said, we're still open for business and more kind of things. We'll decide that as I said later in the year, we just haven't made a determination yet.
Kevin Stein: No, no. We're going to roll it into the segmentation that we have power and control, air frame and non aerospace.
Nick Howley: And I guess I might also add, Noah, that we could be – we will tend to lean on the conservative side here until we get more comfortable with the forecasting ability of all the individual operating units.
Nick Howley: Let me – Kirkhill started negative. So surely, the – I mean just to be facetious, surely the rate of change can't be as high.
Nick Howley: I don't want to cut out one individual operating unit. I think I gave you about what our thoughts are on Esterline. And I think, hopefully, Noah, we gave you some sense that we – as we're into it a little bit, we think it's more likely a little better than a little worse than we thought.
Nick Howley: A fair slot. There's still – I don't want to opine on who we are and aren't going to sell. But there's still – there's a fair number of businesses, and taking one out of it won't make it go away. There's still some decent-sized businesses that are in Europe that we'd, in all likelihood, hang on to.
Nick Howley: Well, I think I did give you – I gave you a rough dollar value of – the dollar value we think we might get back. And that was about $1 billion, pre- tax, if we go ahead with everything we have in the queue. Now I don't know whether we'll go ahead with that until we see the prices. But you can figure – if it works and we like the prices and if we get somewhere around what we think, we may sell up to about $1 billion.
Nick Howley: And Rob, we’ll give the – next year we’ll give the guidance, When we give it, it'll be much more specific then.
Nick Howley: Yes. That's what we use. That's what we use sort of the value of the business. It was running – and you can easily, as I'm sure you have, you can back into that easily enough. You know the assumptions we use. And the business was running somewhere around 15% EBITDA. And if you solved back through our math, you'd get to 23-ish or 22% to 24%. And that's all we're saying. And if we look at it, as I said, today, we see no reason to think that's not doable, and if anything, we feel, a little better. That's what we're saying.
Nick Howley: We really haven't decided yet. We'll sort of cross that bridge when we come to it. We have a fair amount of cash now, and this would just make even more. And we'll decide that when we get there. I don't want to start counting the chickens before they're hatched.
Nick Howley: I think we can, depending on the businesses. Some of them may not be the most attractive. I think we can get – when you weight it all up, I think we can get close. I doubt we can get all the way there. And by that, I'm using the multiple of the 2019 public guidance.
Nick Howley: I think in the segments, Kevin, you don't feel comfortable yet, breaking them out yet, until we get a better analysis of that.
Nick Howley: There is no reason to think – There's on reason to think – there's nothing we see that concerns us. That the…
Nick Howley: I think the best thing to focus on is the EBITDA percent we give you. If you start to take out the pieces of manufacturing costs versus SG&A versus R&D, the method of accounting isn't always consistent between companies. So that you can end up with getting funny answers if you start to look at them that way. I focus on EBITDA as a present of sales then you know you captured everything.
Nick Howley: Yes, we have pulled out large parachute orders, missile orders. Yes, you're right. I looked for those, and I could not find any onetime, large orders on the defense side. In fact, some were – yes, they just weren't there. So it was nicely spread across the business. Not a lot of big onetimes for a certain program.
Nick Howley: Yeah, I wouldn't use that as a base. I would use the EBITDA that it was running when we bought it, which was somewhere around 15, 15.5-ish…
Nick Howley: I think both seem reasonably strong on the commercial OE side. So both are seeing decent sales bookings in both business jet and commercial transport.
Nick Howley: It’s indicative of the industry as a whole. I didn't call out anything on business jet as it's kind of small. But I think we've seen strength in the large platforms on business jet, really, across the board. Somewhat surprising, I guess given the dynamics of the industry takeoff and landing cycles. So remain cautious on business jet and the platforms, but the orders are coming in.
Nick Howley: Yes. Our direct – our sales to the U.S. government depending on the year, run somewhere between 6% and 8% of our total revenue. And that's a combination of direct or through distributors. So let's say seven for kind of the middle ground. If you took seven, it's – I want to say it's roughly five direct and two through distributors.
Nick Howley: That's after the – it's about the same. Yes, it's pretty close to what it was when we did – when we talked about this a lot a year and a half ago.
Nick Howley: So you have the idea. What if any changes there are, I have no ability, Rob, to speculate on that or I think those tended to be lengthy processes…
