Terry Paradie: Thank you, Nick. I will now review our Q1 financial results. First quarter net sales were $702 million, up $115 million or approximately 20% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of the acquisitions; Telair, Pexco, PneuDraulics, and Franke, was an increase of $121 million offset by a slight decline in organic sales. Our first quarter gross profit was $375 million, an increase of 17%. Our reported gross profit margin of 53.4% was 1.3 margin points lower than the prior year. This quarter's decline in margin was due to the dilutive impact from acquisition mix and higher acquisition-related cost which accounted for a decrease of over two margin points. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins in the remaining business versus the prior year quarter improved over 1 margin point due to the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure, despite slight decline in organic sales. Our selling and administrative expenses were 11.7% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.5% in the prior year. Excluding acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation, SG&A was about 9.9% of sales compared to 10.6% of sales a year ago. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $13 million versus the prior year quarter. This was the result of an increase to the outstanding borrowings of $900 million in the current quarter versus the prior year. The increase in outstanding borrowings was partially to fund the acquisitions in the fiscal 2015. Our effective tax rate was 30% in the current quarter compared to 32.6% in the prior year. The low effective rate in the quarter was primarily due to foreign earnings, taxed at lower rates than the U.S. statutory rates, and the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. Our expected full-year estimated tax rate has decreased slightly to below 31% due to the R&D tax credit. We believe, we have an opportunity to increase the benefit of the R&D credit in the future and we have just began a study to explore this opportunity. We will update the progress with you next quarter. We still expect our cash taxes to be above $200 million for fiscal year 2016. Our net income for the quarter increased $19 million or 20% to $115 million, which is 16.4% of sales. This compares to net income of $96 million or 16% of net sales in the prior year. The increases in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales, lower tax rate, partially offset by higher interest expense, non-cash compensation, and acquisition-related costs versus the prior period. GAAP EPS was $1.97 per share in the current quarter compared to $1.63 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS was $2.27 per share, an increase of 26% compared to the $1.80 per share last year. Please refer to Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Now switching gears to cash and liquidity, we ended the quarter with $805 million of cash on the balance sheet after spending $71 million to purchase 324,000 shares in the quarter. As Nick mentioned, we continue to repurchase shares in January, we spend another $28 million to purchase 128,000 shares. So in total we purchased 452,000 shares at a total cost of $99 million. We now expect the full-year weighted average shares to be 56.5 million shares. The company's net debt leverage ratio at quarter end was 5.7 times of pro forma EBITDA As Defined, and gross leverage was 6.3 times pro forma EBITDA. We estimate our net leverage at September 30, 2016, will be 4.9 times assuming no acquisitions or capital market transaction. As for access to the capital markets, we believe the high yield market will be very receptive to our high quality paper, despite the current high yield market conditions. We believe the coupon rate on a new offering could be 50 basis points higher from where our bonds are trading today depending on the tender of the issuance. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $9.60. And as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $10.77. The $1.17 of adjustments to bridge the GAAP to adjusted EPS includes the following assumptions: $0.05 from dividend equivalent payments, $0.56 from non-cash stock option expense, and $0.56 of acquisition-related expenses, up $0.13 primarily related to Breeze. Now, I will hand it back to Liza to kick-off the Q&A.
Terry Paradie: Now, the cost of network frankly the 4% to 5% is really primarily driven from the sites as probably cost of sales. There will be some overhead cost in SG&A, but the bulk of that piece would be in the cost side and in the gross margin line item.
Terry Paradie: Yes. I would say yes, absolutely we had better SG&A performance on an apples-to-apples basis as well.
Terry Paradie: I -- we'll own any capital and capital allocation. We'll do what makes sense at the time we address it. As I said, I would not take the increase of $450 million to mean anything regarding our intention. Other than I think $450 million is roughly what's still available in our credit agreement.
Terry Paradie: Yes. So -- and we wanted to have maximum flexibility. So we moved the authorization up to roughly about where the -- that limit was. You saw we bought a $100 million bucks back. But I can't say that we're making a specific decision to change our capital allocation. Obviously, if the stock bounces all around and drops -- continually drops, we'll view it as a better opportunity.
Terry Paradie: No, the costs would be pretty; pretty tied to be honest but you know be included in whatever line item will be in cost of sales and/or SG&A.
Terry Paradie: Yes. I think our working capital has stayed fairly consistent. What we try to do is, we look at receivables, inventory, net of payables, and we try to keep that in the 26% to 30% of pro forma sales on a regular basis. And that's where we're at today and that's the plan to continue going forward. I think where you're going to see from, to get us to the $1.2 billion is very consistent what we said last quarter. We said we will just under $1.5 billion for the year and think about the buybacks that we've done and the acquisition of Breeze, I think you can reconcile down to the $1.2 billion. So we really haven't changed anything from where we were last quarter, from our outlook of cash at the end of the year.
Terry Paradie: Yes, Noah. I can cover that. So the last product -- the last thing we did was last, I think it was April or May of 2015. I think the coupon on that was about 6.5%. Just kind of again stepping back from standpoint of the market, the high yield market there is a lot of volatility in there and it is primarily in the oil and gas area. There is a lot of demand for quality paper that we have. We talk to our banks on several occasions and we stay close to them and there will be a lot of interest in us issuing more paper if we had to. We don’t see the need at this point in time. But ultimately, if we were to go to market today in today’s conditions, we will probably looking at something in 7.25%, 7.50% range as a coupon rate for --
Terry Paradie: Right, just to step up the leverage for new issuance of bonds on secured bonds at this point in time.
Nick Howley: Noah, the answer is I believe yes, though I frankly haven't looked at the exact number. But I mean they have the same issue. There is less shipping days. They essentially don't ship anything around Christmas week all that sort of thing.
Nick Howley: The way we look at this, is I think I try to say if we strip out an acquisition which is only Breeze in this case, the first quarter runs about 10% less shipping days than the average quarter through the year and we see that most years.
Nick Howley: -- the primary driver I would say is the normal, our pricing works as usual, but I don't think it was anything extraordinary. But we're squeezing cost out. I think we simply took about 4% to 5% out of the headcount which is the biggest, one of the biggest controllable cost and the volume was not down 4% to 5%.
Nick Howley: The pattern is roughly the same every year. I frankly didn't go back and see when the last -- it's when the last, kind of holiday around New Year's falls and I don't -- I just don't remember.
Nick Howley: Yes, they are. As I said Carter, our revenues for the quarter were just about what we expected them to be.
Nick Howley: I don't -- the answer is what explains the pause I don't know. But I can say we just don't seem to see as much activity. Now, this moves around. If you remember in '14, we bought very modest amount of businesses. In '15 over 12-month period we bought -- put out close to $2 billion. It -- and it seems little light right now. But I could tell you just from my past experience, and our past experience in TransDigm is you've seen in the public market, we saw before in the private market. We could end up in 30 days or 90 days with a whole Russia stock. But if I had illicit today, it's little lighter than I would've hoped.
Nick Howley: Yes. It -- that's hard to say. It really does depend on the businesses. We model businesses when we buy them and we hope to model them conservatively. We model the improvements over a four to five-year period. And I think as I have said before, we assume we're going to buy them, hold them for four or five years and sell them. And we have to see a return on our equity up above 20%, usually well above. And we generally do better than that. And also frankly, we never sell them. So I would say the mix in pricing is very dependent on where company stands in its LPA cycles, what if any commitments they have in the aftermarket, it's hard to give a general number.
Nick Howley: I'd say we're at the same place on the OE side. The bizjet frankly was -- the bizjet revenue was -- that was little softer than we expected. But we -- from what our bookings looks like and what our -- what customers tell us we're -- we think that's a timing issue. It's also relatively small part of the business. I think when the commercial transport, we've been cautious and we remain somewhat cautious and that's probably best reflected and the fact we started take the cost down.
Nick Howley: Yes they do, I also they also close the gap some. The military one was just the couple of days issue but that's not a big deal but it moves it -- moves military. I think probably the most significant difference is we typically look at the first quarter is having less shipping days and you're going to ship 10% less than the run rate or something like that I'm not sure that was reflected and the numbers are floating around.
Nick Howley: I'm not sure that's what I said. So let me try and mean what I meant to be saying, maybe I didn't make it clear. If we can go back and trace take something like RPM and track that over say five or six years and then take our aftermarket sales and whatever index you want to use for the other people in the business and track them, you'll see a lot of variation around that, you will see some way higher, way lower run rate along. If I look at a graph it doesn't look that unusual to me now that's what I'm saying. I noticed, rough, you had a chart that tracked it that you put out this morning for a couple of years, I mean we look at this over the last five years and track ourselves against rest of the industry and there is a fair amount -- it doesn't look that different than other cyclical variations have looked.
Nick Howley: I don't think that's the answer Rob but I honestly can't give you a direct answer to that. I don't I would tell you just to be clear. I've seen no change in the pricing dynamics. I’ve seen no change in the pricing dynamics of the business we buy. Now I guess your point is, if you buy $300 million business it's nowhere near the percent of our total as it was in the past but that's just true.
Nick Howley: I don't -- my own, I happen to be looking at a chart that anybody could make up. My own guess is we'll see a cycle back.
Nick Howley: Yes, and we take some comfort there and the bookings were pretty strong in the bizjet. And the two big customers, the two biggest we sell all the biggest are Gulfstream and Textron and they seem to still be expecting a decent year though we do seem to have a lot of sort of moving around the deliveries and that sort of thing.
Nick Howley: That I don’t know that I can pin to that specifically Rob, but I mean that could make sense to me. There's awful lot of we sell everything in dollars, the majority of our aftermarket customers are believing in some other currency and things were very expensive to them. Now I can’t give you any specifics on that but that's sort of make sense to me. Now that can’t go on very long right, the consumption the same at some point you're going to buy.
Nick Howley: Yes, or fly less, that's right, that's right. But anecdotally that could make sense but I have to tell you I can't -- I can't put any numbers around that. Now one of the things we did put some effort into as I mentioned we're putting numbers around was the surplus parts. And we have a very hard time seeing; we don't see anything in there when we track the high dollar value parts.
Nick Howley: I'm not exactly sure how to answer that. I mean, we obviously we bought shares because we thought the price looks good is why we bought them. Now, may be the reason for that is because the market assumptions that the market -- the market is making but what we bought we just look at this as a capital allocation when the buy looks good and we don’t immediately see any near-term uses, no matter, we buy.
Nick Howley: I don’t think we have -- I don’t think we have. No, no, I don’t I know we haven’t. We have a few businesses that are tied to more discretionary things like inferior upgrades and things like that and frankly they are doing okay.
Nick Howley: So I can't -- no, I like to be able to put my finger on something like that and say there it is but I can’t.
Nick Howley: It’s roughly; it’s roughly the same as the installed base of airplanes. I mean, we're pretty well market weighted so take RPMs, take installed base of airplanes, I’m saying this from memory but I’m guessing that’s something around 30%.
Nick Howley: And if that’s not exactly the right number it doesn’t mean that our business is disproportionately weighted it means I forgot the right number.
Nick Howley: I think no different than we've said before, no different than we've said before. I have a contract and you know what the contract -- what my contract says. With the change in the compensation up, frankly, I -- probably 95% of my compensation for the last 10 years has been equity driven anyway. And I -- I'm going to make it all equity driven, which I think is generally a vote of confidence.
Nick Howley: Now, after I do that by the way, the stock is supposed to go up, not down by the way. That's a joke guys.
Nick Howley: David, I don't have any unique insight any more than any of you guys do. As I said before, it feels long it took to me. I noticed some rates were starting to move down in the wider bodies. I noticed airline monitored and I'm sure you follow them. I noticed they soften their sort of soften their outlook here and the last time they published it, it concerns us. I don't -- again, I have no unique knowledge, nor do I have any certainty about it. But our view is and you're better off to get cost out quick and you can always adjust the other direction that you have to.
Nick Howley: Yes. I think -- to say so much potentially, I think we do whatever we have to do to try and hold the margins. But I think it drops in the 10%, 15%, 20% kind of range particularly, with the fact that the aftermarket typically doesn't drop like that at all and you get a little mix. I think we can pretty comfortably between cost reductions and the balance for our business hold the margins, hold the margin percent.
Nick Howley: Yes, they were down pretty significantly. Our assumptions are roughly they don't stay like that. They pick up a little bit through the year. We -- it seems to us to be an overreaction. Now, I don't -- the helicopter business, the commercial helicopter business is pretty bumpy as I'm sure you know in aftermarket and OEM, but that's not a lot of our business. So I don't see that driving it much. But I would expect the aftermarket for the business jets to be a little better. Though I have to say the aftermarket business jet bookings weren't great in the quarter, that's in the aftermarket. The OEM bookings were quite good.
Nick Howley: I mean I've seen a pickup in demand. Michael, as you know, I'm not -- if you take the numbers this quarter and take the numbers for the year and divide by three you got to see a pickup in demand. Historically, that's happened there for a period like this. You've ended up with some pretty high quarters. If the pickup doesn't happen then we won't meet the number. Now, that doesn't mean we won't meet our revenue or EPS number some other way. But --
Nick Howley: Well, your assumption going into the year wasn't much growth there. Now, it wasn't a drop like we saw in the first quarter. So we're trending the same place as we were going into the year that that's sort of a flattish market.
Nick Howley: So -- and it's not running at a real high level. Every year everybody thinks it's going to pick up, but it hasn't. Now, the underlying takeoff and landings aren't great, but they're not drastically down.
Nick Howley: I don’t think it’s just – it’s not that the bookings are so off but shipments are disproportionately, down that is the point I was trying to make.
Nick Howley: No, we’re not and we’re not avoiding it, it’s just we have the sort of the same sort all the time proprietary aerospace significant aftermarket comping. What we pay is dependent on what we think of the outlook of it but we are neither avoiding nor are we seeking military disproportionately.
Nick Howley: I don’t – we just I don’t want to comment on sort of short term times like that. I think we’ll wait for the quarter and talk about it when we have the data. I don’t want to start anecdotally comment it.
Nick Howley: It surely could be, it surely could be but I don’t want to – I don’t want to hang in on anything specific unless I have the data pretty clearly. But it’s not unusual that we see inventory adjustments at the end of the year people want to kind of polish things up.
Nick Howley: It’s all over the map; it is all over the map for the businesses. Some have a catalog they put out once a year but it’s not necessarily on a calendar cycle, some don’t have a catalog, they price a lot of it on demand, so there is not a one point of time we would certainly step up.
Nick Howley: I don’t think so. I mean we may answer is I think it’s pretty ratable through the year maybe a little weighted towards the prices going in the first half of the year but then have to work through the backlog a little bit.
