Liza Sabol: Good morning and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2015 second quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Stein; our Senior Executive Vice President, Greg Rufus; and Terry Paradie, our new Chief Financial Officer. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC. These are available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, now let me turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Thanks, guys. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I'd ask that you'd limit your questions to two per caller. If you have further questions, please re-insert yourself into the queue and we'll answer those as time permits. Operator, we are now ready to open the line.
Liza Sabol: Thank you for participating in this morning's call and please look for our 10-Q that we expect to file tomorrow.
Carter Copeland: Hey. Good morning, Nick, and welcome, Terry and Greg. Thanks for helping us all this time and congrats on not having to put up with us anymore.
Carter Copeland: Couple of questions. One from a high level, Nick. When you look at the three recent transactions and compare them to some of the others you've seen, whether it's Airborne, EME, I wonder if you might compare and contrast those and how you feel about these. They certainly look like some of the transactions we've seen in the past, obviously, Franke and Adams Rite or Pexco and Schneller. I wonder if you might just give us some color about how you think about how you think about these acquisitions versus some of the others you've done in the past couple years.
Carter Copeland: Yeah, exactly. Just a quick follow-on. Last quarter, you talked about being some distributor destocking. I didn't know if you saw any more of that or if you were past that or...
Nick Howley: Well, if I compare that to say Airborne, these are more right down the middle of the plate kind of acquisitions, proprietary, aerospace, commercial aerospace, kind of things. I would describe them as I think that's the best way to do it, right down the middle of the plate. I would say – which by the way is what Arkwin was like and what the GE business was like, which were the previous ones we bought. As I mentioned to you, I think there's the – let me stay off Pexco. I think that's just because we don't own it yet and we're restricted in what we can say.
Nick Howley: But I think it's a significant value generator. The Telair one, I think there's good upside, though as I said, Carter, I don't know that it gets up to the average at least for the next three years or so. There's just some contractual issues there.
Nick Howley: I don't want – I can't really talk – confidentiality agreements with your customers. But that'd be a pretty good guess. I don't know what else would do it.
Nick Howley: So $500 million without the financing, $400 million because we'll probably throw in there from the financing.
Nick Howley: It's a small – I don't know the exact percent. It's a small percent. It's surely in the single digits, well in the single digits. And the only reason that they register on the meter is because they drop off so much.
Nick Howley: I think so. I think so. Nobody gives us a reason when they don't order, but that's surely what we surmise.
Nick Howley: I don't know that I can call it exactly that close. I mean, clearly, the trends in the commercial transport look good. However, the comps get pretty tough. If you remember, the second half of last year was up 17%, 18%.
Nick Howley: So the comps get tough. It's clearly going in the right direction. And absent anything else, it might well get there, but we're getting some down drags on the other pieces of it. And just when I'd put them all in a stew, it makes me feel like that high-single-digit number's a little risky. Now we get a spike like we did last year at the end of the year, we'll be fine, but that seems to me more of a sort of a hope than a plan.
Nick Howley: I just think we don't foresee any other acquisitions, we don't see any difference in our operations than we have...
Nick Howley: I don't know that I can say that. As I've always said, we're die everyday and the ones that look like they work, we take a swing at. I would say on aftermarket, Telair is a pretty hefty aftermarket. Franke's pretty hefty aftermarket. I think as we told you, the Pexco one is about 35% now, but just by natural occurrence, it's going to drift up to 60% just because the planes going in have much more content than the planes coming out. So I don't know that I would say that they're proprietary aerospace businesses with a fair amount of aftermarket. They don't – now, they see a clear path to that.
Nick Howley: I don't know enough – I really am not sure. I think it's a transient because the bookings look pretty good.
Nick Howley: We give a guidance in total. We don't give it by each one of those segments. But with the bookings good, you would hope to see some pickup.
Nick Howley: I don't have the number in front of me, Rob. I don't think it's big enough to have a material impact on the business through the year, but it drops off enough it can sort of make some quarterly comparisons look funny. But I don't know the – as I sit here, I just don't know the exact numbers. It is far and away – it's way smaller than commercial transport as I'm sure you know and it is significantly smaller than business jet.
Nick Howley: No. I'm saying right now, as I sit here today, we are not figuring we can get there. Now as contracts run out over time, our view on that may change, and hopefully – we tend to be somewhat conservative in our acquisition models, so hopefully we can do better. But we don't – we want to be sure we have a model that we can meet and get our PE-like returns without making too many wild assumptions. So, I'd figure it doesn't get there right now.
Nick Howley: I mean, you know that's always a possibility. Right? Because if you take the, probably the last couple quarters, add them up and adjust for price, it probably isn't quite keeping up with RPMs. Now you also have the confounding variable of the six months before that, it was up 18% or something like that.
Nick Howley: Yeah. So I don't exactly know how to parse that out. But, Rob, clearly there's some chance. But as I said, if we get a fourth quarter spike like we did last year, all will be well, but we're just not figuring on that. Now whether that comes or it doesn't come along, will have no effect or impact on that. It either will or it won't.
Nick Howley: I'm very reticent to speculate on that since for the last three years or four years, I usually have been too pessimistic and it's done better. I will say, if you look through the data, it's still not clear. You got product lines all over the map: some up, some down, some sideways. I think I'd just have to stick with sort of the guidance we gave you. I feel pretty good looking six months out because our book – we've been shipping pretty well and our bookings are hanging in pretty well. I just – it's very difficult for me to speculate beyond that.
Nick Howley: I think the chances – let me back – I think if you asked me four years ago, me and many people would have said, you could be looking at a 25% dislocation. I don't – I think the risk of that is likely behind us.
Nick Howley: Yeah, I don't think I can sort of slice the onion that thin. March always looks better to us because it's a five-week month for us in our accounting system.
Nick Howley: Yeah. In the first quarter, as you know, we're about eight to 10 days short on shipping days. So it always – the first quarter always looks a little worse. And the last quarter – the last month of each quarter looks good to us. Always looks good, because we're on a 4-4-5 schedule. So I don't know that I can parse that out and give you anything definitive.
Nick Howley: Well, one thing I can say for sure is the pipeline today has three less businesses in it than it had 90 days ago. I think that's about the only thing I can say with certainty. We're still active. We're still looking at things. I have no ability to predict whether we are done buying or not done buying here for the year. Obviously, we think there is – we don't think we're dead or we wouldn't be looking to borrow more than we need to pay out, but time will tell.
Nick Howley: Yeah. I would say it is across businesses, though the Parachute business is the biggest pickup. That one's up very substantially. Others are up, but not to that degree. And it's still – I don't want to say it's a tide rising and all the ships are coming up still. I mean, it's still a mixed picture.
Nick Howley: Yeah. And it's the change from when we bought it till the end of the year. A lot of the tailwind you saw already. So it isn't a big number. On the European productivity or cost situation, that's one that we understand we're in a different environment and I think we've – we hope we've reflected that appropriately. We're a little more conservative than we might be in a different situation.
Gregory Rufus: I don't reconcile all of the pieces, but I could tell you that our cash flow is what it is and our operating capital is pretty good. Our DSOs are in good shape, our inventory is in good shape. It's in the noise range, but we may spend like $10 million in transition service agreements, which wouldn't be part of the EBITDA, but that's only like $10 million with the two acquisitions. So I don't know to your starting point, or we have so many moving pieces with everything we just threw at you, but we think it's more like $900 million and everything's clicking in the right direction.
Gregory Rufus: Well, the discrete items were – we finished up an audit and did that. That was only $0.06, the discrete item.
Gregory Rufus: And then as we go forward, we think the rate will be below 32%. Of this tax structure stuff, we won't give you an effective tax rate that we're going to forecast in 2016, but we think on an annualized basis, it's between $10 million and $12 million of tax savings from this restructuring – from this new structure we've set up with the former operations (37:36).
Gregory Rufus: No, that's not embedded in the forecast right now. I mean, as a general rule until we actually own it, we don't put it in. We were just giving you a little color on leverage.
