Jorge Valladares: Thanks, Kevin. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I will provide color/commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2021. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. Any acquisitions are included in both periods and the impact of any divestitures is removed in both periods. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 28% in Q2, compared with the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were strong, compared to the same prior year period and again significantly out pays sales.  Sequentially, bookings improved almost 10%, compared to Q1 with sales improving almost 15%. While we expect demand for our commercial OEM products to continue to be reduced in the short-term, we are encouraged by build rates gradually progressing at the commercial OEMs. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 46% in Q2 when compared with the prior year period. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by increased demand in our passenger sub market, which is our largest sub market, although all of our commercial aftermarket sub markets were up significantly compared to prior year Q2. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues and bookings both grew by approximately 10%. Commercial aftermarket bookings were up this quarter, compared to the same prior year period and Q2 bookings strongly outpaced sales. To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles remain depressed. There was a modest sequential decline in revenue passenger miles in January due to the Omicron variant and a tough comparison to December holiday travel. However, revenue passenger miles have continued to improve since January. The limited impact on air travel from the Omicron variant along with the Russia Ukraine conflict, which began at the end of February demonstrates the strong underlying demand and willingness of passengers to travel. This provides optimism for the pace of the recovery of air traffic in the remainder of 2022. IATA also recently stated that based on the current recovery momentum, they expect passenger traffic to return to pre-pandemic levels in 2023, which is a year earlier than previously forecast. The recovery in domestic travel continues to be more resilient than international. In the most recently reported IATA traffic data for March, domestic air travel was only down 23%, compared to pre-pandemic, while international travel was down about 5%. The U.S. and Europe continue to show strong demand for domestic travel, although China has been more volatile due to its zero COVID policies, which caused localized lockdowns and rapid drop-offs in air travel. Though the pace of the international air traffic recovery has been slow, it is steadily progressing and we're hopeful for improvement in international travel in the remainder of 2022. Many of the government imposed travel restrictions have softened or lifted entirely, which is encouraging. Global cargo volumes continue to be strong, although air freight demand has tempered a bit recently. This trend could continue as the year progresses, due to unfavorable impacts on air freight from the lockdowns in China and the Russia Ukraine conflict, time will tell. Business jet utilization remains robust. Commentary from Business jet OEMs and operators remains positive and these higher levels of Business jet activity appeared likely to continue in the near-term. Now, let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues decreased by approximately 2% in Q2 when compared with the prior year period. As we've said many times, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. Similar to Q1, our teams continue to be challenged with supply chain induced delays in fulfilling orders. The supply chain issues primarily around the lack of availability of electronic components. Our operating units are actively pursuing mitigating actions to overcome these issues. Our defense order book remains strong and bookings this quarter improved 30% sequentially versus Q1. We expect our defense business to expand throughout the remainder of the year. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we continue to expect low-single-digit percent range growth in fiscal 2022 for our defense market revenues. I'd like to finish by recognizing the strong efforts of our teams and continuing to overcome the negative impacts of the pandemic and supply chain disruptions. We remain focused on our value drivers and meeting the increased demand for our products. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Jorge Valladares: Hey, Ken. This is Jorge. I'll take this one. Yes, in general, as we've noted, we saw decent recovery across all the sub markets. There wasn't any specific concentration in any particular market and we’re cautiously optimistic that that will continue. As you know, we don't get any visibility to the inventory levels at the airlines.
Jorge Valladares: Yes, we have limited views on inventory at distribution. I think, in general, we believe that the destocking cycle is kind of running out of gas and everyone is hopeful with the commentary from the airlines on a busy summer travel season and trying to prepare accordingly.
Jorge Valladares: Yes, Michael, this is Jorge. I'll take that one. In general, we don't provide specifics about our pricing. Our long-standing approach has been to get real prices above inflation. Obviously, we're generally in a higher inflationary environment and the goal is still the goal. So, we're trying to get some real prices increases above that inflationary level. And that's how we approach it.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think in general, as Mike commented earlier, we don't provide any guidance on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Obviously Boeing recently announced their expectations in terms of increasing the 737 Max production rate, I think later this quarter, and they continue to work with the FAA in resolving the outstanding issues on the 787. But across our entire business space, everyone has different lead times and where they may enter and see those future rate increases depends by business.
Jorge Valladares: Right now, we don't see any issues supporting the growth on the commercial side. It's been a little bit more concentrated on our defense businesses, and again towards electronic components, the teams have been pretty active over the prior couple of quarters trying to adapt and adjust their MRP’s as they need to plan for additional supply and anything that might happen, but we do not see that limiting our growth prospects at all.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on some additional financial matters for the quarter and also our expectations for the full fiscal year. First, in regard to profitability for our second quarter, EBITDA As Defined of about 633 million for Q2 was up 22% versus prior Q2.  EBITDA As Defined margin in the quarter was approximately 47.7%. This represents year-over-year improvement in our EBITDA As Defined margin of about 420 basis points versus Q2 of last year. Sequentially, the margin increased by 40 basis points versus last quarter and we expect this improvement to continue for the balance of the fiscal year. Next, a few additional comments on select financial metrics for the quarter and again also the full-year. Organic growth was 15% for the quarter, driven by the rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On taxes, we're revising our expected adjusted tax rate for this fiscal year downward slightly to a range of 24% to 26%. Our GAAP and cash tax rates guidance is unchanged and still expected to be in the 21% to 23% range. Moving over to cash and liquidity, we had another quarter of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as EBITDA As Defined less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $222 million. As noted in the press release, this amount was slightly lower this quarter, but this is just timing. Specifically, due to the quarter-end date of April 2, we picked up an extra cash interest payment that was made on April 1. In addition, we had higher cash tax payments in the quarter. As we mentioned before, cash tax payments, and cash interest payments can be lumpy across the quarters. For the full fiscal year, our free cash flow guidance is unchanged from the November earnings call. That is, we still anticipate free cash flow to be in the 1 billion area for the fiscal year, maybe a little better. As Kevin mentioned, we used $667 million of cash to repurchase shares during the quarter at a weighted average purchase price of about 637 per share and ended the quarter with 4.2 billion of cash. In total, we repurchased about 1.05 million shares and did it through an open market repurchase program. We view and model these share repurchases just like any other capital investment such as the acquisition of a new business, and expect the similar rate of return. Additionally, in the 10-Q that is filed later today, you'll see that our strong sales rebound resulted in networking capital being a 130 million use of cash this quarter. This resulted in less cash being booked to our balance sheet than in prior quarters. As mentioned previously, we have the cash to fund this investment and we're glad to see our primary commercial end markets rebounding and therefore driving this need. As we continue to recover from COVID’s impact on our travel, and recover to 2019 global activity levels, we'd expect an additional 200 million to 275 million of cash to go back into networking capital. The timeline over which this will happen remains uncertain, but should generally track the recovery. Moving on to leverage levels. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio is currently at 6.6x, down from 8.2x at its peak at the end of our fiscal 2021 second quarter. We expect to continue running free cash flow positive for the balance of our 2022 fiscal year barring any additional capital markets activities such as dividends or share repurchase, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio will keep ticking down as the year progresses. We are watching the rising interest rate environment closely. We remain 85% hedged on our 20 billion gross debt balance through a combination of interest rate caps and swaps that go out through calendar year 2025. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates. We have included a supporting sensitivity table in today's slide deck that shows you what our annual cash interest expense will be at a range of three month LIBOR values. In summary, from an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the still depressed, but now rebounding commercial aerospace environment for quite some time. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: Sorry, the lost contract amortization from the  acquisition? It starts to bleed down. I think you probably remember when we came out with it. We expect something in the area of $30 million to $40 million a year or so and it trails off. So, as we get further out, you're right, that amount will continue coming down. And then it ends about five years post deal, completely.
Mike Lisman: But with defense bookings up 30%, clearly that's why we're still sticking with what we communicated at the beginning of the year. As Jorge alluded to, the budget just being signed, things are opening up a bit, we'll see.
Mike Lisman: No, I think that's right. And we're hedged as you guys know too. So, the near term impact of any rise in rates is somewhat muted just by the impact, the offsetting impact of the hedges. 
Mike Lisman: I think it'll be spread over multiple quarters and it's hard to say, right? It sort of attracts the revenue and where we go with the end markets and things have been so lumpy there that it's hard to pinpoint exactly where working capital is going to go, but there's still 200 some that will have to go back into working capital when you look at the receivables, inventory, and payables balances. That's how we look at it. From peak-to-trough, we were down about 400 million during COVID, so somewhere on the order of like 130 million or so or 150 million or so has gone back in to date, but we've still got 200 to 275 more to go and the pace over which it happens, we'll see, right. It depends on how commercial recovers.
Kevin Stein: So, China and bookings commentary, China, well China is in our numbers now. Obviously, we've seen depressed flight activity in China. Although Asia is starting to show some green shoots, of activity in the rest of Asia. So, remain encouraged there. This should be some, sort of upside for us, hard to gauge how much as the future unfolds as China starts flying domestically and internationally. On bookings, I think we remain encouraged on – aftermarket bookings continue to increase and so do OEMs, so does the defense, defense had very strong bookings as you heard Jorge comment on. It's why we remain confident and optimistic on the year for defense spending.
Kevin Stein: I think that orders and shipments can be lumpy. The supply chain is not efficient. I don't have any exact commentary on why we might be outperforming today. I know at times we can appear to outperform and at times underperform, it's just the inefficiencies of the market. 
Kevin Stein: Well, we've historically done share repurchases. It has happened in the past sizable repurchases. We're looking at this, as I said in my comments, opportunistically, as a way to get capital back out to the shareholders. We're not thinking about it any differently. We're evaluating all options on the table. There are M&A opportunities and when we determine that the time is right, we will move forward with other capital deployment in terms of M&A deals or share repurchase dividends. There's no magic formula to decide which will do, it's kind of as we decide as we go, but everything's on the table right now.
Kevin Stein: Well, we have pre-authorization from the Board to go to. I believe 2.2 billion in share repurchases. We've used 667 million of that, I think it depends on the opportunities that come along. Again, we model this just like an acquisition and we see similar returns. We're evaluating all options. I can't comment much more than that. We want to ensure we have enough dry powder to do any deals that we see coming along of any sizable extent.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I'll take that, Rob. From our perspective, we're seeing some pressures at the lower levels of direct labor in general. As most of you know, most of the labor requirements really are driven by the commercial OEM, so we think we're properly resource to support the improvement in the commercial aftermarket. I wouldn't say that we've seen any significant uptick in turnover on the engineering staff, it's a little bit more of a competitive marketplace. But as always, we're going to be cautious in adding back resources as it's still a little bit of a dynamic situation.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think we're optimistic about defense budgets in the future. It obviously takes a while for that to trickle down to us as a component supplier, but we do see a favorable environment shaping up for us in the future on defense.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think I said to that we want to say on that, we're not giving guidance. I did say in my prepared remarks that we would – we see outperforming that 20% to 30% resource planning target. We are not – the market isn't so stable right now that we're going to go out on a   and communicate higher where we tend to be conservative in our guidance and there is still book and shift that has to happen. So, we're sticking with, you know we're going to outperform the 20% to 30% that we initially gave at the year, but not put a finer point on it right now.
Kevin Stein: Well, pricing we don't comment on specifics. Our goal is that we need to overcome inflation. Inflation as you've seen from CPI values is running very high historically over many decades. It is a focus and what part of our job is to evaluate and to pass along the inflationary pressures that we see. So far, we have been successful in doing that.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We think it was in general broad based in nature. There wasn't one or two specific programs driving that. In general, we saw the pickup with the passage of the DoD budget throughout the quarter. So, we expect that there may be a little bit of catch up that the DoD and DLA are playing there with that delay.
Kevin Stein: In general, these can be lumpy. So, we're not in a position to comment on whether we're seeing any increases right now and what we hope we're being cautious here, but time will tell. 
Kevin Stein: We aren't splitting out the pieces. All of the key market segments have gone up and are doing better. We're not splitting out the segments. That activity though has, I think increased the most in any of the sub markets so far.
Kevin Stein: Interiors has also improved quite surprisingly. The only, I think as Jorge touched on, the only sector that is still growing, but starting to slow its growth a little bit was the freight as we've already heard there would be some slowdowns, but interiors, all of the sub markets are up until the right. It's the first time I think we've seen something that pronounced across all of the sub markets.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think we don't want to get into given quarterly guidance on defense revenue outlooks, but generally as Jorge mentioned, there were such strengths in the booking and as we look out over the next two quarters that we feel pretty confident that we're going to be able to hold a low single digit range for the year. So, Q3 and Q4 will be quite a big ramp up to your point, but in terms of forecasting how big each quarter? I don't think we want to get on the quarterly the expectations…
Kevin Stein: Yes. I mean as I noted, primarily what we're seeing are difficulties on the electronic components. We would anticipate there's probably still some headwinds, excuse me and challenges in the second half, but we do expect with six months to go that we’ll be able to clear fair amount of those. The teams are working the details daily and communicating with the customer base. So, we think we can get there by the end of the year.
Kevin Stein: We actively look for opportunities around the world. Certainly in Europe, we're always evaluating opportunities. I don't think we want to be, grow defense exposure. We're a commercial aerospace company and we will continue to look for those opportunities and value them generally higher than defense opportunities, but all options are open on the table including in Europe where we've had excellent luck doing acquisitions.
Kevin Stein: We are not a big PMA player. We are heavily a engineered product developer. So, I'm not sure we're looking at getting out of our comfort zone or the products that we make to get into other areas of aerospace unless acquisitions lead us there.
Kevin Stein: We've certainly encouraged our teams not to skimp on inventory in this environment that not having necessary inventory and not being able to complete a sale is not acceptable. So, if we need a little bit extra to help us bridge through this time, we've certainly told our teams to look at those options.
Kevin Stein: You know, it's hard to say and I think we'll give guidance when we go back to giving guidance as far as next year goes, but generally you guys know the way we like to run the business. We should always see our margins given some stability in the end markets, March upward each year. By exactly how much is just hard to say, given where commercial aftermarket is, and how the mix shift there can impact your margins, but generally obviously should trend upward, but at this point, I don't think we want to say by how much, hard to do.
Kevin Stein: I think in general terms as supply chain issues arise in any industry, right, and any good buyer would try and get some inventory on the shelf to what extent airlines, distributors are doing that, we just don't have enough visibility there.
