W. Nicholas Howley: Let me -- this is Nick Howley. If I confused anybody, apparently once or twice, I used the wrong EBITDA margin for the second quarter. 47% was the reported EBITDA as adjusted margin if there was any confusion there.
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me start off, Myles, by saying, in case it's not transparently obvious, I don't know when the pick up's coming. I would say for the first half versus second half, as I think I said, I mean, it's essentially just math. We're up 1% the first half. To be 5% for the year, over 5%, we've got to be 9% or 10% for the second half.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I don't -- I surely -- it feels to me like it's slipping out further. And I hear everybody else talking about the second half of their year, and the second half of their year starts in our fourth quarter. The further out I go, the better I feel about it. I think that's probably about the best I could tell you. I don't want to get into speculating about the next quarter yet.
W. Nicholas Howley: A range, a range. Not real big, but not real little ones either. We have some decent stuff in the pipeline.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's more like that. I would say the things -- some of the things we've been working on, frankly, have been moving along slower than I might have hoped. You can't always control the speed of motion -- speed of movement on them. Well, I guess you can. You can give up on everything. But generally, we've seen some things moving. It's a little slower than we hope, but I just -- I'm very wary, and I'm very cautious about speculating on the rate of close on anything. But I would tell you, we're still pretty busy.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think what we did tell you is, to meet our EBITDA goal for the year, we have to get close to 49% for the second half of the year. So that's, I would say, starting to get close to 50% again. I don't want to get into speculating what next year's quarters might look like, but I think we tried to give you a little bit of guidance in that our base business, the pre-McKechnie EBITDA margins if you would normalize for noise, in our view, are still moving up in the 1%, little over 1% a year. So you can almost take -- if you've got any -- wherever we stand, you'd expect, even it stopped sort of a significant improvement, you'd expect -- you could move the things 1 point a year. So 49% in the second half of the year starts to make you feel pretty good, all things being equal, and the next year you ought to be able to get there.
W. Nicholas Howley: By the way, let me just back up on whoever asked me on the -- I think it was you -- I think it was Myles. The second half would have to be up. To get to the 5%, second half will have to be up 8% versus the first half. Now which I would say is not -- I wouldn't say that's impossible, but it's starting to feel like a pretty good stretch to me.
W. Nicholas Howley: The same 12-month period, first half '12 to first half '13, that's always what I'm talking about when I do that margin analysis.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, it's a little over 1%. It's a little over 1%, but not -- it's a little over 1% is what I said, but that's about what it is, Rob. And I think an old business that we've had for a while, they're not going to hit infinity. So they're not going to hit 100%. These things are running at pretty high margins. It takes a fair amount to move them.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't want to get -- I don't want to talk about this quarter, Rob. I just don't -- I mean, I can't talk about this quarter and things that we haven't come out with yet. But I mean, you hear -- I guess you hear what I'm saying is, I hear everyone else talking about the second half of the calendar year, which is -- starts in our fourth quarter, and that sort of seems like it makes more sense to me.
W. Nicholas Howley: It tracks the fleet, Rob. We could take the installed base or the hours flown or something like that, and I would guess the 2 of them are -- I'm just going to say this from memory, 55% or something like that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Their view on that, again, for what it's worth -- but I think, Rob, you probably know those guys. They're fairly knowledgeable. I mean, they do...
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, they do a lot of work on it. They keep a lot of track of it. Their general view for us was by next year, the Asian ones are pretty well sorted out and cranking along. They're a little more nervous about Europe.
W. Nicholas Howley: It could. Rob, I would say we are probably booked out now. Not booked out to the end of the year, but on defense, I'm going to say this. We're probably booked out more than 3 and less than 6 months, which doesn't get us all the way to the end of the year, but gets us close. Now they're -- as I said, there is always risk. Defense Department can cancel things. I'm assuming they don't cancel things. So that's what gives me a little more comfort. Usually, not never, but it's fairly unusual for them to start canceling orders they already placed.
W. Nicholas Howley: That's awful hard to know. It's obviously better than we expected. I would say that we're getting a pretty good pop from the 25% of our military business that's non-U.S. That's going along pretty well. But the orders are higher than we expected. So I don't exactly know why.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, what I said about the aftermarket is it was on a reported basis for the quarter, the aftermarket revenues were down less than 1%, but there were less days than the previous quarter. If you adjusted it per days, it was up about 2.5%, and it was the same sort of relationship for the first half of the year. It's just -- it's the way holidays fall in our quarterly cutoffs.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, definitely. So what I said, you've got one little up and the other a little down. I call that about flat.
W. Nicholas Howley: I really can't say I see a substantive change in the market dynamics, either people in or pricing levels. I mean, good stuff typically sells at a pretty good price, but I can't say I've seen some significant difference in market participants. Probably the only way that realistically happens would be to get a bunch of PE guys jumping in on the deals, and we haven't seen a lot of that.
W. Nicholas Howley: No. That's what I tried to say, just to be clear. If you strip out the new platforms, which I'll define as CSeries, 787 and new Airbus A380, not too much A350 because it's not all defined yet. But if you strip that out, at least the conclusions that we got on the base aftermarket business was still that the positions were such that you could expect to grow slightly above the RPM growth rate, which says you have a pretty good distribution of parts. If you add the new ones on, the estimate was you'd grow a bit above the RPM rate. Now that says to me you've got a decent portfolio mix, and that was one of the main goals we gave them or a scope definition in the job, by the way.
W. Nicholas Howley: It's -- I just simply can't talk about that. It's a public company. And they're going through the tender process, and I just can't say anything about it.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know that our view has changed a lot since the last quarter, and I don't know that I can make any judgment from one quarter on the OE production rates and inventory drawdown. That's more like a multiple year issue than a 3- or 6-month issue.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I think we go through that sort of once a year what our view is of the subsequent year production rates. I think I will address that when we do the next -- when we do our next year's guidance.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we can't talk about anything beyond the published information at the end of March. We'll talk about the next quarter when we talk about it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, sequential revenues in defense I think she's been asking. I mean, generally, it's going better than we anticipated. I don't remember the exact number.
W. Nicholas Howley: We did tell you that the bookings continue to run ahead of the shipments, and we're going to figure out the sequential number here in a minute. Go ahead.
W. Nicholas Howley: We are assuming that -- the biggest assumption is that we will not get any cancellations. In other words, we are probably booked out for a good part of the year. It's more than 3 and less than 6 months we're booked out, and we only got 6 months left in the year. So I think we're pretty comfortable if we don't start to get cancellations or things don't just stop. I don't know if I can give you a number on that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I would say I don't think -- surely, I can't tell if it's you 0 across the company, but I can tell you there has been no substantive or material cancellations from the government. We have not seen them do that. Generally, they do not, but they have the right to. Defense contracts can almost always be canceled for convenience, which means they have to pay you whatever money you have in it and a negotiated markup. They typically don't do that because they'd rather have the product and pay half the money and not get the product. Of course, they can do it, but they can -- they have the right to do it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Both. And I really don't -- yes, we're a supplier like all other suppliers are to them. Yes, they're discussing with us also. I really am not willing to get into -- I don't want to get into details of our discussion with individual customers. By the way, what is it, sequentially that shipment? Defense is high-single digits increase sequentially. That's a percentage.
W. Nicholas Howley: AmSafe is -- you're not going to get as rapid an increase like McKechnie because you do have at least a net business. It's not going to change as much. It's not as good a business. The...
W. Nicholas Howley: The net and cargo business, which is the smaller, smaller portion. I would say the big chunk, which is the seatbelts, is moving along very nicely and is starting to look a lot like a TransDigm business. I think that's probably about the best I can tell you on it. That's the big chunk is the aerospace seatbelts, and that's looking very good to us. The net business is not -- is looking fairly good, too. It's just the margins that are low. So you're moving a -- you're trying to move a 10% margin to a 20% or something, it doesn't look as dramatic when you add it all up. And the ground business is about flat.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, it'll be -- we're surely going to hold onto it for another year. It's really not a big enough business to make much impact on anything when you take the revenue times the EBITDA. So it's sort of a value call after a while. Does it make any sense to sell something if you have to substantially discount what the EBITDA is valued at? You know what I mean? Plus you get the tax leakage. Usually it's easiest to do them all bang, bang, bang right around the time of the acquisition.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't want to -- now I'm being evasive, of course. I would say in the capital markets, something could happen whenever it seems right. I would suspect it would be more towards the back end of the year, though. I mean, I think we probably keep looking and wringing our hands for a while before we do it.
W. Nicholas Howley: I wouldn't expect that to drive any kind of product rationalization or selling things off or anything like that. The main scope we were trying to understand is, is there anything, I'll say, discontinuous or unusual about our portfolio that's making this aftermarket stay down longer than we might have hoped? The biggest part of the scope was to go through and figure all our parts, which we thought we knew, and gave us a second set of eyes to figure out all our products on the chipsets, then extend that by the hours of flight and things like that on each of the chipsets, and tell us whether we have a portfolio that's better weighted, the same as or a little worse than the market. That was probably the biggest part of it. And the second was, can you give us any sense as to why this market's staying down? And those are the 2 things that I tried to talk to you about. I think the summary we got is, we feel pretty good about the portfolio of products we have. So I wouldn't see us doing anything significantly different with them. On acquisitions, we'll buy what we always buy. We'll buy proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We're not trying to fill a hole in or something like that. It's hard enough to find good ones without getting put too many boundary conditions on it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, we give you -- headcount is a sort of one -- it's a proxy for cost structure. It's not perfect, right, there's other things and specifically there's outside buys is the other thing. But if the OEM mix continues to get higher, this is just the same -- it's another way of saying that there's a mix impact. You need more people and more effort to produce a part for OEM than you do a part for the aftermarket per dollar of revenue just because they're priced differently. So if the difference kept going on for a period of time, it would get increasingly difficult to get the headcount balanced up with the revenue or the volume. We do not see that as a problem now. Historically, we have been able to -- it hasn't slowed so drastically that we have not been able to get the cost structure adjusted. And I don't see that in the foreseeable future right now.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, just to be clear, I only spoke about the commercial business. Anything having to do with SH&E, as I talked about, was only to do with the commercial business, not the defense business.
W. Nicholas Howley: I thought they may or may not be on -- the defense business is separate from that. We didn't ask them to opine, particularly on our pricing capabilities, but we don't see nor have we seen any change in the dynamics there.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, what they know is they have a pretty good idea of what is getting parted out, because people are forever hiring them to study that and study what they can part out and sell. So they know the kind of things that are. I can't tell you they know every part number, and they know sort of the dollar price points and the type of things people are buying, and their conclusion is somewhat the same ours has been. For relatively low dollar value items, people tend to not do it.
W. Nicholas Howley: No. They got -- they see the prices, the unit prices and things like that for us when they go through it. And they don't meet their criteria for the kind of things they've been seeing parted out. Now the answer is never 100% or 0, but it's not a significant factor. Either the PMA stuff you can get a little bit better beat on because you can look up what's been or hasn't been approved by the FAA. So we have a pretty good idea that, that's de minimis.
Robert Spingarn: But I figure this is mature business lines for you. You're very efficient. You get more efficient every year.
Robert Spingarn: All right, and then you mentioned what SH&E told you, and they talked about Europe and Asia trends there. What's your relative exposure? I guess it tracks the fleet.
Robert Spingarn: Okay, okay. Just a last question for you on defense, with regard to the fact that you don't have sequestration in there, you've talked about the risk profile. But with the focus from DoD on maintenance and on pulling back flying hours and so on, don't you think you might be a little bit more conservative in the guidance there than what you're looking for here? It seems to me that could change sharply even in a quarter.
