Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today, and welcome you to TransDigm’s fiscal 2012 fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today’s broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning’s press release on our website at transdigm.com. It should be also noted that our Form 10-K will be filed tomorrow and also will be found on our website. Before we begin, the Company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in facts, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Company’s latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available through the Investors section of our website or through the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at SEC.gov. The Company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. If you have further questions, please reenter yourself into the queue and we will answer those questions as time permits. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank you all again for participating on this morning’s call. And again as a reminder, we expect to file our 10-K tomorrow. 
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me try and stab at some of those questions, David, I don’t know if I got them all. We did have some OEM to aftermarket or negative of the mix flow from quarter four compared to quarter three. And we have a little bit more R&D spending in the quarter, but my R&D spending as a percent of sales for the year was roughly flat. So that’s more of a timing issue. So I think that answers that quarter. The impact of the acquisitions this year was only a partial year of the 3%. Next year we’ll have all of the acquisitions for the full year and their margins are lower. So, even though the margin will improve they will still have a 2% impact.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don’t know, that’s a partial question, I thought I answered it why the impact is still 3% next year.David Strauss – UBS Securities, LLC: Okay, okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: The margins in those businesses will improve though.David Strauss – UBS Securities, LLC:  Okay, I’ll take it offline and then in terms of on the interest expense, Greg, can you help just I can get to like 245 to 250, I am struggling to get to 260. I think you talked about you cash rate is like 5%, 7%, what is the actual rate that we should be using on the blended rate that we should be using on the debt. 
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. David what you’re seeing, I mean what you’re seeing there is, we are unsettled with what it’s hard to look at the back-end of the year. I look at everybody else’s sort of announcement on their aftermarket and not be unsettled. As you go into next year that’s all you’re seeing there.David Strauss – UBS Securities, LLC: Okay. Thanks guys. 
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we are pretty well distributed across the fleet, the Boeing and Airbus. So we gave you what our assumptions were, for 2013 and 2014. If you essentially think those assumptions are low, if you know don’t think 11.40 is the right number, you think its 12.40, you can darn adjust our commercial transport business accordingly. That’s what we try to get and that’s just a call. You can be as aggressive or conservative as you want, that’s just a call. That’s what we’re using to come up with our numbers.Seth Seifman – JPMorgan Securities, LLC:  Okay, thanks very much.
W. Nicholas Howley: Hey Carter, good morning.Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, PLC: A couple of quick ones, one Nick, I wondered if you might expand very briefly on the comment you had around bookings. You said for the full year, on a full year basis, bookings were running roughly in line with shipments.
W. Nicholas Howley: You could probably figure it out. May be we can give you the numbers how much we had before.Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, PLC: I mean I’m not very good at addition but.
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean just a second and I’ll let you the (inaudible) Yeah, anything I give you now is pro forma.Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, PLC: Of course.
W. Nicholas Howley: We caught it very, very carefully. Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, PLC:  So adding, but not much.
W. Nicholas Howley: I can’t and the reason I can’t is because we have a business in North Jersey and a business in Connecticut and they lost, the one in New Jersey lost a fair amount of shipping days, wonder if that gets a little bit and I don’t know. I mean, they may catch it all up. It’s just where they catch it all up, but not (inaudible) quarter. I mean, it’s not a big number and it could be almost de minimis or it could be some recognizable number. But it’s not going to make a big impact, Carter, and whatever, it’s all work we have. It just slips into the next quarter.Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, PLC:  Okay. Thanks, guys.
W. Nicholas Howley: We can’t see any more. Maybe we can see out into the first quarter, but I am reticent to comment on that. So we get the number, it’s only, it’s not done yet.Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say the M&A pipeline is okay. It was probably a little stronger three months ago, but I don’t draw a whole lot from that. It’s still decent. It’s really very difficult to estimate close rates or whether we’ll close something. On the capital structure what we’ve said is we’re typically going to be in the 4% to 6% kind of multiple of EBITDA range. When we get done doing this dividend, we’re up a hair over 5% and we’ll draw that. We don’t buy anything else, we’ll draw that down to 4% or under and I would say what we we’ll do is we’ll reassess the situation and see what the economy looks like, see what the credit markets looks like, see what the M&A and we’ll make a call.Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
W. Nicholas Howley: Myles, the other way to look at is I gave you a number about $900 million.Myles Walton – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
W. Nicholas Howley: I can’t answer that, I just don’t know. We bought AmSafe and McKechnie and they were more in the 25, 30 range. Sort of I can’t draw any collusion from that other than that’s what this will look like.Myles Walton – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
W. Nicholas Howley: We are fine by the way, we have no problem. We’re buying the business and low EBITDA tends to ultimately mean you’ve probably got more upside.Myles Walton – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, all right. Fair enough thanks.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would just I think we gave you a range and I’m very reticent to open that range up.Ken Herbert – Imperial Capital, LLC: Okay. Now I can appreciate it. I mean, there is a lot of uncertainty out there obviously.
W. Nicholas Howley: But as I said to somebody else’s question, if you told me it was 12%, I’d say, hope so, that would be great. If you told me it was 3%, I’d say, hope not.Ken Herbert – Imperial Capital, LLC: Okay, no that’s helpful. And if I could just…
W. Nicholas Howley: Only in the overall economic and political ambient. I mean, as I said our bookings ran ahead.Ken Herbert – Imperial Capital, LLC: Yeah
W. Nicholas Howley: Of the shipments, which is we’re happy to have it. We’re not exactly sure why, but we’re happy to have it and they are not sort of continue through the air. It’s held up better than we expected. I’m starting to feel like the broken clock. If I keep saying the same thing eventually I’ll be right.Ken Herbert – Imperial Capital, LLC: Well, you’re right twice a day anyway. Okay. Hey, thank you very much.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I can’t talk about the first quarter. I can just talk about the fourth quarter.Gautam Khanna – Cowen and Company, LLC: Fair.
W. Nicholas Howley: We don’t think we’re very disconnected. We don’t think we’re in total. We maybe a distributor here and there, but I mean they’re offset. In total we don’t think we’re significant, we’re substantially disconnected on the inventory levels distribution.
W. Nicholas Howley: We’ll take out what we have to take out in the downturn. We don’t take the position that we have a fixed cost that we can’t get down below. I mean if we think there’s a 5% drop, we’ll get 5% of the cost down.Gautam Khanna – Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you, I appreciate it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Good afternoon.Kevin Ciabattoni – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered. I realize you’re probably somewhat limited in what you can say on this, but looking at the Goodrich acquisition, you guys are rightfully pretty cautious on defense looking out to next year. I’m just wondering what was given the defense exposure within that business, what was kind of so compelling about that acquisition, given the defense and biz jet exposure there.
W. Nicholas Howley: I’ll tell you again, we don’t own it yet. We are not cleared through the regulatory process. We have a confidentiality agreement. We’ve got what we’ve told you already, we have an agreement with the other party that we can say, and that’s about all we can say.Kevin Ciabattoni – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Okay, that’s all I have.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, you mean next year?Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: No, no this quarter versus last quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: We gave you the assumptions. If you have another judgment on it clearly you can make it, you’ll get a different number.Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Acquisitions, if you could help, if I look…
W. Nicholas Howley: The only thing I would remind you to be careful at, and I’ll just back up, if you remember in the beginning of last year we used 10% aftermarket guidance and frankly got a fair amount of comments that that was way too low. The reality is we and everybody else were lucky to crawl over to finish anywhere near that number.Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: Do we have about a quarter and a half that we should assume for AmSafe in 2013 just using the sort of acquisitions plug, if you will, as we… 
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say these are very rough kind of directional numbers, roughly the defense business isn’t substantively differed in total in the commercial business, maybe a little less but not a lot less, but I would say the mix is a little different, commercial or defense OEMs probably a little better than commercial and the after-market is not quite as good.J. B. Groh – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay.
Gregory Rufus: Well going forward, it will be less than that because the 500, we just raised, the coupon rate on the high yield was…
Gregory Rufus: Yeah, they are asking all the time, not Airbus but the Boeing is a, Airbus is not, but Boeing is consistently pecking at it.Ross D Cowley – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, perfect, thank you.
Gregory Rufus: But we can see, we cannot see six months out in the aftermarket, in the commercial aftermarket.Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Can you…
Gregory Rufus: And then by see I presume you mean, you got the bookings in your hand.Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, I mean well…
Gregory Rufus: Yeah.Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs & Co.: I think if you look at our first quarter revenues in prior years against the total, I think you’ll see the first quarter tends to run, I want to say it tends to run something like 21.5%, 22% of the year and that’s what we were, if you would go back and do the math, I was trying to point you back to the math without doing it so. And so it’s something like that maybe minus if we get a little slippage from this Hurricane Sandy delays which won’t be a big number, but could be something.
Gregory Rufus: We’re assuming – well maybe we have a little difference there, but 1,140 is what we’re assuming. I mean I don’t, as I kind of can’t go down and tell you airframe by airframe, which one you may have and we don’t.Myles Walton – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Gregory Rufus: You can think of us, as Myles you can think of us as being pretty well spread across the platforms.Myles Walton – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. 
Gregory Rufus: So if you think that’s 5%, well, then maybe the answer is 5%, wellMyles Walton – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I was just curious if there’s anywhere…
Gregory Rufus: Well, the low assumption probably is mostly maybe in 2014 and so how much you’re going to level out in 2014 and how much is that going to reflect back on to 2013, that’s probably the biggest.
Gregory Rufus: If you think it continues to rise through 2014, you’ll get a better number and we may well be conservative on that, but our view in unsettled times is better to be conservative and size your business accordingly. I would say on the 787 not so much mostly because there is a fairly significant overhang there in inventory, which we see everybody I think there is a number of people reporting that, that’s reflective of the fact that the development process took way longer than anybody expected and each time they taught it was concluded they gunned up the ordering motor and then took the foot off and gunned it up again, and took the foot off and you ended up with stuff all over the place. There is also, remember, there these one-time 787 settlements in last year’s number that we quantified through the year.Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Gregory Rufus: So those you can get a beat on probably, you can figure out what those settlements were.Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: Right.
Gregory Rufus: No, as I said, this does not include any substantive dislocation from sequestration. So if they ended up in some settlement that didn’t impact the stuff that they buy from us, it has little impact. If there is some significant cut that impacts the things they do buy from us. It will have an impact, but our assumption is I think the words we used I’m not looking at exactly were no significant disruption from sequestration.
Gregory Rufus: That will all be in the first quarter.J. B. Groh – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Right, okay, good. Okay, thank you.
