Nick Howley: Yes. I can't – I mean, you know, guys, I know all – I hear all the announcements on potential production cuts or up or down as you guys do; so I know nothing unique there. I would say it's more of a general concern. You know, we have an expansion that's been going on now for 11 years or something like that. It's generally forecast to run another three years, four years, pick the person, that's getting up in the 14-year, 15-year range, that's started to look awful long in the tooth to me. I can't give you a specific. I understand the backlogs in place still look pretty good, but that's starting to look pretty long to me and something that bears watching and when I combine that with the fact that you see a lot of noise in press releases now around the worldwide economy and the U.S. economy softening a bit. The combination of those two things concerns me. It's not any specific insight different than any you have. We are roughly market weighted on the airplane. So there is no one airplane that's going to drastically knock us out of – that's going to significantly change our numbers versus others.
Nick Howley: Yes, I don't know. On the engine, guys, I frankly don't know how to correlate that. I'm sure all of you watch them too. It seems to me, they swing up and down all over the place. They go up fast and down fast and I don't know how to correlate them with us. We tend to correlate ourselves more with the – with the more componenty kind of people, you know, that you see, UTAS and Honeywell and people like that. I think we're probably running a little ahead of those kind of businesses. I'd say in the marketplace, it still seems to me, as though they should be ordering more, or taking more. And that's why I've said, I think there is some upside in next year's number. But when you see the numbers and you see the discussion in the economy and the numbers other people are turning in and talking about it, it gives you some concern about being overly bullish.
Nick Howley: Yes, well, first, we don't give quarterly guidance. I think you just have to look at the guidance we gave for the year. The specific things that moved it up are the parachute business, as we said, the international orders and those still look pretty strong. The Airbus 400 have a fair amount of a lot of activity, a lot of it being sort of catch-up for backed up stuff. That I think doesn't – you don't get a lot of growth off of that, just because it spiked up pretty well. The C-130, which we caught up a fair amount due to inventory drawdown at Lockheed and AeroControlex, I think that's kind of at rate, but I don't think the C-130 – the rates aren't going up on the C-130. I think you probably saw the catch-up you see there. And the combination of all those is why we're – we're not expecting another, whatever, at 9% to 12% growth next year. Now, I will admit, the defense business, it's an uncertain world out there. It could move down. I think it could move up too.
Nick Howley: I think the chances of the OEM portion of the business, which is less than the majority of the business moving dramatically from what we expect is small. Where you can get the movement is if operating tempo picks up, they start buying more spares and repairs.
Nick Howley: As you know, our credit agreement allows us to go up to 7.25% net. I think it might be tough in today's environment to get up to 7.25% net. I'm not sure we couldn't do it, the question is, whether we want to do it with the price movement it would take. We are thinking more like sort of 7%-s around our limit rather than 7.25%. Which I don't... (43:23)
Nick Howley: Yes, and well, probably a little bit; it's hard to get an exact beat on that until you go out and try and raise it, but probably a little lower.
Nick Howley: We gave you the number. I don't follow you, David. The number is not clear or when you add acquisitions...
Nick Howley: David, I just don't know, but I suspect we may be calculating organic different than you're calculating. But it's hard for me to answer that without seeing the calculation, but I think, Liza, we'd be glad to look at it.
Nick Howley: Yes, I mean, it always is a – you're going to get a reasonable slug of it out of acquisitions, because they're new and you've got them for a full year. We don't break that number out, mostly because we don't want to go make judgments on allocations of overhead and things like that on it. But the new ones are a pretty good contributor. The existing businesses, you're not going to get the kind of margin movement you see in a new one.
Nick Howley: I think, you're just trying to calibrate them. Miles, when we say it's over 50%, there is a definition of what we mean by that.
Nick Howley: We mean, what we call operating, which is EBITDA minus cash interest minus cash tax minus CapEx, right.
Nick Howley: But I think as far as looking at the basic business model, what we define as working capital is receivables and inventory minus accounts payable, that's what we track. That number runs 27%-ish, 26% to 28%, and it doesn't change much, and any change you see in there from year-to-year is just a random perturbation. You can use that number and feel pretty comfortable that it's a pretty good predictor, that kind of range. As percent of revenue, I'm talking about.
Nick Howley: Well, first, I have no specific way to exactly put my finger on what the inventory is that all the airlines have. I would say they seem to be buying less than they should be consuming and I don't think we are alone in saying that. I think there is some probability or if not possibility, that there were overbuys before that that are being drawn down, and I think there is some possibility that they're getting a little better on inventory management. All those combined with the fact that some economic concern is what has us a little softer. But you know, you take our guidance for aftermarket, take off the price and you can make whatever estimate you want on that, you guys probably won't be too far off. You'll see, we're still pretty modest in our assumptions on the real growth, the unit growth, it probably still doesn't track airline activity.
Nick Howley: I don't think I can realistically make that argument. If I look quarter-by-quarter, it's spotty across the businesses that are discretionary and non-discretionary. The vast majority of our businesses are not discretionary stuff. You just need them when you run the hours and I can't say there is a marked difference in the more discretionary things.
Nick Howley: Nothing that I feel comfortable enough to talk about, Carter. I don't see any particular conclusion I can draw other than the normal; people are flying more and buying more. But I can't say I see any dislocation in one place different than another at least on the data we have.
Nick Howley: Yes, yes, yes, and the logic there is as I think I told you we're a little concerned about the length of the cycle and in fact anything that happens in 2017 will start to ripple back into 2016. As you know quite quickly and the overall economic news across the whole economy doesn't look great to us. And you combine that with the fact that there isn't quite as much development activity as there was three years ago or four years ago. Our view also, Carter, as you know, is to get out ahead of that stuff. We're not ready to make a sort of a definitive statement or an adjustment as we did back then, but we'll keep watching that very closely and we quickly will, if our view changes.
Nick Howley: Impacted by – yes. We primarily are making adjustments in the non-hourly, though we're adjusting some of the hourly. The bigger adjustments are in the non-hourly, and the reason for that is, we've still got the backlog. So I mean we're still cranking stuff out, just like the production rates are cranking out. But that almost naturally take care of itself, if the backlog starts to soften at all. Where you have to get proactive is in all the overhead structure. And we're sort of getting a little ahead of that.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yes, then historically, we've always increased the margins on these existing businesses, and we'll continue to do that on these acquired businesses. So we expect it to move on.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yes, I think what we said was almost $1.5 billion, and I think with what we're expecting midpoint on EBITDA and our cash conversion rate of that EBITDA, that puts you in the right range of what you're mentioning.
Terrance M. Paradie: I guess it depends how you define free cash flow. We define free cash flow as operating cash minus CapEx. And the way we look at the business is we really look at EBITDA conversion after paying cash taxes, interest, and working capital and that we see that's always over 50% and that's what we target.
Terrance M. Paradie: So, I think and believe it did pay out. I think the number, we look at free cash flow of $521 million, back off $55 million, we're – or, excuse me, our EBITDA of $1.2 billion, converted after interest and cash tax and CapEx, were almost 53% conversion.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yes, but again, as I mentioned, we look at it as, take your EBITDA, back off cash interest and cash tax. The other piece of it is working capital, that you're factoring in your free cash and you can see from a working capital, we've made some investments this year.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yes. You heard Kevin talk about, as we move to integrating some of these new businesses, and growing our businesses, we built some working capital in the inventory area this year and that's what you're seeing.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yes, we don't predict what the discretes will be. That is our estimate for our full year effective tax rate. So the 31% is that number. And it's down from 33%, where we started last year, because of the Telair acquisition structure we put in place.
Terrance M. Paradie: No, I don't believe there's anything going on in the base business. It's really driven by acquisitions. If we look at our DSOs, they're very consistent year-over-year as well as from an inventory turn, the same thing. The acquisitions as well as we are building up a little bit of safety stock...
Terrance M. Paradie: I think that's, we'll see how that all plays out. I think one thing we have to recognize is that we really are focusing on EBITDA and we are willing to give up a little bit of working capital to generate further EBITDA. So that's really our strategy.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yes, I think it's in the slides, David. I think if you looked at slide nine, you will see that the biggest component there is the non-cash stock comp of about $0.64 and then acquisition related expenses of $0.44 that makes up $1.13.
Myles Alexander Walton: Yes. So, to back up, for 2015, so, you target 50% conversion of adjusted EBITDA to operating cash flow, it didn't play out in 2015. Was it simply cash taxes in the flow of those in the course...
Myles Alexander Walton: Okay, got it. Because in prior years, the working capital actually has not been a source, it's been more of a – excuse me, not been a use, it has been more of a source, so, I guess that's the differential this year.
Myles Alexander Walton: Got it. And the only other one that I had was, the 31% as a starting point for tax, is that a good ongoing rate beyond 2016, is there anything one-off in 2016 that's helping drive down...
