Michael Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on some additional financial matters for the quarter and also our expectations for the full fiscal year. First, in regard to profitability for our third quarter. EBITDA as defined of about $696 million for Q3 was up 25% versus prior year Q3. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was 49.8%. This represents year-over-year improvement of about 390 basis points. Sequentially, EBITDA as defined margin, increased by 210 basis points. Next, a few quick comments on select financial metrics for the quarter and also year. Organic growth was 17% for the quarter, driven by the growth in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On taxes, we still expect our GAAP and cash rates to be in the 21% to 23% range and our adjusted tax rate to be in the 24% to 26% range for the year. Moving to cash and liquidity. We had another quarter of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as EBITDA as defined less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes, was roughly $400 million. For the full fiscal year, we now expect to generate free cash flow in excess of the $1 billion target previously provided. During the quarter, we used $245 million of cash to repurchase shares at a weighted average purchase price of about $554 per share and ended the quarter with $3.8 billion of cash on hand. We view these share repurchases just like any other capital investment, such as the acquisition of a new business, and expect a similar rate of return. With regard to the dividend, the $18.15 per share payment announced this morning represents a gross payout amount of about $1.070 billion. The record date for the dividend is August 19, and the payout date is expected to be August 26. Additionally, in the 10-Q that is filed later today, you'll see that our strong sales growth resulted in net working capital being a $119 million use of cash this quarter. As mentioned previously, we have the cash to fund this investment and are glad to see our primary commercial end markets rebounding and therefore driving this need. As we continue to recover from COVID's impact on air travel and rebound to 2019 global activity levels, we'd expect an additional $100 million to $175 million of cash to go back into net working capital. The time line over which this will happen remains uncertain but should generally track the recovery. Moving on to leverage levels. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is currently at 6.3x. Pro forma for the dividend, our leverage level will be just over 6.7x net debt-to-EBITDA. We expect to continue running free cash flow-positive during our fourth quarter, and this ratio will therefore come down from the 6.7x level by the end of the fiscal year, barring any additional capital market transactions or shareholder distributions. We are watching the rising interest rate environment closely, and we remain 85% hedged on our total $20 billion gross debt balance through a combination of interest rate caps and swaps through calendar year 2025. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates for the time being. Finally, as Kevin mentioned, we are pleased to have allocated $2.4 billion of capital thus far this year across the range of options available to us: acquisitions, buybacks and dividends. Consistent with our past practices, we'll continue to evaluate this full range of options with regard to all of our future capital deployment actions. The priorities are unchanged: first, reinvesting in our own businesses; second, acquisitions; third, returning capital to shareholders via dividends or share repurchases; and finally, paying down debt, which seems unlikely at this time but remains an option. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we believe we remain in a strong and good position going forward. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Michael Lisman: I'm not sure exactly what you mean by margin seasonality, Noah, but I think you know from the past, there's a quarterly step-up as you go from Q1 through Q4.
Michael Lisman: But there were no -- to go back to one of your original questions, Noah, there were no unusual accounting items or anything else during the quarter. And with regard to where we go from here, I think we'll give the FY '23 guidance on the November call. And -- but at this point, we don't want to comment on where we could go from here from a margin standpoint until we do that.
Michael Lisman: Well, the priorities are unchanged, as we mentioned in the comments, just in terms of what we'd like to spend our capital on with acquisitions coming ahead of dividends and share repurchases. So that's the same as it has always been. On the dividend, we do have a restricted payments basket cap in our credit agreement that I think you guys are familiar with. So that did play into our thinking on the size there. But we should nicely continue to tick down here over the course of the fourth quarter, and we'll end the year down closer to where we ended this quarter. So we'll have more than enough buyer power to go do M&A deals, and if things don't materialize there, pay dividends or repurchase shares, we continuously evaluate all those options every month, every quarter just to decide what the best use of capital is for us.
Michael Lisman: I think it's hard to say where margins go from here just given the uncertainty in the market and the way the mix plays out going forward on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So we're hesitant to give any guidance on where we go going forward in this environment. And I think we'll give just some more in terms of expectations there for our next fiscal year on the November call when we give the formal guidance.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think you're -- that's directionally accurate. I don't really have a prediction. It depends on flight activity. We continue to follow that closely and think that takeoffs and landings are the best indicator for aftermarket activity.
Kevin Stein: I think we're going to -- we're benefiting tremendously from the mix right now. We have an aftermarket that is expanding. And right now, OEM is well behind where we would expect it to be or where it was. So there's going to be a mix blend that has to come back. So we'll have to see how the OEMs come up the curve in terms of their build rates. Right now, as Jorge alluded to, we're still seeing limitations in OEM build rate request for product, even though the order book is building.
Kevin Stein: Yes. Q1 is always a poor quarter, generally speaking, for us. End of year, OEMs focused on inventory and the like. It's always one of our weakest quarters is Q1.
Kevin Stein: Yes. This is the biggest question. As we pay a dividend, sometimes people will then reflect that the pipeline may not be full. We believe we have enough cash and access to cash as we look forward that we can handle the acquisition pipeline that we see coming at us. I always comment on this that it's difficult to predict when things will close. I know the team is very busy. We're looking at a lot of businesses. The unfortunate piece is sometimes in our very disciplined acquisition approach, things fall out. And we're not interested in taking flyers on not great companies. So we take our time. We're very disciplined and structured in our approach.
Kevin Stein: I think we always focus on productivity in this business. We have historically focused on it. It's reasonable to expect that with years of productivity under our belt since the OEMs were shipping at high volume that we'd be able to do some things better than we could before. But this is always part of our ongoing productivity ramp as we try to overcome the, as you realize, dramatic inflationary pressures that we're seeing really across the board. Whether it's labor or materials, there's a lot of inflation pressure on the business. We have a model that allows us and helps us pass along those inflationary pressures, but productivity is something that we're always laser-focused on. And I believe we will be in a slightly better position, but it is hard to quantify that, and you have to offset that against the inflationary pressures that we're seeing.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We can still make things work. I think some of the prices have come under pressure recently as there's been some corrections. But I think we can still make it work in our LBO model that we run through. Our goal is -- we're not focused on certain products. As long as it sits in the aerospace world, is proprietary and has aftermarket, we will find a way to drive the returns we look for, and those are the types of businesses we continue to stay very disciplined in our approach to find.
Kevin Stein: There's a little bit of impact. Let me -- before you move on, there's a little bit of impact to both. In our minds, the -- we're not a bellwether of the defense industry. We follow what everyone else sees. And we're seeing a larger slowdown in defense outlays and a slowdown in the defense industry. That's -- we just react to what we see. It's not necessarily a bookings problem. It's when are things due and when do they want product.
Kevin Stein: I don't think it's a major driver because we find ways to work around it. But -- so I'm not necessarily seeing it as a drag on our business. I see it as a drag on the defense industry as a whole, and that's slowing down. So it's hard for me to put a quantum on that.
Kevin Stein: And we -- yes, we don't care if it's narrow-body or wide-body. We are profitable with both segments.
Kevin Stein: Well, we're still active in M&A. It's certainly something that we're cognizant of. And I tend not to speculate on things that haven't impacted us or provide that kind of color. It is something that we're cognizant of. We're watching it closely. And that's probably all I can say on it. It hasn't derailed our activity.
Kevin Stein: Yes. Guidance comes on when we review next call, as Mike said. But let's keep in mind that there is a favorable mix environment that we're experiencing right now. And until OEM shipments come back, you'll see some balancing higher margins that will come back the other way when OEMs ship more. We just have to know that that's going to happen.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We're nicely exposed to international defense as well. I think, yes, some of this business you might expect would come our way at some point, but it's difficult to predict or understand. I think we all have to recognize that some of this production will happen locally in -- or within the European Union possibly. We do have production there, so we will be part of it. But we should all keep that in mind that some of this may be domestic consumption as well as international orders. But we would expect that this is a favorable environment for TransDigm as we look forward. The degree of favorability, well, we'll have to see. I think there's also concern whether some of this additional spending maybe loses steam if social issues overcome the military desires right now. Again, we'll have to see how this all unpacks in the future.
Kevin Stein: I'll comment on CapEx. I think there's always opportunity for internal investment in our businesses, and we're constantly looking for those. We are looking at some select -- additional investment in some of our businesses. But again, these things all pay back. We have the same payback standards as before. So maybe there'll be some selectively, but I don't see any major trend of additional spending.
Kevin Stein: I think one area that we are doing some selective investment is solar at some of our facilities help with our greenhouse gas footprint. So we are looking for investments of that nature as well. And that's something that we are spending a little more money on as those opportunities now have a reasonable payback across our businesses.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I'll take that one. I don't have the exact numbers to pre-pandemic levels accounting for the acquisitions. I'd say we've held on to the bulk of the restructuring that we did as a result of the COVID crisis, and the teams have done a nice job managing the resources.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. Working backwards, I concur with Kevin. There were no unique onetime items this last quarter that drove any of the performance. As I mentioned, we're seeing strong performance in our passenger submarket, but I would say all of our aftermarket submarkets are seeing pretty good strength. So we're seeing continued recovery. It's, as I mentioned, the domestic markets in the U.S. and Europe. And then the international has been a little bit slower, but we are seeing some recoveries there.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think our pricing philosophy remains unchanged. We look to get some level of real price increase above inflation. And the teams are doing a good job trying to pass on some of the inflationary costs that we're seeing.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I mean we've seen it more towards the entry-level labor pool, where we've seen regional increases. So we've seen anywhere probably between 5% and 7%. But that might be a little bit of a lagging indicator, right? The inflationary pressures continue in the current job market, a little bit on the technical side as well, probably higher than the entry-level labor side. But again, the teams -- as Kevin mentioned, productivity is near and dear to our hearts. So they continue to find opportunities to do their best to offset those increases.
Jorge Valladares: No. So far, the teams have been able to support the resource needs. There's some timing hiring takes a little bit longer. But we're not seeing any significant or material impacts due to labor issues.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think the -- I'll take that one. I think the situation is somewhat stable, but still challenged. So that's probably going to continue for the foreseeable future, primarily on those electronic components, the issues with semiconductors, et cetera. But the teams are doing good jobs trying to mitigate those issues.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think as you know, we don't track the aftermarket specific by region. I think, generally, we're seeing what some of the larger macro-level trends with the U.S. and Europe, domestic travel being stronger and international travel showing a little bit of recovery. Obviously, Asia seems to be the laggard right now in terms of international travel. But we don't track specific regional activity.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think -- and the only thing I'd add is we're seeing some good performance on the larger cabins. There's obviously increased demand for the larger cabin aircraft.
Jorge Valladares: I think, generally, we're market-weighted based on the fleet between narrow-body and wide-body. You might have some noise on any particular operating unit. But generally, we seem to be market-weighted between the 2.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I mean, I think our teams are always looking for good new business opportunities and opportunities to improve their portfolio and products. I think the teams are very engaged with our airline customers as well as the OEs. They've done a nice job navigating the current supply chain issues. And hopefully, we'll get some opportunities. But I think that's part of our standard focus on new business and profitable new business.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think the defense aftermarket is hanging in there a little bit better than the defense OEMs. And some of that could just be timing of the outlays, as we noted. In terms of the electronic components, I think it's fair to look across the portfolio and those businesses that are more electronics-based naturally are seeing more of that impact.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I don't think we're in a position to comment on the FY '23 guidance or any specific comparisons, as Mike and Kevin have mentioned. I think the supply chain continues to be strained. We don't see this going away anytime soon or overnight.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think, in general, the operating units come to us with different ideas, and they've been very focused in automation over the last 2 to 3 years. But we don't expect any significant shift in the overall CapEx that we've traditionally run at. In terms of capacity, we're looking to leverage some of the restructuring activities that we did over the past couple of years and the process improvements to support additional demand. But that's something that each team looks at individually and something that we're constantly talking about in this environment.
