Raymond F. Laubenthal: Thanks, Nick. We had a busy second quarter and a good first half. We continued our consistent disciplined approach to value creation with our recent acquisition in our existing businesses. We started the quarter with a sprint by AmSafe. This was a good example of how we can move quickly. In December, we became aware of the potential sale of AmSafe. We immediately attended the management meeting and assembled a due diligence team. And in a short period, we visited their major operating sites in Phoenix, Elkhart, Anaheim, Erie, Bridport in the U.K., Kunshan in China and Sri Lanka. We conducted due diligence on their major customers and determined the strength of their proprietary products. The resulting data from our due diligence confirmed our originally assessment that AmSafe was a good fit with TransDigm and on February 15, we closed the deal. Again, this was a good example of our consistent acquisition strategy and of how we can move quickly and efficiently when a potential acquisition meets our stringent criteria. Once we took ownership of AmSafe, we immediately launched our disciplined value-equation process. To date, in less than 90 days, we've restructured the AmSafe spares pricing, initiated several plant consolidation and tightened up the cost structure with significant headcount reduction. We're now working to organize this business into our proven product line operational structure. Overall, the transition activities are progressing well. On our other recent acquisitions, Schneller and Harco, they're also progressing well. Schneller's Kent, Ohio building expansion is well underway, and we're on track to close their Florida facility and consolidate it with the Kent operations next quarter. We have installed a new President at Schneller, and we have moved our experienced Sales and Marketing Director from our Avtech Tyee Group to be the Director of Sales and Marketing at Schneller. At both Schneller and Harco, the pricing has been restructured and cost reductions have been implemented. In addition to these actions, we've reorganized these 2 businesses into our product line structure. Each product line has a Product Line Manager responsible for the product line P&L along with the underlying pricing, new business generation and productivity improvement. Now I'd like to switch gears and talk about our senior management team. These acquisitions resulted in a significant number of management promotions. Our continual emphasis on succession planning and talent development paid off well for us. We were able to populate most of the key management positions with internal candidates. These proven candidates are steeped in our value-focused culture and value-creation processes. In Q1, we promoted Jim Skulina to Executive VP. Jim has been with us since 1994, performing well in a broad range of assignments ranging from Division Controller, Director of Manufacturing, Corporate Controller and President of Aero Fluid Products. Jim has led numerous acquisition consolidation and has fostered significant value creation during all of his assignments with TransDigm. In his current EVP role, Jim will have oversight of a number of our existing businesses. In the second quarter after our acquisition of AmSafe, we promoted Pete Palmer to Executive Vice President. Pete started with TransDigm in 1999 as a Product Line Manager at our AdelWiggins unit. He then became the Director of Sales and Marketing there. He later moved to our corporate offices as Director of Mergers and Acquisitions. After we purchased CDA, Pete became the Operating Unit President there. He then moved on to become president of our CEF unit. And he has spent the last few years as President of our AdelWiggins unit. In his current Executive Vice President role, Pete will have a number of operating units reporting to him. To replace Jim and Pete, we promoted 2 internal candidates to fill in as President at Aero Fluid Products and then at AdelWiggins. Both of these new Presidents held a variety of managerial positions creating value at TransDigm, and their replacements were also promoted from internal positions are Product Line Manager and Manufacturing Manager. We believe the availability of promotable internal talent and our consistent succession development process effectively complements our disciplined value-creation methods and is a key to our ability to regularly acquire and integrate new businesses. Now let me hand it over to Greg Rufus, our CFO, who will review our second quarter financial results in more detail.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Yes, I can speak to that. Yes, and integration activity was -- this is Ray Laubenthal. The big moves there were to combine our Avtech facility and the Tyee facility, and the Electromech business with McKechnie had multiple units that were being shut down and moved to Mexico. And both of those physical moves have occurred. A lot of activity combining plants, moving plants and so forth. But after you put 2 plants together, there's a settling out period and so forth. And we expect -- and those businesses are settling out as we expect. The temps that we hired to help with the moves and so forth are let go. But the new people hired at the new locations got to come up the learning curve. So the physical pieces, I think that's gone a little bit better than we expected, but that's gone well and that's done for the most part. With the other value creation, the pricing and so forth, we follow the same playbook as we do with every acquisition we buy, and that has moved along as we expected in the commercial aftermarket. And as the OEM LTA contracts expire, we'll work on those as those come up, and there's a few of those to expire in the coming years.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Yes, I think it is working against us this quarter, which is another way of saying the 50% EBITDA -- or for the quarter, excuse, I talked about year-to-date sorry.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, and it's probably up a little. I just -- I don't have the number in my head, Julie. This is Nick Howley. But the Commercial OEM's up a little bit. Defense is up a little bit, and commercial aftermarket is about the same. So a little bit.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes, first, Carter, I don't think we're the only one it's surprising. If you look across the product lines, it's fairly broadly doing better. I would say in specifics, a couple of things that do jump out is the helicopters are continuing to do better. That's helicopter maintenance, spare parts, all that -- upgrades, all that sort of thing. And we saw a couple of decent F-35 shipments here too in this quarter. Those are probably the 2 things that might stick out other than just generally it's not dropping as much as we thought.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I can't talk anything specific, of course. Let me take your questions in the order you asked them, Carter. I -- we do the tax change pitch all the time for people. We'll see to try to get them to sell. I honestly can say we haven't got a lot of biting on that. People listen, but they don't seem to move much on it. We had the same thing in 2010, so I can't take much comfort in that. I would say on the deals we are seeing, I would say the type of things we're seeing right now are typically the smaller type of things that we traditionally saw. That being said, as you know, particularly bigger things can just pop up on you quickly. I mean we're tracking them, but we don't know of anything right now that's popping up.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we really don't disclose that. But what I wanted to do is that I wanted to give you that number so you can get a pretty good sense. McKechnie is a decent-sized business, and the base businesses were somewhere around 50% before we bought it. So you can do the math and see it's got to be doing pretty well, right? Or you couldn't -- McKechnie is in the 50%, 51%.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, let me deal with -- on the EBIT, Greg, you can address. I think we -- on the tax, we gave you an indication of how much tax benefit we get in this 7.5-month period. On the move in the margin, it's the normal stuff. We own the business, and we start to give in, and we start to -- we brought the cost down, we've adjusted the cost structure already, we're starting some consolidations of some plants, we're adjusting the pricing. It's the whole range of things that we do when we buy a business. And it's starting to kick in.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, if we -- as I've said before, that doesn't fit with us particularly. It's just a question of whether we think we can get a price that makes sense to us. And we're sort of going through the process now of trying to sort that out.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I think I'd have to say we feel about the same. We reconfirmed the same numbers on our guidance. On the downside, we get some anecdotal evidence, as I said, of some inventory adjustments and frankly, some more kind of hammering in from the European airlines. That's on the downside. On the upside, as I said, the bookings for the quarter were pretty good. So we sort of look at the 2 of them and parse them out, and we don't have a crystal ball and say that feels about the same to us.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we don't -- I'm not going to get -- just frankly, I'm not going to get back into that. I'm not going to get back into figuring out the price from the real volume.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, let me say I don't know. There's none hanging fire that I know of that will drop in the second half. That being said, we get a lot of LTAs around the ranch, and there's frequently some kind of disputes going on. But I don't know of any right now that I expect to drop in the second half. I would say, as I pointed out, we had this Eaton litigation resolution. It's in our favor with a, not a huge, but a decent award in our favor. There's enough kind of a smoke around that, that we don't -- we're not going to book it yet, but that could clear out in the second half of the year. The smoke could clear, and we could have a positive booking.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I don't -- let me just look at the last quarter. I don't remember what the last quarter numbers were, but I think that sounds about right. I just don't remember.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I mean the bookings -- as I said, the booking in the second quarter were good. So we're up. We ran ahead of the shipments. We ran ahead of the previous quarter, and we're up above our shipping level on a year-to-date basis. I don't know that I can -- or I mean, excuse me, let me restate that. I can't attribute that to any one thing, but it makes us feel better rather than worse. I would say that to draw much conclusion off a quarter of bookings, it's hard to draw a lot off of that. But it's better to be up than down.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, I can't say there was. We have a lot of different products, and I can't say -- I can't tell you that I could focus it in on fuel systems or interiors or anything like that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, what they are, what both of them are, there's a bunch of details that doesn't make all that much difference. Essentially, they are settlements of scope differences on the 787 contracts.
W. Nicholas Howley: Each one has some different wrinkles in the exact details. But at the end of the day, their economic impacts have changes in scope as we run through the development process.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, they're independent, by the way. It's not the same contract. They're independent product lines.
W. Nicholas Howley: So I don't know what the -- this is Nick. We're conversing with the EBITDA margins, and I think we're about there.
W. Nicholas Howley: On the other ones, I would say I -- we'll give a forecast for next year out when we give it, but I would expect the margins would start to move back up.
W. Nicholas Howley: We don't -- yes, they're -- all of them are different. We model them over 3 to 5 years. Frequently, we can exceed that.
W. Nicholas Howley: We can't quantify that exactly. What we can make -- as I've told you before, it's unusual for a mix shift period-to-period to move it more than a point or 2.
W. Nicholas Howley: Just the normal stuff. The normal -- we work on the price, we work on the cost every quarter and every year. But there's nothing unusual on that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me also add there, Myles, the other -- the thing I was trying to do was to show you if we throw McKechnie into the base, the base is now back at or above where it was before we bought it.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would not. There's some portions of the business that down drag a little, too. That's why I think I said I don't know that this business gets to the average.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I get your point, but I think we think about these on a 3- to 5-year basis when we sort of give you a sense of what we can do when we buy them, and I think about it the same way and hopefully, you'll be conservative.
W. Nicholas Howley: When we give our guidance out because -- we'll give you a clearer picture because the amortization I gave you or I gave David, I know it does include like backlog amortization and stuff, which is at a more rapid rate. And I just don't have what after the rapid amortization what the run rate is right now. That will come when we do our guidance for next year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, let me -- a couple of things. One, we have no provisioning in there. As you know, that's -- we could get some provisioning, and I hope we do. But someday we'll get it, but we have none in the second half. So that -- so I just take issue with that. We're just -- we're not going to back into the pricing this way. So I'm not going to comment on what the real volume is. But I will say I'll just remind you again, the 25% year-over-year growth the year before was, in our judgment, not a sustainable number. So at some point, you're going to give some of that back.
W. Nicholas Howley: Other than just general economic concern, I don't know of anything systematic. The positive is the bookings picked up. Now again, I don't want to over play that, but surely that's a better fact than if they went the other direction.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I mean the same story on biz jets that everybody sees. The top of the market is doing better than the bottom of the market. That's the Gulfstream, big Canada air kind of stuff.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, that was offset by a counterclaim, so it's more in the $7 million, $7.5 million range. As I said to start off, there's a couple things there. The big issue there was intellectual property, and we've prevailed completely on that and have all our intellectual property back with an order. The dollar claim, that's going to jostle around. We got some more ongoing prejudgment interest claims. There's an argument about the fees, how much of the back fees do they owe us. And on the other hand, they may appeal some of it. So I don't exactly know where that sorts out.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, yes. They're a current customer. They're not in our top 10. I mean, they're a good customer, but they're not one of our big customers.
Gregory Rufus: Yes, we have the second half when you look at it on this basis excluding some of the acquisitions of being more in the high teens...
Gregory Rufus: Well, the interest in depreciation and amortization combined, Julie, was $0.26 per share. I don't have the absolute number in front of me right now.
Gregory Rufus: Well frankly, we don't even add up. There's no such thing as a McKechnie. We don't even add that total up, David. I mean, we've incorporated corporate into our corporate headquarters. We have 3 units, and we don't get any management benefits for it, but we know -- it's moving up, and that was Nick's point that it was doing good.
Gregory Rufus: David, in our guidance, and I don't know if this will help your confuse you, but total depreciation and amortization for AmSafe on an annualized basis will be just a little over $15 million now that we've settled through everything. I don't know if this -- that helps you or not.
Gregory Rufus: Given the operation, it's rare for one event to move margins 1 point. It's just usually going with the tide of everything going on.
Gregory Rufus: Keep going the prior year, year on year. We're just bridging the current year, within it. We don't...
Gregory Rufus: And what we tried to do is give you color for this year because with all the acquisitions, I mean, you could imagine all the puts and takes that go on. So we were just trying to give you color on the current year margin at EBITDA and I wanted to give you a little color on gross profit because we dilute a little more in SG&A with the acquisitions.
Gregory Rufus: The $6 million, you could do the math on that. That's only about 0.5 margin point there. Given that the aftermarket OEM mix in the quarter was between what 1% and 2%, it was in that range.
Gregory Rufus: No, one, we own another business that we didn't have before, and the other is we tend to be a little conservative on it.
Gregory Rufus: No. And as Nick said, I mean, these are the 2 we know about and we don't see anything in the horizon to put in the guidance for the second half.
