Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray. As disclosed in this morning's press release and just discussed by Nick, our first quarter sales were $529 million and 23% greater than the prior year. Our organic sales were 9% higher than last year, and the growth in commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and defense were all positive. Our first quarter gross margin was $284 million, an increase of 19% over the prior year. The reported gross profit margin of 53.7% was 1.7 margin points less than the prior year. The dilutive operational impact from acquisitions was a little over 2 margin points. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins in the remaining businesses versus the prior year quarter improved approximately 0.5 margin point. Selling and administrative expenses were 10.8% of sales for the current quarter compared to 12.8% for the prior year. The 2 percentage point decrease was primarily due to lower SG&A spending as a percent of sales relative to our sales growth and lower noncash stock comp expense versus the prior year Q1. If you recall, we accelerated this expense in quarter 3 last year, which had the impact of lowering this year's expense. Interest expense was $81 million, an increase of approximately $18 million versus the prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $5.7 billion in the current quarter versus $4.2 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to the amount borrowed to distribute $1.8 billion of special dividends last year. Our weighted average cash interest rate has decreased to 5.4% compared to 5.6% in the prior year due to the lower interest rates on the new debt. Our effective tax rate was 33.6% in the current quarter compared to 32.6% in the prior year. We still expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be around 34% and our cash taxes to be about -- approximately $190 million. Our net income for the quarter increased $12 million or 16% to $86 million, which is 16% of sales. This compares to net income of $74 million in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the growth in net sales, partially offset by higher interest expense. As I've discussed in the past, our earnings per share is calculated under the 2-class method versus the more commonly used treasury method. We are required to use this method because of our dividend equivalent program. As you can see on Tables 1 and 3 in this morning's press release, our GAAP EPS was $1.44 per share in the current quarter compared to just $0.66 per share last year. The prior year quarter was significantly impacted by the dividend equivalent payment of $38 million or $0.70 per share compared to the $0.07 per share this period. The higher dividend equivalent payment was associated with the $700 million or $12.85 per share dividend paid in November of fiscal '13. Our adjusted EPS was $1.66 per share, an increase of 10% compared to $1.51 per share last year. The 10% increase is lower than our 16% increase of adjusted net income due to the higher weighted average shares in the current period, resulting from the accelerated stock option vesting mentioned earlier. Again, please reference Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP and adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. After the purchase of Airborne, we ended the quarter with $411 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's net debt leverage ratio was 5.4x our pro forma EBITDA as defined. We now expect to end the year with approximately $750 million of cash on the balance sheet assuming no other acquisition activity or changes in our capital structure. We expect our net debt leverage ratio to be approximately 4.7x EBITDA as defined at the end of our fiscal year. Now let me hand it over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Gregory Rufus: Well, this quarter is a good quarter. We're still planning on our total SG&A for the year to be about 11.5%.
Gregory Rufus: Well, boy, not with Airborne now, right? And, well, we haven't gone -- hold on. Our prior guidance -- where are we at? Is this your D&A and depreciation? Okay. D&A and amortization goes up about $6 million, and backlog was up about $6 million.
Gregory Rufus: And in the short run, by the end of '14, we already have some contracts that will fix the variable. It will be closer to 70% fixed at the end of '14.
Gregory Rufus: You know what? Rather than bore you to death, I think that's on Page 9, that slide that takes the EPS down and it shows the differences. When you look at our original guidance, dividend equivalent payment stays the same. Noncash stock comp's about the same, a little more. And the acquisition-related costs are up, reflecting Airborne, because there's some severance and reorganizational costs that'll be associated with that acquisition.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. No, I thought I -- you may find it unfulfilling, but I thought I said about the same thing I always did, that our pipeline is pretty active, where we remain working with -- I think I've said that there's a little more normal than we normal -- than we have been seeing in the commercial trends mix. The sizes and the stock are about what we usually see.
W. Nicholas Howley: It's more specific what we saw in Airborne. We are not -- as we've always said, we're looking for proprietary aerospace kind of products with a reasonable amount of aftermarket. And if they meet our sort of P/E kind of return, we're an interested buyer. We're not biased necessarily against defense, though I must say I don't -- I wouldn't want to move this -- we wouldn't want this to be a 50-50 defense business. But if the price is right and it has the right characteristics, we're interested in it. All things being equal, we'd probably pick a commercial business. But you deal with them as they come up, and this looks like a good, accretive transaction to us.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, I don't think so. You can always argue what reasonably priced means. But I would say, the prices haven't changed substantively as best I can tell. The hardest issue is always finding things that meet our -- our criteria is pretty tight. We want it to be proprietary. We want to double [ph] our sole-source stuff. That's always the issue is this sorting through them to get the ones that really meet our criteria.
W. Nicholas Howley: That one is -- I think as I've said, Myles, in the lead-in, that, that was about $7 million in the quarter, would consist about the same as it was in the fourth quarter of last year. That order is almost finished. I want to say it was a $17 million or $18 million order and that we shipped about $15 million of it. But even if you strip that out of both periods, the run rate from this first quarter was higher than the average run rate for last year. And I talk about the average run rate because the first quarter was very low last year. So that's a meaningful comp, at least for us. We sort of look at the average run rate just because -- otherwise the increases is a little distorted. But clearly better than we hoped, than we thought it may be, and we feel decent about the next quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: You're not miles off. And I'll give you the pieces, right, so you could figure it out. The -- well, it's not unusual that we bring businesses in substantially below our average. I mean, bringing the businesses in 25% EBITDA is not unusual at all for us. I would expect that's more the rule than the exception, have a business come in like that. However, I will say the nature of this business is such it's not going to pipe [ph] this long [ph] . Who knows where the future could bring, but I think it's unlikely this business gets up to 50% EBITDA.
W. Nicholas Howley: Rob, I just can't. We have -- this is a -- it's very sensitive to Boeing, and somewhat to us, that we maintain a confidentiality agreement with how this -- and we -- we were very clear with them what we would and wouldn't say. And I really just can't go beyond it, other than to say, as we said, this is not going to have a -- we don't see this having a material impact on our financial statements or our performance. And obviously, we thought it was worthwhile deal to make or we wouldn't make it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Rob, I also heard that anecdotally. But I honestly can't tell you that I can give you any good numbers or I have any numbers to give me any particular comfort in that. But I have heard that anecdotally also.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. So we have to get there. If we said, 8% to 9% for the year, right, we'd have to -- if everything was linear, if you get 7.5% in the first quarter, we need to get whatever that comes to -- in the 10.5% in the fourth quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. We haven't given that, and we prefer to stay away. We don't care to give quarterly guidance on it. We did tell you -- we did give you some data on the bookings.
W. Nicholas Howley: It's just the -- it's the underlying business, however you want to define it. We bumped up -- I want to say $32 million is not the number [indiscernible] , $32 million. We wanted to give you some sense how much of that was Airborne and how much was -- the margins were a little -- I feel a little better about the margins.
W. Nicholas Howley: I just don't want to -- as I've said, we -- I do not see a material impact on our business. And so -- and we just -- we have a -- I'm just going to repeat myself now. We've been pretty clear with Boeing and Boeing with us that we'll say what we agreed to say and no more.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't -- I think it is mostly, so far with us, been a question of magnitude. We have -- the magnitude of the givebacks to the shareholders have been very big. I know it -- the first thing was 20% of the share value. The ones we did last year were about 25%. Our thinking on those has been with such big numbers, we'd be better off to give the dividend and get it over with for surety of execution and the like. If the numbers were smaller, it wouldn't be so clear to us what made sense. I mean, we're not opposed to a buyback. It's just is a -- it's a very fact- and circumstance-specific thing.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, as I told you, it feels to us, and our data seems to indicate and everybody else seems to indicate, that this market is now expanding and rising. We think it is. Now I would say, as I've said, a lot of times, these things aren't linear. They don't always go up in a straight line, and there could be bumps along the road. But it feels to us like this is a rising market that's got 2 legs to it.
W. Nicholas Howley: You mean if you stripped out the price. Yes, they're absolutely up. It's up. That rise is greater than the average price increase.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. It is not a material impact or significant impact on this quarter. It's -- when we look down, there's kind of puts and takes where it was kind of all in one direction. Some of the other quarters now, whatever movement there is sort of all cancel each other out. So it looks to us like a pretty clean number.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't -- what did we say? It was 10.5% in the first quarter. It's going to add to roughly our -- what's our year? The same? Yes. So I wouldn't draw anything from that, other than it's just timing on when some things happen to ship. But if it looks like it -- if it start to look like it's a likely annual change, we'll update it next quarter. But we don't know anything other than some timing. I don't know anything about their shipment or production rates or inventory swings that would make me change something right now in the OEM world.
W. Nicholas Howley: Possibly. I would say the defense business is better than we expected. And as Ray said, probably the first half of the year is better than we expected. If that continues, that clearly could be an upside. The commercial aftermarket is a good quarter. It's just too soon for us to feel comfortable moving our yearly number up. I don't know if I could attribute that to one thing or another. Just that we don't have enough data yet. On the commercial -- on the OEM business, commercial OEM business, I don't -- I have no basis really at this point to change it, and we think it's all been just timing between the quarters.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, at some point, of course, it does. But I would say, in the range of likely movements in the next 3, 6, 9, 12 months and this is always risky to say that. There [ph] were likely movements in the capital market could be. But in the range of what I think is likely, it probably doesn't change our minds a lot. Our average interest is, Greg, I want to say 5.4%, about 5.4%? It's that -- let's say that average went -- which will be very hard to do if you look at our mix. But let's say it went to 6.5% or 7%, I doubt that changes our decision significantly, particularly when it's after tax money.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't -- I would just say I don't want to speculate. We are not working on that right now. We're forever getting people in, giving us pictures on restructuring it. We did a fair amount of restructuring last year. And at least, right now, that's not in our gun sight.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. When we say spotty -- I'd say spotty, but mostly up. But everything's not up. The -- I can't tie this to one platform or another. I can say, some of the discretionary things that weren't moving as well in last year started to move this quarter. We'll see whether that's a pattern or not.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we had to get through the -- to try to understand it, as best we could on any, and model it. We think there is our value drivers, which are new product development, cost reduction and pricing opportunity, we think they're sum of all here. The -- and -- the -- we -- so when we go through and do the math, even on a constant multiple, we see our private equity-like return on it, which we -- as I think you know how we do that. We define that as we roughly capitalize something about -- at our average, our long-term average, and assume the rest is equity. So we saw pretty good return, even in a constant multiple. And also, frankly, we are -- we bought it at a pretty good price. So I mean, it has a fair amount of the attributes that we like to see in the business.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, that's -- it's different in the different segments. But we see opportunity there or, frankly, we wouldn't have bought it. And I don't want to start speculating on where it might make sense and where it might not. But I would say the opportunities in the domestic market may not be as good as they are in foreign markets. But this is a business that is majority outside the U.S. and growing outside the U.S.
W. Nicholas Howley: Michael, I think I have to say for Partnering Success, I think you've got about all you're going to get.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I can say that if you guys were to look through with the distribution, we were having all kinds of inventory movement around. That seems to have settled down. So as I said, through the puts and takes sort of cancel each other out. We still have the situation with the GE business we acquired that we knew we're going to have to draw down inventory, but that's not material and it's offset by some other things. I can say we saw more activity in the discretionary products, which isn't a big part of our business. But what it is, we saw more activity this quarter than we had in the past, which would lead us to think that people must feel better. As far as average order size, I don't know that I can speak to that with any specificity. Though presumptively, it's a little higher.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't want to -- I really don't want to speculate on that because it's very dependent on what we buy, the rate at which we buy them and the rate at which they can be improved. I mean, generally, if we slow down the acquisitions, when things slow down, the margins start to expand quicker. I think for the full year this year, if you strip out the 3 acquisitions last year and Airborne, I think the rest of the business, we think, will expand about 1.5 margin points. So maybe that gives you some sense.
W. Nicholas Howley: We're seeing different trends in geographic. I don't know -- truthfully, I don't know enough to -- I don't know the answer to that for these past 90 days. I mean, I could - I would speculate that it's probably more movement in the Pacific Rim than Europe, but I don't know the number.
Robert Stallard: Nick, just a couple of quick ones on the aftermarket. First, I was wondering if you could tell us if aftermarket volumes are actually up in the quarter.
Robert Stallard: Yes, if you stripped out the price. I think in prior quarters, you've said that -- you've talked about -- you haven't given us a number, but you said if it's up and down.
Robert Stallard: Yes. And then just finally on your OEM guidance for the year. It's obviously a bit down from where you did in the first quarter. How do you think this is going to play out, because I'd imagine you have pretty good visibility on wherever Boeing and biz jet guys, want to take their volumes over the next 12 months.
