Liza Sabol: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2015 third quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie; Chief Operating Officer of our Power Group, Kevin Stein; and our Executive Vice President, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for two weeks, and details are contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that the statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC and are available through our Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Terry. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I'd ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. If you've further questions, please re-insert yourself back into the queue. Operator, we are now ready to open the line.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, again, for participating in today's call and please look for our 10-Q that we expect to file some time tomorrow.
Robert M. Spingarn: Okay. Okay, that's good. And then a question – a high-level question, Nick, on commercial aftermarket. I think when you parsed it out, the air transport sounded a little better than it looked.
Robert M. Spingarn: Well, 5.3% pre-tax and 6.5% is pre-tax. And when you do the math in the tax, when we're done, it's about $1.30 clip to earnings – if it happened.
Robert M. Spingarn: Okay, fair enough. But I was applying the new interest rate to all of the debt based on the way you phrased it.
Robert M. Spingarn: ...to move against you. I fully appreciate that. That's why I wanted to have the discussion online...
Nick Howley: No. I get that, Rob, and I must admit it's a little baffling to us too. And we look at everything and read everybody else's numbers as they come out. So I don't think we're unique in this. I don't honestly, Rob, I – other than airlines aren't buying as much (27:17) or some mix of inventory drawdown or deferrals of some discretionary items, I don't know that I can give you any other particular insight into it. I will say, if you look across our operating units, it isn't a clear picture. They're sort of all over the map. It isn't that discretionary ones are up and nondiscretionary are down or vice versa. It's just not a clear picture and frankly it's lower than we expected.
Nick Howley: The real is, I don't know, obviously. I would say on the fundamental demand, like use of our product, there isn't any change. So to the extent that there is inventory adjustments going on and rippling around the place, it would seem to me that that should settle out eventually. Though honestly, it has been more volatile for the last three years, four years than I would have expected. If I look back, Rob, over any extended period of time, two years, three years, four years, it seems to kind of all cancel itself out as you average that out and the numbers still look about what you expect. But I will admit it's bouncing around more than I would have expected.
Nick Howley: 8% increase. Rob, I would say that is, I'm only trying to show how much – how well we're hedged against that. I have no reason to believe rates are going to go up 8%.
Nick Howley: If it went from that up to 8%, a far greater move than anyone anticipates or anything like that over the next four years or five years, our after-tax rate would move about 1.25% or 1.5%, I forget...
Nick Howley: 1.25%. And the pre-tax would be a little higher than that. I was just trying to give you a sense that we think we've gotten ourselves reasonably well hedged here for the next four years or five years.
Nick Howley: Yeah. So essentially, you can think of it as half is fixed, and half can move with the LIBOR, but we've significantly hedged half of that.
Nick Howley: Yeah. I mean that's hard. It's always hard to speculate on why someone's selling. I wouldn't surprise me if it contributes somewhat to it. I mean, if you just run back through them, we bought one from AAR. They were going through – they're going through a fair amount of restructuring. Whether the market cycle is the precipitating event, I think they were going through the restructuring anyway. It's hard for me to tell exactly why the timing was. I think the Franke one is pretty well something we've been working for a while and I think that just kind of hit when it hit. Pexco is a PE sale. And so I think a PE seller surely doesn't want to try and sell something right at the top of the cycle and they don't want to risk getting stuck having to hold for three years or four years. So I suspect that's a contributor on that one. And PneuDraulics is a family business and it's always hard to sort out the politics or rationale for a family sale. But I can't imagine the fact that the cycle's pretty good was a negative on their thought process.
Nick Howley: It surely seems more active to me, but I don't know how that predicts and we surely have not bought a bunch here in the last, whatever it is, 150 days or 180 days. I'm quite comfortable, Carter, we're not going keep that pace up.
Nick Howley: I don't think these were any – I don't know what percent most of you use in your model for working capital, by which I mean receivables inventory, receivables inventory amounts payables 25%, 27%, 28% something like that. I don't think there's anything that'll move it outside of that range. A little, but I don't think materially I don't think anything that shows or makes any impact on the model.
Nick Howley: We tend to not plan on much provisioning for our products. And when it comes along, we sort of look at it as a – I was going to say the bird flew over and got us on the head, but I'll say a nice hurricane, a nice upswing, because our experience has been one, our products aren't hugely amenable to provisioning, amenable is maybe the wrong word, but they tend to not provision big quantities of it. And we've also found it to be very unpredictable, so we tend to not count on it. And you know what you're all really is doing is you're pulling shipments forward that you would get eventually out in another year or two, and we'll probably look at, Mike, we'll probably look at the A350 the same way.
Nick Howley: I can't answer that. But I just don't know the answer, Mike. Not that I'm not willing to answer it, I just don't know the answer. I would say we are pretty well market-weighted with all the group of parts and businesses we have. And I can't say it's been obvious to us the one class of airframe has been disproportionately either buying or not buying versus what we would have expected. That's my general impression just from business reviews and things like that, but I can't give you an exact number.
Nick Howley: Doesn't have all the acquisitions in it. Yeah. I would say, in general, and I can't recall each one of the every acquisition, but our content on the new platforms continues to improve. The 787, Pexco is a big supplier on the 787, it's a big part of their program and the content substantially stepped up. At Telair, the A350, they have the cargo handling system, which is a big cargo handling system for them. Whom I'm missing? Franke is relatively small, but – so it's not going to move it much. But in general, we think we are continuing to move up. We know that if you look at on a pro forma basis that same-store basis, we know our content is moving up on the – is up significantly on the 787 and the A350 – by pro forma I mean same-store basis.
Nick Howley: And if we didn't make it same-store that's – I mean same-store and organic is the same. And if you didn't – if you did it on a GAAP basis, it's going up very substantively.
Nick Howley: Well, I think I gave you – I gave you some detail on it. It is – I don't think there is near-term – much near-term risk, by near-term, I mean the balance of the year here. I mean that's stuff pretty well locked and loaded at this point in the year. The upside has been a relatively few programs. It's been a relatively few programs. If you pull them out, the rest of the businesses are flattish. But it's been the A400 shipments and I think we told primarily Telair. I think we told you and we bought that, they were going to be way up which is one of the reasons we expected maybe a little flattening in that next year. The parachute shipments both personnel and cargo, mostly outside the United States and our Airborne business have been just exploding this year. And the other is the C-130, we have a fair amount of content on that, particularly in the cargo handling at our AeroControlex and CEF businesses. And Lockheed last year had been drawing the inventory down, primarily because they've build inventory for a higher rate and drew it down substantively last year and this year are now behind back up to the rate, which has a – means a year-over-year it's a significant step up. So those are the three big drivers of it.
Nick Howley: I'd say you are modestly up, modestly down, flattish kind of number across all the rest of the business as an aggregate.
Nick Howley: Well, we surely have seen foreign exchange adjustments, but we price in dollars and we have not changed our pricing history pattern strategy, et cetera at all.
Nick Howley: Well, we surely have seen some buying fewer spares obviously. If you see across the industry, I don't know that I can attribute it to that, I surely haven't heard anyone say that.
Nick Howley: Not that is obvious to me. It could be, but I don't recall it and I don't know the answer to that question, is the real answer. I would say the big spike ups in those two quarters came after probably a two or three quarter period where there was very low growth. Once again, that we and everybody in the industry were trying to figure out what was happening and then all of sudden we get two huge quarters of orders, which looks like what was happening was people were deferring and drawing maintenance down.
Nick Howley: I think Pexco will move relatively quickly. I think Franke will move relatively quickly though it's pretty small. Telair, I think we gave you some guidance on that, that one will move more slowly.
Nick Howley: Yeah. We said for the full year around $91 million. So, I'm assuming it would be probably in that $20 million to $25 million a quarter going forward – excuse me, $98 million,
Nick Howley: Yes, depreciation, amortization and including backlog at $98 million for the full year. So, you can probably model $25 a quarter.
Nick Howley: I did not. I said that it was running slightly ahead year-to-date. And I would say for the quarter, it was roughly flat. The orders were roughly flat. By orders I mean bookings quarter-to-quarter sequentially.
Nick Howley: But I would say – I'm trying to figure out this big jumble of numbers here sitting in front of me. The – yeah, up some over the previous Q3.
Nick Howley: I don't know where – let me run back through them, I'm not sure where we're starting with recent, but let's say the ones over the last 100 maybe days, which I presume that's what you mean, David.
Nick Howley: Franke, I think a very good possibility. Pexco, I think very good possibility. Telair, probably not all the way there, but – for a number of reasons, but good growth but not – the margins won't get all the way there, I don't think. And PneuDraulics, since we don't own it, I'd rather not talk about it yet.
Nick Howley: Well, there is proprietary and sole source that somewhat could clearly chop up an old airplane, take the part out, fix it up, and try and resell it. We don't see much of that, we don't believe primarily because the price points of what our parts tend to be, they tend to be lower than the food chain in pricing and usually not 100%, but usually not worth that. PMA activity is – I don't believe has changed much. It's quite modest. It's a very, very low percent of a penetration in our aftermarket, well down in the single-digits, and I don't think it's changed much over the last six years, seven years, eight years or 10 years.
Nick Howley: I just don't want get into speculating on 2016 yet. We'll give the guidance when we give it. And we hate to sort of paint ourselves in corners.
Nick Howley: You're not going to divide by 4.5 multiplied times 12, right, because that's far too complicated for us.
Nick Howley: One sort of discount rate. And I know, Noah, you guys are investment bankers and you know a lot about discount rate.
Nick Howley: Yes, when you adjust for the – make whatever adjustment you want to make for the tax benefit by however you want to discount that, the way we end up, we know we did not. We did not pay a significantly unusual. We do not pay particularly high multiple for it. We paid what we generally pay.
Nick Howley: Well, everybody is waving their hands at me now. There's some other round and some other things in there.
Nick Howley: No, we'd have to value deferrals of things – or the logical conclusion to me. I cannot – Noah, as you know, it's always tough to get us particular partner, particular group of airlines and say how many parts did you have last quarter and how many you got this quarter.
Nick Howley: Yeah, it is. And the answer is I don't know. But I look across almost what everyone's reporting and I see the same thing.
Nick Howley: Well, our rule is always the same. We're looking for proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket. Now, we don't stick a stake in the ground and say exactly what significant means, but it has to be a meaningful part of the business and, more importantly, a meaningful part of the EBITDA that we think we can move. Our EBITDA content is somewhere around little over 50% now. I'd say most of the businesses we have bought have been in that range, or businesses that are somewhere in that range where we think we have a chance of getting them somewhere in that range.
Nick Howley: So far fine. As you know, it's – this question has been asked before, we have the confidentiality agreement, so I can't talk about the details of it. But as I've also said that we're very value-driven. If we didn't think it was either even or somewhat value-accretive, we wouldn't do it.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yeah. I think Nick used 1.25%, but on a pre-tax basis the interest rate, if it went up to 8%, LIBOR increased to 8%, it was about a 2% impact pre-tax to our interest rate.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yeah. So the interest guidance for the full year this year was $420 million and what we'll have, from a PneuDraulics standpoint is we will get a tax benefit of just over $100 million taken over the next 15 years, that won't impact the rate, it will impact our cash taxes. So from a GAAP standpoint, the tax rate will be sort of our normal effective rate, which right now is around 32%. We've lowered it for this year down to 31% because of discrete items but our normal rate's around 32% going forward.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yeah. I'm not sure. We'd like to forecast – give you that guidance out next year. What we have done is changed our guidance for this year down from last quarter. And the main reason for that is being driven by the timing of actually getting our refund from – we just filed our tax return. We expected it'd take a lot longer than we had planned in the forecast last quarter and we actually received it already and that makes up half the – approximately half the change from last quarter this year in cash taxes. We also had the foreign tax credit which we weren't expecting help reduce cash taxes and then the rate probably makes up a difference.
Terrance M. Paradie: No, I think what we've guided to the full year tax rate just under 31%, you can use that as your full year estimate and that's our guidance at this point in time.
