Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today, and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2012 first quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the Company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available in the Investor section of our website or through the Securities Exchange Commission's website at sec.gov. The Company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income, and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. Also please note that the slides that accompany today's release, can be found on our website, but will not be advanced automatically. You will need to manually advance them. We apologize for any inconvenience. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I'd ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. If you have further questions, I'd ask that you reinsert yourself into the queue and we will answer those questions if time permits. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for participating on this morning's call and we expect to file our first quarter 10-K tomorrow.
Nicholas Howley: Well, as you know, David, we don't give quarterly guidance. And I don't want to back into it that way, but you can back into the math, right? If you take whatever the first quarter is and divide the rest of it with the rest of the year, you get about 6% or 7% a quarter.
Nicholas Howley: I would say it is – as you know, when the comps get significantly harder, and we are mostly reflecting there some – no company-specific concern, but frankly just a little bit of discomfort still with where the economy goes and where the airline industry goes around the world. That's all what we are reflecting there.
Nicholas Howley: Well, the bookings and shipments were about the same and they were up significantly off of the – they were significantly up in the previous year. I would say, sequentially, the bookings didn't change a whole lot.
Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I think the way we look at this, as you know, is we’re not – we don't make any money by percents, we make the money by dollars. When we look at that, we see the same kind of – we think this is an EBITDA that over time as we always say four years or so, we think we can double this EBITDA which is the same kind of thing we saw at McKechnie. And that's a combination of the usual suspects. It's cost reduction. It's pricing. It's some new business and a little market tailwinds.
Nicholas Howley: Well, hopefully maybe we will do that here too. You know how we look at this. We look at this on a four to five year cash to cash kind of basis and we are looking to get the returns up in the high-teens to 20s on our equity. And this passes that test or better, we wouldn't here.
Nicholas Howley: Well, as you may know, about 60% of our defense business roughly evenly split comes from helicopters and freighters. So that's always going to be the primary driver as is helicopters and freighters. I would say if you look across our operating units and product lines, it's I would say not all, but the high percentage of them were up this quarter. Each one has a little bit of a different story, but the spending at least for our products was a little bit than we anticipated and I really can't zero it in on one big thing.
Nicholas Howley: I’d like to give you a more satisfying answer than that, but looks like we’re unsettled about the future. It’s frankly hanging in better than we thought.
Nicholas Howley: Let me just add to that, Greg. I think between the public information that we’ve put out, I think you have the basis for making some judgments there.
Nicholas Howley: I can't find how to say. I don't – I can't say it's materially different, Rob. We were thinking 10% in the year. We are still somewhere around 10% for the year. So I don't know. Maybe a little better, maybe a little worse, but I can't say there is a material difference.
Nicholas Howley: I would say I guess I maybe front-ended, Rob, if you compare as a percent. But remember the comps get a lot harder as you go forward.
Nicholas Howley: There has been no significant change in the pricing dynamics in the industry for our products, Rob. We haven't seen any change this quarter in this period as we did in previous up and down cycles. I mean, our process and our activities remain the same and our results remain the same.
Nicholas Howley: Let me just add to that. We have some number of these negotiations going on in any one-time. Sometimes they stretch out forever and never get resolved and sometimes they all of a sudden pop overnight and get resolved. So it's doesn't mean there is no possibility of it anymore, but there is none in guidance.
Nicholas Howley: It's better to look at it almost a third, a third, a third by the subjects you mentioned. I don't know what you read but those improvements really closed out in that way. Tax, a third; Harco, a third and ops a third.
Nicholas Howley: Well, obviously somebody was buying more than the capacity growth was. This is the same issue we saw all of last year and we're continuing some of it here in the beginning. The quarter-to-quarter – first quarter to first quarter is the easiest comp. It gets tougher from here on in. So the answer is generally the same answer we had last year. We are aware the people who are buying, they’re buying ahead of the – I would say the consumption and the pricing, and there's a little extra buying we suspect for inventory and some deferred maintenance. We don't know if these comps get tougher. We don't know that that can continue.
Nicholas Howley: I don't have a good sense of it. I think the best way to think about that is look at our guidance for the balance of the year.
Nicholas Howley: No. I think when I said about the 787 is the – it's unclear to me exactly what the shipment rates are going to be this year. As you probably know, the number seems to sort of move around. But I would say, it didn’t want to make a lot of – it's not a material impact on TransDigm's performance this year. Surely not on the profitability.
Nicholas Howley: I don't know that we're seeing any changes. As I think I've told you, if I look at it today, probably the pipeline is a little light. I don't know that I can attribute that to anything other than normal fluctuations. And as you probably know that you've been following our calls, the relationship between what I say about our pipeline and the timing of closing seems to have almost no relationship to each other. So take it for what it's worth.
Nicholas Howley: This is hard to predict. I mean, we are out there slugging away every day, looking for things and sometimes they have a slow bubble and a boil and they start to go to a pipeline and we contract them and sometimes they just come up fast and we have to hit quick.
Nicholas Howley: Not to get technical on the amortization. That’s part of that tax savings with the (inaudible) selection if you follow that other presentation.
Nicholas Howley: By and large I would say on the McKechnie business, it continues to meet or exceed our expectations when we bought it.
Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I can't say that. I mean we forecast the revenues, not the bookings. Generally they are way disconnected in the aftermarket because the turns aren't that long.
Nicholas Howley: Well, your first assumption in the first quarter is exactly right. There was some severance costs and some transaction costs, I think it totaled about $3 million. You’ll see that in the Q when we file that tomorrow. When you say what the normal run rate, it depends how you place it with the acquisition cost and accounting cost, because now you have to expense all those things, where a couple two years ago you could put them on the balance sheet. But if you took that out, you're just a little north, I think right around 11% or just south of 11% if you took out the acquisitions for the first quarter, and that's not terribly off from how we've been reporting for several years.
Nicholas Howley: Yeah. It's not been significant. I can't say we didn't get anything. Frankly, it's a little hard to sort out from existing 747 orders. The answer to that one is I don't know whether we've got any, but I know it's not been significant.
Nicholas Howley: The real answer to that is I don't know. Our criteria stays the same. We're looking for proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. I would tell you AmSafe, if you separate out the ground vehicle business, is pretty well right down the pike on that. The size – Michael, we deal with the sizes we see. The market, there are many more small businesses – there's many more businesses or many more transactions in the $50 million, $100 million range than there are in the $700 million, $800 million range. We deal with the ones we’ve got.
Nicholas Howley: We're not going to give guidance for '13 yet. But you can do the – the base businesses, I would say, we gave guidance where we kind of look like we are for the year and we gave you some rough numbers on AmSafe. So you can do some math there, right? When you add 25% to 50%, you get an average.
Nicholas Howley: Let me back up on that. I don't mean to imply that we think there is any structural change. The mix aftermarket go forward growth reflects 6% or 7% forever, rather than 5% plus price or something.
Nicholas Howley: Well, you won't see it in our effective tax rates. Those benefits will lower our cash taxes paid. We said the net present values right around $70 million. About $30 million, $35 million of that we’ll recognize in the first two years. That might stretch over two of our reporting years, maybe three because we're going to buy it in the middle of our year. But over the first 24 months, I anticipate our cash taxes to be reduced by $35 million. But again you won't see that in any change to our effective tax rate.
Nicholas Howley: I think the way to do that is we're pretty well spread across the platform. So if you look at the growth rates, the Boeing Airbus are projecting in a different platform. That roughly is reflective of the growth rate we're seeing in the platforms. The 787, frankly we don't know how many we’re going to ship this year or anybody does, but it won't make a big impact on the business. It's not a material impact. Anything in the range that’s being talked about is an impact this year for us.
Nicholas Howley: I would say, Rob, as a general statement, though I think you have to be a little careful business by business, because it's somewhat of a function of whether they’ve contracted for fixed periods of time. In general, that's right, but it's not right in every specific.
Nicholas Howley: Yeah, there's probably some. I don't think it's a whole lot just in that period. But yeah, there's some.
Nicholas Howley: This time it was – we wanted to do something relatively quickly. We had just restructured both our bank and high yield just a year ago, so the agreements were pretty fresh. And at the end of the day, the bank interest rate is quite a bit cheaper than the high yield. So at this stage, we elected to just go with the bank debt to go quick and we had agreements that were pretty fresh and it was pretty easy for us to execute.
Gregory Rufus: With AmSafe, it's going to change a lot obviously because it's a large acquisition. We have on the table what our current adjustments are, but I'd ask you to be patient when we give out the AmSafe guidance, because the amortization and things like that – the dividend payment stays the same. That only happens in the first quarter. You could annualize the comp costs. That will probably go up because we’ll issue more options with the acquisition, and then we’ll have the various acquisition related expenses. So it won't be any different subjects. But again, what you see now will be updated and changed with AmSafe.
Gregory Rufus: No. At our next conference call because we will in the middle of our operating, our base business that quarter. So our intention right now is to do it at the next conference call.
Gregory Rufus: We're just generally being pretty excited with the headcount and as the market recovers and we're also enjoying the benefits of some of the reductions we've had with acquisitions over the last 12 months. We are seeing a full year of that.
Gregory Rufus: We mentioned Harco and Schneller just because after we acquire a business, we quickly go to work on that stuff. But in our base businesses, our pricing actions have been same as they’ve been every year and every quarter.
Gregory Rufus: We don't have a general price increase necessarily. The product line is handled differently. But I mean as I’ll try to track back on the question that Rob asked. Our pricing pattern, our pricing methodology has not changed.
Gregory Rufus: It will probably be a little. I think our previous guidance was modestly down. We changed from flat to modestly down. Primarily, of course we had a good first quarter than we expected. There is nothing I would say there is – I can't tell you there is anything about the Defense world or the outlook that makes me feel a whole lot different than I did 90 days ago, other than we got 90 days under the belt that was a little better than we expected.
Gregory Rufus: We have Harco. We just acquired Schneller. Typically when we buy something, it's mathematically we’ll mix down in that first year.
Gregory Rufus: We did tell you we had that unusual favorable pricing adjustment in our first quarter too, which distorts the first quarter in your analysis.
Gregory Rufus: Yes. It's reasonably severable. We're undecided yet what we'll do with that. We're going to have to look at it and see what the market is for and see what we – how we feel about the prospects when we get right into the middle of it. It's a relatively small part of the value of the business. So we're not as intimately familiar with it as we are with the aerospace and military portion.
Gregory Rufus: Again, we don't manage to a margin. We manage to absolute dollars and value. So if the market mix changes, so be it. We're not going to do anything to manage our margin. We're doing it to manage the value.
Gregory Rufus: I'm not sure I follow the question. So let me repeat what we said. We said 10% for the full year, which if you do the math, if it was 18% or 19% for the first quarter, that solves the 7 percentage for the next three quarters, assuming they are all weighted equally and all that.
Gregory Rufus: I think more impacted by the tough comps. I would say what we're basically doing is we're sticking with our 10% for the year.
Gregory Rufus: No, we have not. We have a very – I don't want to say easy, but ready access to the capital markets. So we could raise more than we need right now.
Gregory Rufus: I mean, obviously we – tougher capital requirements ultimately could squeeze down the market. I would tell you, we have so far have not frankly ever had difficulty accessing the capital markets, and we don't see any right now.
