Gregory Rufus: Thanks, Ray. Please reference Slide 7 of this morning's press release. I'd like to expand on a few items included in our quarterly financial results. Sales were $591 million and 27% greater than the prior year. Our organic sales were 6% higher than last year, driven by growth in commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket. Second quarter gross profit was $308 million, an increase of 19% over the prior year. The reported gross profit margin of 52.1% was 3.6 margin points less than the prior year. This quarter's margins were negatively impacted by the current year acquisition of Airborne and the acquisitions of Arkwin, Whippany and Aerosonic in the prior year. The dilutive impact from acquisition mix and acquisition-related costs was approximately 4.5 margin points at the gross profit line. Excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margins and the remaining businesses versus the prior year quarter improved approximately 1 margin point. The base business is continuing to expand margins as a result of the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Selling and administrative expenses were 12.1% of sales for the current quarter, compared to 11.9% in the prior year. Excluding stock comp expense and acquisition-related expense, SG&A was 10.5% of sales in both periods. This quarter was sequentially higher than quarter 1, primarily due to additional acquisition-related costs and noncash comp expense. We expect SG&A to average approximately 11.5% in the second half of our fiscal year. Interest expense was $82 million, an increase of approximately $18 million versus the prior year quarter. This was a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $5.7 billion in the current quarter versus $4.3 billion in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to the amount borrowed to distribute $1.8 billion of special dividends last year. Our weighted average interest rate is 5.4%, compared to 5.5% in the prior year. One-time refinancing costs of $30 million were booked in the prior period in conjunction with the refinancing of our senior secured credit facility in February of last year. Our effective tax rate was 33.7% in the current quarter, compared to 31.9% in the prior year. Last year's rate was primarily reduced by the retroactive reinstatement of the R&D tax credit at that time. We still expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be around 34% and our cash taxes to be about $175 million. Our net income for the quarter increased $22 million or 33% to $90 million, which is 15% of sales. This compares to net income of $68 million in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the absence of the refinancing charges booked in the prior period and the growth in net sales, partially offset by higher interest expense and acquisition-related costs. As I discussed in the past, our EPS was calculated under the 2-class method versus the more commonly used treasury method. We are required to use this method because of our dividend equivalent program. As you can see on Tables 1 and 3 of this morning's press release, our GAAP EPS was $1.49 per share in the current quarter, compared to $1.25 per share last year. The current quarter was impacted by dividend equivalent payments of $5 million or $0.10 per share. Our adjusted EPS was $1.87 per share, an increase of 8%, compared to $1.74 per share last year. The 8% increase is lower than the 12% increase in adjusted net income due to the higher weighted average shares in the current period, resulting from the accelerated stock option vesting that occurred primarily in 2013. Again, please reference Table 3 of this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP to adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. After the purchase of EME, we ended the quarter with $476 million of cash on the balance sheet. The company's net debt leverage ratio was 5.1x our pro forma EBITDA As Defined. We now expect to end the year with approximately $700 million of cash on the balance sheet, assuming no other acquisition activity. Absent any changes to our capital structure, we expect our net debt leverage ratio to be approximately 4.7x EBITDA As Defined at the end of the year. Now let me hand over to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Gregory Rufus: Yes. And the OEM backlogs are pretty long, so you can see them turn up from far away and you can see them turn down from far away. So right now, our backlogs for next year are filling in like they have every year and...
Gregory Rufus: Just [ph] casually. The range of the -- we have the same margin at the high end of the range for sales and the low end of it. [indiscernible] because [ph] that's why it was disconnected, David. I was disconnected. I mean, what moves the dollars, essentially the revenue. Now the practical matter, what will move that -- the actual, what will move the margin is [indiscernible] aftermarket [ph] shifts. We're light on -- if we're right on the commercial aftermarket assumption, the margin will probably move a little bit.
Gregory Rufus: Well, yes, when we acquired AmSafe, we mixed [ph] out. In AmSafe, we had some good businesses, but we had some ones that we should -- look at our margins, AmSafe was a pretty big deal. And so that was one that [indiscernible] substantially, and depending what timeframe they're in.
Gregory Rufus: But I'm very comfortable saying the EBITDA margins in the 50% ranges, that -- those core businesses are performing very well and the lower margins we're reporting now is entirely due to acquisition mix.
Gregory Rufus: Their accounting systems aren't that sophisticated. It's rather small. So for the next several foreseeable months, they'll be at a one month of delay in closing.
Gregory Rufus: On the operating side, that's excluding -- when I get my numbers, I put in my purchase price [indiscernible]
Gregory Rufus: There is some, but it's not a material amount because this is a small acquisition. What was nice though was half the acquisition was paid with cash that was overseas, so that was a nice [indiscernible] good deal, but the deal is not big enough just to make a material difference in our tax rate.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. We've got -- one, we have some step-up in the second half, and the percents aren't always exactly comparable. When we go through -- let me just look at the quarterly numbers there.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, there's a step-up in the second half of last year, Rob, so the percents aren't exactly comparable, if you follow me, when you compare them to the subsequent quarters. But as I said, we shipped roughly 8% in the first half of the year. We have to be getting up somewhere in the -- right, 12% or so in the second half of the year, and we think there could be some upside there, Rob. I mean, I don't know how to tell you. We told you we think there should -- could be some upside there, and we're a little concerned about the defense world.
W. Nicholas Howley: I really don't know the answer, Rob, other than it's not -- there's not a big rush of stuff as I -- that's what I know. I can't -- and I can't say its specific to one program or one operating unit either.
W. Nicholas Howley: The only one it is, as I think I mentioned, the parachute, some of the big parachute orders are -- have been delayed. Now that's a mix, that's all around the world. The one significant one from the U.S. that we've been sort of hanging fire on got delayed. It got awarded right after the -- right at the beginning of the next quarter, but it doesn't show up in the numbers. But we've seen some delays for the parachute upgrades in some other foreign countries too. That's the only place.
W. Nicholas Howley: The margin is -- I think, I know the style [ph] of different comments about the earnings, about the softness of the margin. The margin is what we expected. We expected the margin to step down as we included it. It was not included in the -- so that wasn't a surprise at all and the volume wasn't particularly a surprise. What's a little, frankly, slower than we might have hoped is the rate of bookings, and there were -- there's 2 or 3 big orders, a couple outside the U.S. and one inside the U.S. The one inside the U.S. is subsequently dropped, but we -- I know as we've guided. With the others, the others have not. They're still stretched out some. The other thing we see in that is that's a lumpier business than some of our other businesses, and pushing some of the foreign orders through the hoop is a longer slide than we might have hoped.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think as usual, Carter, our first choice of use of capital is going to be support our existing business and to buy accretive acquisitions that meet our criteria. I can say the stuff on the horizon in general in size isn't much different than we typically see, and the credit markets are very, very positive. I mean, we are -- as we do every year, we're going through the process of trying to decide what makes sense for capital allocation.
W. Nicholas Howley: There's a couple of things happening, obviously. Airborne did a lower margin. With EME, I'll start [indiscernible]
W. Nicholas Howley: About 6.5. I wouldn't want to -- I don't want to speculate on that. The -- I would say typically, it's been 3.5 to 6.5 kind of numbers, but the credit markets are pretty attractive.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I don't know -- I understand we had this announcement from B/E yesterday, but I don't -- or the day before or whatever it was. I don't -- I would say, no, in general, I can't say that the level of activity has changed a whole lot that we've seen. We see sort of a reasonable flow of small to midsized stuff generally. I would say prices, they're not getting any better, but they're -- I can't say they're -- of the stuff that's transacted that we know of, it hasn't -- I don't think the prices have moved a lot. I will say to get out of the aerospace business and the typical just industrial sort of PE world, those prices have gotten pretty tough with the -- and we're not in that, but we're just watching them from outside. As the capital markets loosen up more and more and more, that essentially moves up the PE by prices.
W. Nicholas Howley: I can't say we've seen -- I mean, the prices are always higher than we want, but I can't say they're markedly higher than they were a year ago.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, no. You're going to pay proprietary commercial stuff with a good aftermarket. You're going to pay a hefty multiple for defense stuff, you're going to pay less.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think it's disproportionate. I mean, I can't -- for a while, we were seeing a lot of defense stuff. I can't say we're seeing that now.
W. Nicholas Howley: We don't have -- there's no -- I don't want to say -- without thinking, I can't say there's no business at all with the margins down. But in general, there's no degradation of margins. Margins in the businesses we have continue to creep slowly up.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, the -- it's a little bit complicated for the size of it, which probably scared some people off. There's a little bit of concentration issue in Airbus. There was some in there, just -- there was some small part of it that's automotive that you have to be done that may have scared people off. And I think basically, it didn't get shot very wide. Those are the reasons I speculate, but the fact is we bought it for a pretty good multiple. I mean, good for us.
W. Nicholas Howley: No. We don't disclose that. We don't -- we're not -- we don't disclose EBITDA margin on any individual business.
W. Nicholas Howley: Probably not quite as high. We think the value creation opportunity is very good because it's starting low. We'll have to see over time. It's got some contractual LPAs that we're going to have to see how we can work that out. But I mean, it's plenty, plenty of value creation, easily meets our PE kind of return of up over 20%, easily meets that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I mean, it's the same as everybody sees. The small stuff -- the smaller stuff isn't doing so well, and the bigger jets are doing a little better, and that's essentially all we're seeing. And I think we may have a little bit just with the timing when the shipments were. I don't -- this doesn't -- I wouldn't change our fundamental view on the business jet market. I think the best days are still in front of it.
W. Nicholas Howley: I still have the same issue I had before. We have a confidentiality agreement, and we sort of have -- we have an agreement on what we'll say, and that's what I've said.
W. Nicholas Howley: Not substantively. I don't -- if it is, we didn't notice it. I don't -- I can't say there's any substantive impact.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we are -- interestingly enough, we didn't -- we now have 1, 2, 3, 4 standalone businesses in Europe. We have 2 in U.K., and we have one in Belgium and now one in Germany. We are -- now the others came with something else, but they were standalone operating units and we got pretty comfortable with them. I would say we are seeing more activity. What the rate of closure will be, I just don't know. I believe it's a pretty fragmented space, but we have to see one where we see the PE kind of returns on it. But I can say we're seeing more.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes. And some of that maybe -- we may just be digging harder, too. We had a pretty good guy retained over there that's pretty active.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say more in the typical size we see, the more -- more like that, $30 million to $100 million kind of thing. I mean, that's not to say we couldn't tomorrow morning see another -- a bigger one, but that's -- so far, that's sort of what we've been seeing.
W. Nicholas Howley: Possibly. I would say, in the -- and for restocking, for the revenues, I don't think so. In other words, if you take the sales and take out whatever price might be in there, I don't think they're running ahead of the RPM or however you want to look at it, consumption rate. So I don't see any signs of that frothing up yet. But I take your question, the bookings might indicate some of that. But when we lay out the shipments for ourselves, at least so far, we don't see it. But if the bookings continue to froth up for a couple of quarters, I would say we're going to start seeing it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I mean, it starts kicking in, in the second half, the numbers are going up. But if we continue to book at this rate, probably we would ship more in the second half.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes, yes. But surely, increasing shipments and increasing order rate, you have to believe, is a good sign.
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean, it's all of the above. The EBITDA is growing, the LTM grows a little bit, that gives us more capacity. Every quarter, we pile up a couple of hundred million or so more cash, and the credit market is a little better now. But at least -- it weren't better, it's been very good, but it's even a little better now. But I think we most -- I don't think, I know. We've been calculating that number under our current credit agreement. So we're not reflecting an improved credit market yet in that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Right. The answer is, I saw that one come out the last few days, just like everybody did. At least today, I don't know of any other big one [ph] that's in the middle or that's hanging fire [ph] anywhere. And I don't know where we are on that B/E business. Prior, we -- I would say, in the past, with the oil well businesses and the distribution businesses, we had little, if any, interest at all. As they break it up -- if it's going to break up, I don't know, we may or may not be interested in some of the parts. I don't know enough about it yet to speculate.
W. Nicholas Howley: Airborne was about 2, and then pertaining [ph] to the margins [indiscernible] that we have. So I don't -- maybe it's 2 or 3.5 that's fouling you up.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, first, the discretionary component in our aftermarket is relatively low. It's well, well under half. We've given out numbers at different times in the past, but it's way below half. So I guess obviously, if one grows a little faster than the other, the percent goes up a little bit. But it's not a particularly meaningful part of our aftermarket. More in the -- what numbers have we given out? I don't want to start -- okay, so I don't want to throw a number. But it's way, way less than half the volume.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we... Our R&D is well behaved. There's nothing [ph] really unusual with our fleet, and that's not moving around a lot. I mean, we also -- as we've said before, we tend to look at total engineering expense, which is divided between sort of above the gross profit line of growth and that tends to stay reasonably steady. And as a percent of revenues, sometimes, the accounts move around a little bit, but it stays reasonably steady. As far as the new platforms, the ones that -- all the ones coming out, our content is -- we've been -- and I think we've been through this a couple of times, our content is moving up reasonably well on all of the them.
W. Nicholas Howley: I can't speak to platform by platform, but I would say, in the total context of the project, in other words we look at the upfront money, the OEM ramp-up, the aftermarket, the economics aren't changing substantively.
W. Nicholas Howley: No. It -- I mean, I don't want to speculate on that. We have to -- we'll -- that will be a very fact and circumstance specific thing. I think generally, our target range is in the range we generally discuss. That's not to say as we've said in the past when we saw a particularly attractive credit situation or acquisition opportunity, we might not jump up above that, but we delever pretty quick.
W. Nicholas Howley: I guess, the only thing I could say is we don't think there's any kind of cliff we're worried about in the next 6 months. I don't know what to say about the next 18 months. We could -- we think we have given you a set of guidance numbers that we think are quite achievable. As I told you, if I sort of jumped ahead, 9 months and then looked back, it wouldn't surprise me if the commercial aftermarket was a little better and the defense might be a little worse. But I hope they're right on our expectation.
W. Nicholas Howley: [indiscernible] but the -- and those big orders, they book out. And then typically, those orders span multi-year periods as we're finding, and so you'll give big order, they start to ship out maybe at the earliest in 6 months, but usually longer than that because the customer doesn't want it all up front and they don't want to pay all up front. They spread it over 3 or 4 years typically.
W. Nicholas Howley: Of the $8 million we got, that's like going to be [indiscernible] But it's the first order on a big -- much bigger order that will stagger over [indiscernible]. Yes, and then I think I had mentioned some other foreign orders that came in and those are multi-year orders also.
W. Nicholas Howley: We have little if any interest at all in stepping out the aerospace industry. I would say approaching none, unless we get there by mistake or something. I would say, as we sit here now, we're not -- we don't know that we feel the need to get very far outside of our proprietary envelope definition. That's not a hard black and white line. It has to be a lot of proprietary content, whether a lot means 92 or 81 or 75, I'm not so sure, but we don't feel any need to substantively change.
David E. Strauss: On the -- well, however you want to comment. I mean, I'm thinking more on the margin side, but however you want to go after it.
David E. Strauss: Well, I think -- if I look at your -- the midpoint of your adjusted EBITDA margin guidance, it's around 45.2%, which is in line with what you've done year-to-date, thinking from the high end [ph].
David E. Strauss: Right, okay. And then Nick, just thoughts on leverage. I know you -- in the past, you've been comfortable going up to kind of 6x. You're at 5x now. Is 6x kind of the right way to think about the high end of where you're willing to go to or...
