W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's just a bit of natural caution, Rob. As I said, if sort of things hang in at the end of the next quarter, it wouldn't surprise me if we moved the guidance up. It's just, after some bouncing around over the last few years, we tend to believe that one data point doesn't – isn't enough to move on yet. But there's nothing quirky about it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. Rob, as you obviously – when I say we're active, we're active sort of I guess running around in circles or on a treadmill because we didn't close anything. But I mean, the same – it's the same kind of stuff. Proprietary businesses is what we're looking at. We have two or three or four we've been quite active in, but not substantively different than our patterns in the past.
W. Nicholas Howley: This is Nick, Matt. Not in a – I mean, if it is, it's too soon to tell. I suspect – I think that's probably slicing it too thin. I think people by and large make the decisions for sort of more macro issues than that, but it's too soon to tell. But I'd be very surprised.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I mean I can tell you where we stand, which is, we really – there's no great progress going forward. We're in periodic discussions. The contract runs out at the end – Kevin, I want to say calendar year 2018.
W. Nicholas Howley: Calendar year 2018, right? Not fiscal year 2018. I suspect there'll be little to report until we get very close to that. And we will still have the issue; if you recall, they typically conclude with a mutual confidentiality agreement which says you can't report a lot anyway.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I think, as the year progresses, we'll get more visibility on backlog, orders, business, as it splits out. There's a lot that the teams are working on, on retrofits and fleet upgrades that continues to be promising. So, time will tell as the orders are booked and placed. But there's a lot of activity. I think it's probably safe to say, I mean, we gave some rough guidance in the beginning of the year. We really don't see any need to change that now.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I think, Kevin, we don't know that we can draw any conclusion versus our year yet other than it's – you got to look at it as a positive rather than – it's a kind of a favorable data point.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. The bookings – we didn't talk about it. The bookings are – we didn't give a specific number. But the bookings are coming in ahead of the revenues...
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think the tax reform changes my view on that. I mean, the fundamental question – the fundamental issue there is that debt is very substantially cheaper than equity on an after-tax basis. And to the extent you're comfortable carrying it, which a business like this should with its stability you ought to be very biased on the debt side, if you want to maximize the equity return. I don't think the tax law changes that. I think it's a fairly small tweak in the calculus there. What was the other question? On the leverage level, I would say, as a practical matter, in the marketplace, you've been limited to around seven times in the last probably year or so. That may be loosening up a little bit, but it's too soon to tell.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I don't think my thoughts have changed from all the things I've shared with people. As you know, I have a contract that runs out through 2019, and that contemplates at some point I would transition into a role like, say, an Executive Chairman that would be probably maintain a reasonable amount of responsibility for capital allocation, M&A activity and things like that. I don't think my thoughts have changed on that. I'm in no hurry to get out of here and no hurry to disengage.
W. Nicholas Howley: What I said is across the industry. What I said is, last year, we went through a road show and also posted it up on our website a look at the organic growth across the industry and for ourselves, and we concluded that, over the last five years, if you strip out price, the commercial aftermarket in total growth was de minimis. I guess that's what you're referring to.
W. Nicholas Howley: It was the underlying real growth and we saw that across the whole industry when we went through all the public comps of our competitors. I would say 10% is obviously better than that. The prices aren't up 10%. So that's obviously is real growth. And are we a little wary because of the volatility in the last three or four years? Yeah, we are. Hopefully, that's not to say that we would very much like to be wrong, and I think we feel quite comfortable with our guidance. And as I said, if it hangs in pretty well, it wouldn't surprise me if we bumped it up next quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: But we're reticent – as we said at the beginning of the year, unless our guidance changes outside of the ranges, we're going to stick with our original guidance until we think we have a material change.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't – you know, by the time that dribbles down to our level of buy, it's awful hard to see. I would be surprised if we see much.
Kevin M. Stein: Yeah. I'll lump that all into a wide-body opportunities pushing to the left and slow down some of the startup. So, the answer is, yes, across the board to the wide-body. Again, on that OEM side, we're not seeing any change in chipset content. So, the opportunities we have continue to grow and expand. It's just timing related. That's what we see so far.
Kevin M. Stein: Well, we don't want to – I was just trying to give you guys some color. We don't want to go through what we presented last year with all the details for the submarkets. It is up nicely. It's not unlike I think the demand in the industry. You've seen the FTK's freight tons shipped metrics out there that continue to grow. I think 2017 expanded at 9%. I can't tie our freight business to that, but just to say that there is both in the metrics and from what other folks are reporting, there's strength in the freight sector and we have seen it in our orders and shipments.
Kevin M. Stein: Yeah. Sure. So, it's a good question. Our profitability was up close to 1% year-over-year. I know that, with the 10% growth in aftermarket, some would feel that maybe it should be higher. As we look through it, the shipments that we had, we were impacted by some margin softness on the defense side that lowered our margins as a whole business. Specifically, I look to the parachute business that we have; our Airborne businesses in North America and Europe. Certainly, we've seen some lumpiness in shipments and that has impacted some margins a bit across the business. Beyond the shipments that we had available to us we shipped, that's the only thing that I can see that might explain or does explain the somewhat lower margin than we would have expected. Some headwinds on the defense side of the business specific to our parachute business, which we've seen in the past can be extremely lumpy and that came to pass this Q1 as well. Now, for the year, in those businesses, I think we still feel confident in our plans. That's just what we saw in the first quarter.
Kevin M. Stein: Yeah that's right. Good point. So, we have a first half and a second half ramp that is not unusual for us, getting close to the 50%, which is in our full year margin guidance. It's ramping over the year as per usual. I don't think there's any concern that we have that there is anything impacting us there.
Kevin M. Stein: I don't think it changes it at all. I mean, we go through the same math we always go through, maybe you pay a little net more for interest, but on the other hand, you pay less taxes in total. I doubt if it has any material impact.
Kevin M. Stein: Nothing that I can put my finger on. No changes in chipset content. No change to sole source position. No changes. It's very clear as I look across the business, there's really nothing to report there.
Kevin M. Stein: I would say we're not seeing any activity there that is any different from the past. Nothing that I'm aware of.
Kevin M. Stein: Let me try – at least, I'll just answer the cash. And, Jim, you can answer the rest of it. I think, as we said, we expect $20 million extra cash this year in 2018. So, that's one clear benefit. And, Jim, do you want...
Kevin M. Stein: So, you asked a few things there. Let me – just to – for the split of OEM and aftermarket for defense business, it about splits like the rest of our business, 40%, 60%; 45%, 55% about on with the rest of the business of OEM being slightly less than the aftermarket.
Kevin M. Stein: Well, I do that because sometimes we give more – we try to give some bookings guidance and there's always confusion about when that will come in. We book – we allow our businesses to place orders that – or put orders into the booking system that are due in the next two years. So, on the defense side, you have a lot more planning into the future on both the OEM and aftermarket side. So, I was cautious that I wouldn't expect Q2 to go up some dramatic number. We're confident with our guidance on the defense side, and we see the opportunities coming in and the order book seems to support that. That's – it's just caution as well as the timing of defense orders and when they're due to be shipped.
Kevin M. Stein: We use distributors significantly in aftermarket. That is something that I think will continue. We always evaluate our relations on a business unit by business unit. But as a company, TransDigm, we do not direct our business units what to do. They have that local autonomy that we encourage as a key part of our culture. So, they make decisions on what's best for their business. The major distributors that we track and sometimes report on, they only make up 25% to 30% of our business. So, we already take a considerable amount of our aftermarket business direct. So, moving distributors is a small part of the aftermarket business and is really up to the individual business units to decide on. That's what we see and how we drive the business.
Kevin M. Stein: No. Generally speaking, provisioning – initial provisioning is not a significant piece for us. And so, we don't see provisioning as a headwind or a tailwind to any given quarter or year.
Kevin M. Stein: It's largely spread across our business units as well. In the past, we had called out a unit here or there that had significant bookings in a quarter, and that's not been the case. It is nicely spread both on the bookings and shipments across all of our business units – or most of our business units, I should say. And so, it's nicely spread. It's not due to one program or one product or one company.
Kevin M. Stein: I don't -- I can't really assess that. I don't see whether there's any being particular impact us to that. Embraer is one of many customers for airplanes, not disproportionately large or small.
Kevin M. Stein: I think probably is always risky, but I'll say it anyway. I think we – our content with Canadair is larger than our content in Embraer. Just to put it into context. But Embraer is a good...
Kevin M. Stein: I think you saw the quarter. I would say – and I just want to emphasize, one quarter – one data point doesn't make a trend. But, obviously, what we saw in the first quarter, we view it as a positive.
Kevin M. Stein: I also think as we went through this last year, I don't think this is something that changes rapidly. This age of the – this aircraft over percent (53:48) less than five years and over five years, that doesn't make a step change that sort of a gradual thing is it changes. It'll change fastest if the production rates drop off, that doesn't mean we're cheerleading for production rates to drop off. But, just mathematically, that'll happen. But I think you have to look at the first quarter as a good data point.
Kevin M. Stein: I think we gave you the guidance for the year and I think we're telling you is that's the guidance we continue to stick with. If we see – if we get more data points that would make us think differently, then we'd likely adjust it, but as of right now, I think we're comfortable just staying with it.
Kevin M. Stein: But the truth is that's going to dribble its way, way down the waterfall before it gets to our waters.
Kevin M. Stein: I don't see much change at least now. If you made some assumptions, it's going to be a substantive dislocation in defense spending and we start to see that, but I don't see people saying that.
Kevin M. Stein: We'd – I would say we just have to evaluate that, as the situation comes up. I'm very, very to speculate on what we're doing in different capital market conditions until we see them.
Kevin M. Stein: As of right now, interestingly enough, though the LIBOR is rising, essentially the spread on our debt for variable debt is dropping.
