Nick Howley: Good morning. Thanks, everybody, for calling in. As usual, I'll start off with a quick overview of our strategy, a few comments about the quarter, and then Kevin and Mike will expand and give more color. To reiterate, we're unique in the industry in both the consistency of our strategy in good and bad times as well as our steady focus on intrinsic shareholder value creation through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize, here are some of the reasons why we believe this. About 90% of our sales are generated by proprietary products and over 3/4 of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which generally have significantly higher margins and over any extended period of time have typically provided relative stability in the downturns. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a second -- a simple, well-proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system closely aligned with our shareholders. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit this strategy and where we see a clear path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and allocation of our capital are key parts of our value creation methodology. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as careful allocation of our capital. As you saw from our earnings release, we had another decent quarter considering the environment. We see a bit more light at the end of the tunnel, but are still in a pretty tough commercial aerospace market environment. On a positive note, we saw another significant sequential increase in quarterly commercial aftermarket bookings in Q2. This is the second quarter in a row with a significant step-up. The stalling of the air travel recovery that concerned us last quarter, those still spotty looks somewhat better now but may have pushed a ramp-up a quarter or so out. The two most important operating items we have focused on through this downturn were on the things we can, to some degree, control: one, tightly managing our cost, and I think we have this well in hand. Second, assuring substantial liquidity and this also seems well in hand. Absent some large additional dislocation or shutdown, we should come out of this with substantial firepower. We continue to look at possible M&A opportunities and are always attentive to our allocation. Both the M&A and the capital markets are always difficult to predict, and especially so in times like these. But in Q2, we acquired the Cobham Aero Connectivity business for an enterprise value of $965 million. On the divestiture front, in the last 60 days, we signed agreements to sell three additional less proprietary and mostly defense businesses for about $240 million. Collectively, these businesses have revenues of roughly $180 and EBITDA margins in the low 20%. We expect to receive all the proceeds in Q3. We still have one primarily defense business that we are currently considering for sale. At this time, I do not anticipate that we will make any significant dividend or share buybacks for the next three or four quarters or at least until the commercial market show stronger signs of a rebound, and our leverage level settles down a bit, but we'll keep watching and see if our view changes over time. We believe we are about as well positioned as we can be right now, and we'll watch for market developments and react accordingly. And now let me hand it over to Kevin to review our performance.
Nick Howley: I would sure hope so, Carter. I would sure hope so. I'd be surprised -- I see a lot of it in '22, just on the same -- maybe you get lucky and something comes along. But I'd say again, probably if you don't have a reason to sell and you have a good commercial business, you're probably not. Now there could be things that are attractive enough and get close enough to the edge that we're willing to pay a little more to try and make them happen. But that's very -- I just can't predict that right now.
Nick Howley: I mean, all I'd add is there, to your point on the commercial environment, they're very frequently intertwined and very similar products. It's not that they're severable from and they're very close to the same product in many situations, if not the exact same product.
Nick Howley: Yes, I can try this. I would say, you never say, never, but we would be -- it would be a significant hurdle for us to get over. I mean we have a very strong preference to stick to our knit.
Nick Howley: Yes. Yes. I think it's the best way I'd answer it. It would be a very high hurdle, but you never say, never.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters for the quarter and then also the full fiscal year. For the quarter, organic growth was negative 20%, driven by the declines in our commercial end markets and despite some healthy defense growth in the quarter. I won't rehash the results for revenue, EBITDA and EPS, as you can see all of that info in the press release. On taxes, our expectation for the full year is unchanged. That is, we still anticipate our GAAP cash and adjusted rates to be in the 18% to 22% range. Regarding tax rates out beyond FY '21, we're monitoring potential changes in the U.S. tax code under the new administration, and we'll provide some guidance on our future rate expectations once any legislation is finalized. On interest expense, we now expect the full year charge to be $1.06 billion, reduced from prior guidance primarily for the refinancing activity completed this year. You can find this revised interest expense guidance and then a few other updated financial assumptions on Slide 6 of today's supplemental presentation. Moving over to cash and liquidity. We had another quarter of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as our EBITDA is defined less cash interest payments, cash CapEx and cash taxes, was roughly $146 million. For the full fiscal year, we expect to continue running free cash flow positive as we define this metric. In line with our prior November guidance, we still expect this amount to be in the $800 million area, maybe a little better for our fiscal '21. We ended the second quarter with $4.1 billion of cash, down from $4.9 billion at last quarter's end. Note that last quarter's $4.9 billion balance was prior to the Cobham acquisition for an enterprise value of $965 million that closed on January 5. Pro forma for the closing of this acquisition, our Q2 net debt to LTM EBITDA ratio was 8.2x. With our last pre-COVID quarter now having rolled out of the LTM EBITDA computation, we believe that the net debt-to-EBITDA ratio as of our second quarter end is at or very close to its peak. In subsequent quarters, it should at worst remain relatively stable, but more likely start to show gradual improvement as our commercial end markets rebound. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed commercial environment for quite some time. Lastly, and shifting gears from financial matters, I'd like to provide a quick update on our ongoing U.S. DoD IG audit. We've been actively engaged with the IG office with some ebbs and flows and continue to work through the audit process. And our best assessment and based upon what we see, this ongoing audit appears to be similar in scope to our prior audits. While it's difficult to know exactly when a final report could be issued publicly, we expect that this might happen sometime during Q3 or Q4 of our fiscal '21. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: Yes. Now as we've mentioned a couple of times in the past, until we see a couple more months and quarters of recovery here, I think the bias is just to be conservative with the cash and what we do with it and hold a larger balance for now until the situation in the commercial end markets improves. So it's not much more than that.
Mike Lisman: Both, the process and then also the scope in terms of auditing and reviewing profitability on a set number of contracts. That's what we saw in the 2006 audit. It's also what we saw on the audit that generated the 2019 report, and it's what we're seeing now as well.
Mike Lisman: Historically, we've always had, as Kevin mentioned in his comments, the defense mix in a non-COVID environment, that's 35% of revenue or slightly less. I think we see ourselves kind of staying in that ballpark. With some of the divestitures that happened out of the Esterline portfolio as well as some of the ones that could be coming in near-term months. We actually weight down on the defense side a little bit when you run rate for an environment that's not impacted by COVID. So we're looking at defense opportunities. And when we look on the M&A side for companies, we look for products that hit our criteria, not so much narrowing in on a specific end market and just looking at commercial and not focusing on defense. We look at the defense stuff that's out there now and size up the products to see if it fits our criteria, and we're active, as we mentioned. So shouldn't keep us out of that market and looking at opportunities in the future.
Mike Lisman: The majority of the COVID actions have now been completed on Q1 and Q2. You'll see a little bit in Q3 and Q4, but at a far diminished rate versus what you've seen these past two quarters.
Mike Lisman: It's hard to say or forecast any kind of result. We don't have good insight into that. To us, it seems just based on the activities we're doing and the dialogue and discussions we're having, it seems a lot like those prior audits. But to make a claim on what the outcome might be, that's not under our control. So I don't want to speculate.
Mike Lisman: I think we track and kind of follow the takeoffs and landing. So I think in time, as the takeoffs and landings jump back up to where they used to be, we expect our aftermarket to do the same.
Kevin Stein: I think the bookings seems -- that seems to indicate that we've troughed, I would believe, but we'll see how it plays out. I don't anticipate any future revisions to production rate down. So I would assume that.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think that we've seen strong sequential improvement in aftermarket bookings. We've also seen some in OEM bookings. I think what we need to see is more flight activity that will give us a breakout quarter. I think we're just starting to see ourselves come out of this. I'll remind you that our thoughts when we went into this year were somewhat flat Q1 and Q2 with a slight uptick in the second half, nothing dramatic. I still think we're on that pace. But for a real breakout, which I think is what you're driving at and when do these orders come through, it's going to take more flight activity, I think. We're just at the beginning of the takeoff, I think. And we need more positive signs of that that lends itself to Mike's answer for the last question as well. We just need to see more stability here, more consistent performance for us to feel comfortable with the future quarters. We know that we book up to two years out on OEM. And so it's harder to predict when OEM orders will come in. Aftermarket orders tend to be more book and ship, you would expect that there will be more good news on the closer horizon. But there's still a lot to be seen.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think it's the same approach and attack plan as always. We are very disciplined in adding back costs. We will do so in a very disciplined manner. We will pass along, of course, increased costs in terms of inflationary pressures. We will practice the same playbook as always as we go through this. I think this will work very well for TransDigm. As we come out of this, we will see improved, I think, margin position as we come out of this, given the cost reductions that we've done as well as what has happened with some value pricing.
Kevin Stein: As what is going to return first in this market is aftermarket and that requires less labor. Its OEM builds that drive OEM demand that drives labor needs quite significantly. I'm not saying that we won't need to hire, but the aftermarket recovery is less labor-intensive.
Kevin Stein: I think it's more concentrated on the less discretionary, but we are seeing some uptick from some of our more discretionary businesses that have seen some need to refurbish planes around the world. I think we've seen some orders and interest from unknown corners of the world. So it's the discretionary side is doing okay, but it is weaker than the other piece. I think that makes sense given that as airlines are recovering, they're more worried about putting people in the seats than some of the look and feel just yet, but we're starting to see that ever so slightly changed.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We have fundamentally looked at some of our businesses, some of their locations. They have satellite facilities and offices that we have looked to close, consolidate underperforming business segments for them. We've taken this opportunity to streamline, combine effectively to lower cost. There's also been a number of, of course, cost productivity programs, automation that we've been able to implement. This has been an ongoing effort. We've continued to invest at the same or in an even accelerated rate in some of our facilities for automation and cost reductions during this time. So it continues to bear out for us.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think we're starting to hear from Airbus of rate readiness, notifications of ramp in narrow-body rates. It seems to make sense. It seems like there will be a hole in the market that they need to fill. We will be ready to fulfill that as it comes to pass. Makes sense that there will be some of that need, though.
Kevin Stein: Business jet has been really robust, both in aftermarket OEM activity in general. I'm encouraged there, although we'll have to see how it plays out, that is it just leisure and or is it business jet use, what happens here. But right now, it's been a brighter segment for us. Now it's only 10% to 15% of our business. So it's not a massive driver on just the business jet side, but it's still interesting.
Kevin Stein: We're not. I think we're really bullish about the order book on the defense side. We always see lumpiness and I've talked about it in the past, APKWS, parachute orders on lumpiness on OEM, sometimes those orders ship. Sometimes the bookings are delayed. We've seen strength in aftermarket recent bookings in aftermarket, defense aftermarket have been strong. So I'm not feeling like there's any weakness, any program concerns. As you know, the defense budgets are coming through right now. And I think TransDigm is in a great position because we are on the capability extension, the technological advancement curve, we're not boots on the ground, so to speak. So it puts us in a good place for the market in the future. So both short term and long term, I'm reasonably optimistic about the defense budget and situation for us.
Kevin Stein: We don't offer volume discounts. So we're not -- in our aftermarket, we don't give you a better price if you buy 100 pieces versus one, generally speaking. So there's not the market drive to get ahead of anything. What we're seeing is that this is not overly discretionary driven. It's a lot of consumable parts that they need. And there's some urgency coming out of it. We're starting to hear of some urgent need, urgent orders. I'll tell you that our POS with our distribution is running very similar to what we see so all indicators are that the business is generally starting to recover, like you said, 5% sequential in Q1, 12% now and an order book that continues to expand.
Kevin Stein: I don't know that we do. Generally speaking, leased folks might -- historically have had more restrictions on PMA and other things. But generally speaking, to us, it doesn't matter.
Kevin Stein: Well, we won't be able to protect against raw material increases. We will have to pass them along through our indices and price increases that we have and the mechanisms. There is no way to protect yourself unless you're willing to buffer with huge amounts of inventory, which generally we don't like to do. We also don't see the need to go really long on some of these ingredients. We have a tendency to have a lot of specialty products that we source from our supply chains around our facilities. I don't see this as a huge issue of supply yet. It doesn't mean that it won't get to that point as people struggle with possibly re-laboring their facilities. But right now, we're not in any danger position on raw material supply or supplies in general.
Kevin Stein: I assume we're making that -- we're crossing some threshold as we move through this now. Defense -- or I'm sorry, commercial OEM bookings can be lumpy. We haven't lost any positions. They're simply working through inventory and the mix that they have today. I'm confident this will shake out in the coming months and quarter.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I guess the underlying assumption we have is that people will fly more in the second half. There'll be more commercial aftermarket activity and a continued improvement. Not dramatic. We have said from the beginning, we had a modest uptick in the second half that was, in our thinking, and I still think that's where we're at to get to the 44%, with, as you pointed out, about a percentage point of headwind is yes, that is going to be the feat that we have ourselves dialed in to achieve right now. I don't see -- there's always headwinds to that continued cost reductions that we continue to look at. But I think we feel okay about that right now as our forward forecast.
Kevin Stein: We saw some real change in the last month -- last six weeks of the quarter. Clearly, the month of March was very different than January and February. And I think that's -- you can see that in-flight activity, in interest, in people traveling, to websites. I mean, there are so many trackers that all of you out there follow that I religiously read every day that show sometime in the March time frame, there was an uptick in activity and that translated to an uptick in activity for us as well.
Kevin Stein: Well, I can't comment on April -- I can't comment on April, whether that's continued, but the -- I think the flight activity and interest, as we have seen continues.
Kevin Stein: Because if I was placing that, I would say that yes, some of it must be for returning aircraft although the parked fleet has slowed as to what's coming back out-of-park until there's more revenue passenger miles flown. So I think they continue to pull out capacity. They then have to get it ready to fly. So there's a little bit of that. I don't say that there's a whole lot of it is getting planes ready. I think it's actual usage, having inventory staged where you'll need it. It's just the return of flight activity, and maybe there was some harvesting of available hours on different planes or ship sets that they needed to manage now. Now I'm kind of you get into speculation.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I'd say it's actionable, the small, the medium-size end of the range. It continues to weight -- the opportunities we see continue to weigh more towards defense. To Nick's comments earlier, we'll see what comes. If there's a big good commercial business that comes down the pike, we'd like to see that. But currently, active as we always are and waiting more towards defense.
Kevin Stein: Yes, there's not a lot of color I can offer on that, except that we're delivering on the order book of today, which is, as you know, is more slanted to narrow-bodies right now. Yes, I don't have a lot of insight there as to whether one ship set is in a better inventory position or anything like that. I just don't have that color.
Kevin Stein: Probably later in the fall, if they were going to go for a 2022 rate change, it's usually six months or so ahead of time, I think.
Kevin Stein: I mean, we consider looking at it. Of course. I mean, we have the capital to deploy, and we'd like to be out there putting it to putting it to work, but we can't make those things happen. So we remain at the ready to take advantage of it if the opportunity happens.
Kevin Stein: I say, I'll take this one. And Nick, you can jump in. I think these are still great businesses, core businesses. This is part of the process of doing work with the government. You have to go through this process. The U.S. is a military DoD fantastic customer. We understand that they are trying to get the best deal for their constituents as well. So it's a natural part of the process. I don't think we are afraid of it. We've spent more time integrating into it. We now have regular reviews and meetings with the DoD, the DLA. We're very connected, and it's very different today than 5, 10 years ago in terms of our connection. So if your question is, will we eventually want to get rid of these businesses because of the nuisance of military, I don't see that happening yet at all. These are still great businesses, core to us. These are products developed in a commercial environment. These are fantastic products and businesses for us.
Kevin Stein: And we have very few businesses that are just 100% military. And we've been talking about some of those and offloading some of those from the Esterline side of the house. So we continue to look at this and work on it.
Kevin Stein: I guess -- two, there's some new things and then that's continuation and paying for the actions that we already started.
Kevin Stein: And we're never done looking at our cost position, right? So you shouldn't ever anticipate things completely cease there.
Kevin Stein: But we take this seriously. We're very engaged. We're working closely with the IG on the audit. We meet with them regularly. This has -- yes, it's been something that we've continued to work much like in the past. So the conclusions are similar.
Kevin Stein: We are hearing of some critical raw materials, some critical materials, some materials that have gone up dramatically in price. So far, we haven't seen any dramatic supply disruptions because of the supply chain being stressed. We have seen prices go up in some spot market buys on certain metals and other components. But as a whole, we're able to pass along inflationary costs, surge pricing expedite pricing. The one area that we're looking very closely at, of course, is electronic components. We do consume those in a number of our businesses, whether they're chips, resistors, fets and the like and making sure that we have the supply of those that we need. That continues to be a focus. Again, we make a lot of what we need and consume so we are not overly exposed, but it's something that we have to continue to watch closely.
Kevin Stein: So we are always on regular intervals looking at pricing our business and putting -- passing along inflationary and expedited increases. As far as the CAM bookings or any color on geography, we don't track our business that way per se, many of our customers are global. So I don't have geographic information. My expectations are that certainly what I'm seeing -- what we're seeing in the U.S. is driving business, but also China, the domestic flight surge there. We anticipate that we see that activity, but we're -- we don't see any concrete geographies in our results.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think because the price that we've been able to drive, I think the new products, programs and the like, I think we'll be in a better position when the volume returns, but we'll have to see how that unpacks.
Kevin Stein: Yes, we're always considering opportunities. We look at the passenger to freighter conversion business. We're looking at a number of opportunities there. I don't know on the inorganic side that I can comment there. But on the organic side, we're constantly looking at new products, innovations to better service that market because it seems like one that is evolving very quickly, and there's a lot of players, a lot of interested parties.
