Liza Sabol: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2018 second quarter earnings conference call. With me on the line this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Skulina. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Please note that we should file our Form 10-Q no later than Monday, May 7, and also will be found on our website. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that the statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC, which will be available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We would also like to advise you that, during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Before we open the lines, I would just like to ask each of you to only ask two questions and then please re-insert yourselves into the queue in order to give everyone the opportunity to ask a question. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Liza Sabol: Yeah. Last quarter we said that our tax rate is going to be with the impact of tax reform, somewhere a little bit higher than the statutory rate of 21%. We didn't give an exact range. But depending on – we're intending to do a new (00:57:28) financing and we'll see what that impact is. But it will definitely be lower than what our historical rate had been, but just slightly above the 21% range.
Liza Sabol: I'd like to thank you all for calling in this morning again. We would like to remind you to look for our 10-Q sometime no later than Monday, May 7. Thanks, again.
Nick Howley: Yes. We also have a contract. My contract and Kevin's contract which is – you can get on the SEC website now which maybe gives a little more color, but by and large, Noah, what you see is what you get. I mean those are the issues that I intend to stay pretty involved in.
Nick Howley: I don't know how long I'll speak to investors. I am only kidding there. If you look at the contract, what it anticipates is, Halle correct me if I'm wrong on this exact number, either roughly about three and a half years anticipates that I would change to a Chairman rather than Executive Chairman with somewhat reduced duties. But I think the involvement in capital allocation and M&A decisions type of thing, I would think I would be involved for a while, for a considerable time.
Nick Howley: So maybe just to clarify on that, Noah, just for – I'll give you the – the three, when he says the three, you mean the last three that we published.
Nick Howley: Yes. We don't want to get too specific on individual operating units, but you're right, there is some rate of underlying decay. It's actually quite low. And you can guess why, it's a question of the platforms and there's a lot of military. We think it's a good solid proprietary aftermarket business with a very good margin potential. I would say when you look at this business, you're buying two things essentially, you're buying a portfolio of product and licenses and you're buying a platform and that's the way you have to look at the value. And I would say if the portfolio of existing products and licenses would generate an okay return, but it wouldn't – we're paying somewhat for a platform that we think can continue to buy these small product lines and licenses.
Nick Howley: Let me answer them in inverse order as to whether we acquire more fixer upper, as you know, if something meets our criteria, we look at it as deal at a time. If it's got proprietary aerospace with decent aftermarket, then the question is does the price justify the return, we think we can get there. So I don't know how to answer that other than we surely will evaluate them. We're not unhappy with low performing businesses that meet our criteria if we can get them at the right price. As far as are we confident in it? Yes, we're quite comfortable that we get our PE-like return on it. As you saw, we bought a $90 million in revenue for about $50 million. That's a significantly lower price than you generally pay, but we're quite comfortable we get our PE-like returns out of this and I would think we could exceed that.
Nick Howley: We didn't take them over until – you're into April already, so by the time you get around to doing something and you're past that...
Nick Howley: I don't have an answer to that Rob. I doubt it makes much difference, but we'll have to see what unwinds and how it evolves. It would surprise me if it makes a lot of difference, but we'll see.
Nick Howley: I might just add, if you remember we went through it last year and we posted this. It was running red hot for about three years...
Nick Howley: It continues. The discussion continues. We're moving along in sort of a typical kind of negotiation. I think whatever concludes, it's unlikely that we'll say anything about it as we did before. These typically conclude with the confidentiality agreement.
Nick Howley: I think just mathematically, given the diversity of our products, I don't think there's any one commodity that can materially impact that – can (00:56:32) make a material impact on it (00:56:33)
Kevin M. Stein: Noah, I tried to give a little color on that in my prepared remarks. The largest piece of commercial transports for the aftermarket is the passenger side. We've said that's about 60% of our revenue, freight is 15%. So it's a smaller piece. The passenger segment is performing slightly better than our original guidance. The freight is performing well above and the interior side is above what we expected. So that kind of gives you the color. The commercial transport passenger piece is performing very well in line with our three year average and slightly better than our original guidance.
Kevin M. Stein: I would look that as maybe upside. But there is no value in there for that. As you know, Carter, we pretty well value what we see not what other things we might imagine.
Kevin M. Stein: The way our model operates is we give autonomy to our individual business locations. So they are the ones who drive the relationship with distribution partners and they are free to reevaluate and look at options in the marketplace. We look at distributing a highly engineered sole source product is unique and brings special criteria along with it. So, we certainly look for opportunities and advantages in the marketplace. We have no ongoing strategy to evaluate and move from one distributor to another, but we let our individual sites make that decision based on what they think is best for their business.
Kevin M. Stein: No. It's not because of the recently acquired sales; it's because of true volume. We commented on the defense bookings being up quite a bit and that that we believe would help us in the second half on the defense side and the commercial aftermarket with a year-to-date up 13% as we've stated, it's hard to – we moved it up slightly because of that. But it's not because of acquisitions; it's because of what we're observing in the business, base business.
Kevin M. Stein: I believe it's timing related. We haven't seen any appreciable changes in our shipset content. So I think it's just timing of the changes that have finally rippled through the supply chain to us. I would say that what I've seen on the bookings as well as on the sales side, we see the same weakness in bookings on the wide-body side as we have in the sales. So this is – it's a wide-body phenomenon tied to production rates and timing of programs. This is not a long-term problem for our shipset content.
Kevin M. Stein: There is nothing specific that comes to mind. This is business that's largely book and ship within the quarter so it depends on the need in the market. I will say that as we look at customer or our distribution pass-through sales what we call POS or point-of-sale information, that is up about low double-digits just like our aftermarket is year-to-date. So it seems to go hand-in-hand that the demand exists for our product in the aftermarket and we're servicing it. So this is book and ship business. Largely within the quarter you don't get a lot of visibility out many quarters on the aftermarket side, but it is encouraging. Now that POS information I just gave was, that is for about 30% of our aftermarket business, about 25% to 30% of our commercial aftermarket goes through distribution, the rest of it is direct. So it's a nice leading indicator of what's happening in the market.
Kevin M. Stein: Yes. We've seen some episodic parachute sales in the past. We've seen specific strength out of a few large programs. So I anticipated this question and went and looked, and we have some large bookings for the future for some businesses. But I would tell you there is strength across the board. I think this is coming not from one or two businesses due to strength in parachutes or a specific program, it's general defense market strength both on the OEM and aftermarket side.
Kevin M. Stein: I have some thoughts on that. I think, we look – number one, we look at the peers in this sector, and the peers that we follow are seeing something similar. I think there was a lot of rebranding and consolidation in the industry that drove some interior – discretionary interior spend. It was very strong a few years ago for a three-year period, and then we saw weakness as we discussed last year. We are seeing something around guidance which we gave was flat – more or less flat, up a little. That's the guidance we gave and that's what we're seeing. So I don't have any additional color on that. It is also being hit by some wide-body business here as well. But in general, the interiors market, we're performing much like our peers in the industry.
Kevin M. Stein: I have not seen an increase in second sourcing with our products. We hear about this in the industry as a whole, but I've not seen any change to the dynamics for our specific industry, highly-engineered sole source products. We're not seeing a change – noticeable change to that.
Kevin M. Stein: Yeah. The margin decrease in the guidance is a reflection of the Kirkhill and Extant. Those margins are substantially lower than the TransDigm, and they have brought it down a little less than about a point (00:48:34)
Kevin M. Stein: I'm not positive what changes except that the slowdown will – we will start to lap it year-over-year. So, you will start to see some changes in the comparables. As we look at the OEM order book, we still see some softness due to wide-body. But believe that, the industry as a whole will start to recover in the second half and that we should see some subtle movement there .So, that's all we're looking for. I don't have any better guidance than to say, I – that's what the market would seem to indicate to us.
Kevin M. Stein: We're not seeing any changes to the market dynamics or anything dramatic in the channels that we would sell through to reach the airlines and the end customers. So, no changes that we've seen and I don't know how to speculate on how that will impact us. I just fall back on highly-engineered sole source products that have significant aftermarket, parts need to be repaired, they wear out. I don't see any changes to that fundamentally yet in anything that we're observing.
Kevin M. Stein: I'm not sure I see a threat to us necessarily in that. There is always going to be opportunities in the aftermarket and on this vertical integration. I'm not sure I see – we will respond to it as we see it .Right now, I'm not seeing any changes. Again, sole source highly-engineered products they have to get them from someplace. We'll be ready to supply as the market needs dictate and will respond to it as we see it. I don't know how – without wildly speculating on things that I don't really understand or know how they will change, I don't know what to say beyond that.
Kevin M. Stein: A lot of it is pass-through, and we've seen some commodities moving price and others go in the opposite direction. I think we're not observing across the board a runaway on commodity prices. Again, we are in a highly value-add environments with our highly-engineered products. So, we tend to see commodity changes and then – of course, that is an opportunity to value price as well, as you go forward. But we're not seeing runaway prices on the commodity side driving any change in behavior internally for us or with our customers.
Kevin M. Stein: Leverage is maybe not the right word. We share information as is necessary to help develop products and respond to the needs of our customers. Leverage isn't the right word there; necessarily, it has other connotations. But yeah, we work together, we share information, we have quarterly meetings where people address what they're seeing in the marketplace and request from specific customers that might be of interest. That's what we do. We definitely share information. We're not trying to reinvent the wheel as you go site-by-site.
Kevin M. Stein: We allow our businesses to book out a year and a half to two years. So it takes a little while. It's all program-specific shipments and orders, so it could take a little while to see all that convert.
Kevin M. Stein: I think some of the bookings could be in 2018. Certainly, most of them will be in 2019. That's the booking profile that you have on the defense side. It tends to go out a little further. We will believe in raising our guidance to the mid-single-digit range. We anticipate some strength in the second half, that's right.
James Skulina: Not that we've seen so far. It doesn't mean that it's not contained in the numbers, but I don't have any additional color on airlines and their purchasing habits and how it's changed or not and any inventory stocking. We don't track that necessarily. We only look at the distribution side and of course our total commercial aftermarket.
James Skulina: Let me just add, on the acquisitions Rob, that's not to say that there may not be opportunities there. It's just that, by the time you get them implemented and work through the backlog, you're not going to see much of a dip this year.
James Skulina: Yes. I would say the change, in other words, there is no change in pricing philosophy or targets. So, I guess, you would say that's mostly volume driven.
James Skulina: What I am saying – for M&A – the impact of the M&A there, whatever we might do, by the time you work through the backlog it likely doesn't impact this year much.
James Skulina: As far as the mix, with our margins, it's kind of hard to move the needle. So, it takes a substantial mix shift up to change our margin numbers.
James Skulina: Yeah. We think that's going to get basically closer to where we've been historically, not this year but previous years, all right; maybe slightly better, but pretty close to where we've been historically. But we get a nice bump this year with the tax reform, but once the tax law changes take effect next year, I think we're going to get back to where we've been historically.
