Sarah Wynne: Thanks, Joel, and good morning, everyone. I'll recap the financial highlights for the first quarter and then provide some more information on the guidance update. First, on organic growth and liquidity. In the first quarter, our organic growth rate was 23.5%, and all market channels contributed to this growth as Kevin and Joel have just discussed. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally define as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes, was roughly $660 million for the quarter. This is a higher than average free cash flow conversion for the quarter, primarily due to the timing of our interest and tax payments. Cash interest and tax payments will pick up again in the next quarter and for the full fiscal year, our free cash flow guidance is unchanged. We expect to continue to generate free cash flow of close to $2 billion in fiscal 2024. Below that free cash flow line, net working capital consumed a smaller amount of cash than in prior years coming in close to flat. For the past few years, we saw a large influx of cash into our working capital as our primary commercial end markets experienced strong rebound post COVID. We were obviously very happy to support this increase. Going forward, we expect our annual dollars invested in net working capital to moderate from the elevated levels seen over the prior two years, but pinpointing the exact amount of investments for fiscal 2024 is difficult. As you know, the rebound of the OEM market channel does impact our accounts receivable as customers in that bucket typically have slightly longer payment terms. We ended the quarter with approximately $4.1 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was five times, down from 5.4 at the end of last quarter when pro forma was $35 dividend. As a reminder, we are comfortable operating in the 5 to 7 net debt-EBITDA ratio range. And while we are currently sitting on the low end of this range, a go-forward strategy of capital deployment has not changed. Our EBITDA to interest expense coverage ratio ended the quarter at 3.3 times on a pro forma basis, which provides us with comfortable cushion versus our target range of two to three times. During the first quarter, we went to the market and proactively raised $2 billion of debt, the acquisition of CPI's Electron Device Business, which is still subject to regulatory approval with the rest going towards general corporate purposes. As a result of the additional debt, our interest expense estimate for fiscal 2024 increased by $130 million, as you can see in today's updated interest expense guidance. Regarding our debt, we expect to continue both proactively and prudently managing our maturity deck stack, which for us means pushing out any near-term maturities well in advance of the final maturity date. Out near-term debt maturity is now 2026, and we remain appropriately 75% hedged on a total $22 billion gross debt balance through our fiscal 2026. This is achieved through a combination of fixed rate notes, interest rate caps, swaps and collars. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates at least in the immediate term. With regard to guidance, as Kevin mentioned, we increased our midpoint sales and EBITDA by $85 million or $45 million, respectively, given the strong quarter and current expectations for the year. Our EPS guidance is now $30.85 compared to prior guidance of $31.97. The reduction is due to additional interest expense. Without that, it would be $32.57. As we sit here today from an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via dividends or share repurchases. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Sarah Wynne: Yes. On the CapEx, obviously, we're always looking to add infrastructure to our op units and provide cash productivity improvement, much like what Joel just mentioned with machinery and other efficiencies in the op units to help drive the value drivers. Nothing specific, there's no big one thing in there. It's just the usual CapEx that we provide to the op units based on their needs and driving the value.
Sarah Wynne: Yeah. We're not anchored into a specific amount, as you could obviously say. We're happy to keep cash on the balance sheet. And like you pointed out, we have $2 billion of pending CPI acquisition, which is obviously more than we need to run the business, but we're happy to have that cash on hand to support any other opportunities, M&A or any other investments that popup for us.
Sarah Wynne: Yes. You're right. We had an influx of about, I think, it's $500 million last year. So, we think we're now in a good position so that going forward, we'd expect working capital to follow the revenue. As a percent of sales, barely flat as the revenue goes up as a percentage.
Kevin Stein: I think we're forecasting mid-teens percentage. It might revise up. We'll have to see how the year unfolds. It was a strong quarter in Q1. The bookings are there. We saw a sequential increase in shipments in Q1, and we anticipate that, that will continue.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We're still incredibly positive on the CPI acquisition. There's zero overlap with anything we do. Right now, it's going through the approval process, and yeah, we're very positive about it happening. It's just difficult to predict timing. As you know, things are taking a little bit longer, but we anticipate this fiscal year.
Kevin Stein: I think we'll look at deploying capital during the fiscal year, probably closer to the end of the fiscal year as we sort out the M&A pipeline. The M&A pipeline is -- there's a lot going on. There's a lot of targets much like usual, a ton of names that we didn't see coming. And we continue to evaluate. I think the point about TransDigm is we're incredibly disciplined in our M&A. We're not going to acquire something that doesn't match our criteria of highly engineered products in aerospace and with access to the aftermarket. I mean, that's something we're going to continue to stay disciplined on, and it's extremely encouraging that there's so many targets on the list. Now they -- there's a lot of small and medium-sized targets. Those are the easiest ones for us to exercise.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. So first, there's -- we just have the normal kind of lumpiness within the defense sector similar to commercial aftermarket. Obviously, as we mentioned, the easier comp. It was pretty broad across the -- our businesses. I mean, the vast majority of our businesses actually saw a pretty good increase year-over-year for Q1 versus Q1. I was kind of calling out one business and it wasn't a onetime set of work was Armtec, our flare countermeasures business had a really solid Q1 shipments coming and certainly in comparison to where they were a year ago at the same time.
Kevin Stein: So distribution represents about 20% to 25% of our commercial aftermarket shipments. As we look at -- at the point-of-sale that our distribution partners are seeing in comparable markets is pretty close to one another. There's no significant difference.
Kevin Stein: I think it still is. I don't think it's going to change. I know that there's math involved here, and you got to work your way through it. But what I always say is 100 to 150 basis points of improvement and we've been running 150. Yes, it may be back down at 100, but it's still, I believe, going to sequentially expand.
Kevin Stein: We don't comment on price and volume and split that out. It's kind of difficult for us to assess that anyway. So, yeah, we don't give that kind of color. For volume, what we can offer is looking at takeoff and landings, RPMs, clearly, volume is going to continue to grow and expand. And I believe we all gave you in our prepared comments that we think volumes are going to return in 2024 here, and we may actually then see growth ahead of where we were pre-COVID, but we don't get into parsing out how much is price and how much is volume.
Kevin Stein: I think that our focus on operational excellence and performance means that the pricing part of the conversation is often quite simpler because you can provide products on time to their needs.
Kevin Stein: I don't know if anything's changed. I think it just comes in waves sort of a sign wave. You have periods of time where it's up and periods of time where it's lower. It's been an encouraging time over the last, I think, a year or so. We've seen some good deals. Unfortunately, we've seen some things not work out, and we had to pass on. But I'm not aware of any outside forces moving more deals to the table. It's just the way it is.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, we do have international defense exposure. We provide products to our allies and we also have manufacturing facilities in Europe that provide products directly to European defense contractors.
Kevin Stein: Clearly, I think international defense is improving, whether it is improving faster than the US rate, I'm skeptical.
Kevin Stein: I think on the interior side, we're really just in the early innings of refurbishment. We're starting to see a few of those programs. Again, I think we're anticipating seeing more of that likely as we get to the end of this year and into early next year. A few of them we originally thought might have happened earlier have slid to the right. In terms of passenger, I don't know if we have any specific data to tell you, single-aisle versus wide-body. Certainly, we're encouraged by the continuing improving trends in the international market. So that still lags the single-aisle market, but continues to be on a good rate of growth. I don't know that we have any specific data, I mean with the number of part numbers we sell is it's too difficult to try to come back to some specific around single-aisle wide-body, unfortunately, at that level of granularity.
Kevin Stein: Yes, probably somewhere around $1 billion plus. But not $4 billion that becomes big for us. So, hopefully, that gives you some -- there's no science here.
Kevin Stein: Yes. Our process, it comes -- these requests come from the sites. So our goal is to keep them fully funded. And if they see great productivity projects, that's where the bulk of our CapEx goes to. But I would also say one thing that's different from years past is, we're now doing more solar types of programs that we wouldn't have done in the past. They have great payback, but that has been an added need for us on the CapEx side.
Kevin Stein: I think we're still in the early innings for that. Labor costs, I think, are probably starting to, as you see in the overall market, but I don't know that there's anything significant at this point. It's really too early in the fiscal year for us to have seen something dramatically different than planned.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We more than expect it. We're planning on it. So I think it's not officially announced, but sometime soon this summer, we will have another one. Stay tuned. It will be announced shortly.
A – Kevin Stein: Yeah, I would say the bulk of our OEM business is on LTAs and those continue to roll off and be renegotiated. So that's really a constant thing throughout the space. So yeah, there is opportunity to improve clawback inflation that you haven't been able to over -- you've had to eat for a couple of years. So, yeah, that is always a possibility.
A – Kevin Stein: Yeah. In pipeline of small, medium-sized businesses mostly in hardware, although we're looking also at some services businesses, if they would meet our criteria. It's not always clear that some of those do. But we're open as long as it's within aerospace and defense. I don't think we see the need of going outside of aerospace and defense, not for a while. There's still so many great targets to go after in this business. On Calspan, I'll let Joel comment.
A – Kevin Stein: No, it's actually a blend of commercial and defense assets. It's not only just defense. It's hard to control. You can't really dictate what the pitches will be throttled at you. So you just have to react to them when they come along. Right now, we see a nice balance. That isn't always the case, let's say it is.
A – Kevin Stein: Yes. It's interesting question and gets me into speculation. I don't know if there's a certain percentage that would kick a deal out. We want to be in aerospace and defense. If there are non-aerospace and defense products or business, that's okay. We don't thumb our nose at it, but we look at a business in its totality, can it achieve our 20% plus internal rate of return for that acquisition. Yes, we don't look scantily at those businesses, but we don't want to go after anything that industrial only. So I would guess it has to be, predominantly aerospace.
A – Kevin Stein: Yeah. It's -- do they meet our disciplined criteria. We want to see aftermarket content. We want it to be, aerospace and defense. We prefer Commercial over defense, but the biggest reason is whether they really have IP, whether they're highly engineered intellectual property, that's the key. So that's what we look for. And that's what we screen against. And when deals fall apart, it's because things aren't as proprietary as we would like them to be. And so we walk away from -- we're not interested in being in the me-too product space like everyone else. I mean, we're not trying to build the print business. We want high IP, high engineering content in aerospace and defense that has access to the aftermarket.
Joel Reiss: Yeah. And the other thing I'd add to what Kevin said, I mean, fortunately, I think the labor markets continue to improve, which is certainly helpful. And we had some locations where we saw higher turnover a couple of years ago. I think that's really gone back to more normal levels, but we've put a lot of time and effort into training our folks. And as Kevin said, we've worked over the last few years to put more and more automation in place, which certainly mitigates what the impact of that is. And so I think we're well-positioned going forward.
Joel Reiss: Defense aftermarket was up more, it was not significant, but defense aftermarket did outpace defense OEM.
Joel Reiss: I don't think we have any real meaningful way to understand that. The vast majority of our commercial aftermarket orders are booked to ship. They come in over the trends of they're typically not advanced bookings. And we don't get a color in terms of why they're buying. We try to watch and make sure there's no inventory significant moves, but hard to get that kind of level of granularity.
Joel Reiss: Yes. So, it's not specific for us the comments around the supply chain. I think that's just what we're generally hearing from others. I think our supply chain team has done a really solid job of working through the challenges that have persisted for the last couple of years. Last year, we were talking about castings and then electronic components. I think largely, those have gone away. I do think we're in some level of a new normal where there's more kind of issues that pop-up randomly in comparison to where we were from a pre-pandemic level. I think that too is getting better, but likely that's going to persist for the next couple of years. I don't think any of that's material. I think right now, our assumption is based not so far off of what Boeing's current stated rate is in terms of what the FAs numbers are. We always put a little bit level of conservatism around the number. And I think we think our guidance is pretty well set around what we're hearing Airbus and Boeing are doing.
Joel Reiss: Well, I'm not sure I know where it's going to go long-term. Our goal is to implement our value generation strategy. We think it's a good business. We'll continue to work to maximize the value in terms of any other guidance beyond that. I mean we -- I think we've highlighted. We think it's dilutive, obviously, at the level that it's at in comparison to overall TransDigm, and we'll continue to work to improve the value over a long ownership.
Joel Reiss: Defense margins are -- comparable defense margins are lower than their kind of equivalent commercial markets. We typically offer a discount to the defense world. In terms of weapon systems, there is not, I don't have any good detailed split for what that looks like. In some ways, as I said, the lumpiness of the orders in the defense world is not so different than the commercial aftermarket and the standpoint that we don't get a lot of visibility of an order coming in. We'll get a solicitation, we work to respond. And when outlays are good, that generally helps us out. But beyond that, I'm not sure if there's any more kind of color I have on that.
Joel Reiss: Well, for productivity, this is again one of our three value-generating strategies. Our teams are challenged themselves to work to offset inflation over the entire cost of the business. And so automation continues to come down in price in that we would have looked at two or three years ago, but didn't make sense. The capability wasn't there. Those come across. We continue to look at opportunities to how we resource materials where possible. So, I think we continue to believe there's a lot of opportunity for us in productivity. I'm always encouraged when I can see a long-term TransDigm business 10, 15, 20 years since we acquired it, and they are still achieving as good or better at times level of productivity. That's partly because things that they looked at before weren't there. We also won a sizable amount of new business. And one of the great things about new business, it continues to give you an opportunity to find new ways to reduce the cost of those new products as well. So, I think we think all three value drivers are where we want to focus. 
Joel Reiss: Yeah. We've tried to take a look at it. We think it probably has a slight tailwind for the business. For a few of our businesses, it's helping out, obviously, those platforms that were older planes are flying more. This is helpful. But we're also getting fewer hours on the GTF engine. So some other sites that would start to see some benefit of longer flight hours and those that are kind of missing out. I think net for net, as we've looked at it, we think it's a slight tailwind for the business.
Joel Reiss: I don't know if there's anything significant versus the US. I mean, the US in many cases, is buying foreign military and they're supporting the same. So it ends up to some level of co-mingled and hard to separate one versus the other.
Joel Reiss: Our suppliers to us, I don't think that there's anything significant. I mean we're still well -- as Kevin put in his opening remarks, we're still well-below the peak we were at pre-COVID. 787, I think was running at 14 aircraft per month. And so I don't think, from that standpoint, our suppliers have that issue. I think it's just been very sporadic. We can't get a certain component in, they've got to ramp it up. I don't know that there's anything specific material, but I think we believe right now we're well-positioned for the -- where we are and can support a higher ramp-up rate.
Joel Reiss: I don't know that we have any specific numbers, as I kind of highlighted it, if I was -- you’re asking the same question five years ago, I probably have a very different answer. I continue to be impressed by the ways that we've been able to incorporate. I was one of our businesses in the U.K. last month, and they've automated painting operations, polishing operations, brazing operations. So, I think we continue to be optimistic that that as automation costs come down, as the cobots prices comes down is that it becomes easier and easier for us to incorporate it. and our challenges were a low-mix -- sorry, high-mix, low-volume manufacturer. And so, the challenge is to be able to do automation, but be able to do it for many, many part numbers, not just one very small subset of parts. And I think we believe there's still a lot of opportunity for that.
Joel Reiss: I think our teams have worked hard over the last three, four years to continue to find good productivity projects. And so I if I -- I don't have any specific numbers in front of me, but I would think that we're probably trending better than what we would have anticipated, if we were looking at the same thing three, four years ago. We had some learning curves I said, with turnover a couple of years ago, but I think the good news is with the lower rates that we've had, we've had a good opportunity to get those folks up to speed. So I think we think we're positioned well going forward.
Joel Reiss: I don't have any specifics around any platform to give you. I think as we said, the defense aftermarket was a good solid quarter for us. I think considering the number of business it was distributed. I think we saw many, many platforms benefiting from it in the quarter, not just a single one. Certainly, as F-35 …
Joel Reiss: …continues to supply, that's beneficial for us. We're on effectively every platform. And so certainly, the more things are used, the more that's just good for us in general.
Joel Reiss: I don't think we've seen any material change year. USM is typically not a big factor for us. USM is typically for systems that are going for $25,000 and more, which really is a very, very small percentage of what our products are. And I don't think we've -- I've heard of any specific kind of changes in the PMA world from what we have seen in the past. 
Joel Reiss: So, I'm not sure to give you specifics. I mean the passenger for us, I mean, belly cargo obviously, was a big thing that popped up during the year. Over all of the last year, the traffic within the cargo market was down a little bit from 2023. I think most folks anticipate that moving back up a little bit in 2024, and we think we're going to follow the underlying market. 
Q – Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the things in the M&A pipeline, you mentioned small to midsize? Is there -- is it still kind of skewed to hardware-oriented stuff? Or are you also entertaining some of these service assets? And maybe if you could just give us an update on how Calspan has done relative to what you guys were thinking originally given that...
Q – Gautam Khanna: Just as a follow-up in the M&A hardware pipeline, is it mostly defense-oriented stuff? Is it -- I mean, just is there any skews or...
Q – Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just my last one. In the commercial aero aftermarket, any discernible differences between growth rates into the distribution channel versus direct to customer? Thank you.
