W. Nicholas Howley: I would say the size, interestingly, is all over the map, kind of a small, mid and fairly good size. I would say the small and mid, which is what we've more typically done, tend to be -- the ones we're seeing tend to be pretty well right on point. Sort of the bigger they get, the more sort of dilution you get. That's sort of the lay of the land right now. I would say we've been pretty busy the last few days.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, I can't say there's been any change. The things that have closed around the industry have continued to close at pretty hefty prices.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know that I can draw any conclusion. As I said, our quarter was kind of mixed. On one hand, the bookings were up, and they were up in the commercial aftermarket versus the prior quarter. In a quarter when there's less days so you'd expect, all things being equal, they'd be down. So that was a positive. On the other hand, we saw a little softening in -- little more than we had before in the discretionary items. So I don't -- I think it's still mixed. I don't know quite how to draw a conclusion there. I mean, you will note we are continuing with the forecast that we'd anticipate a pickup in the back half of the year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, let me just expand on that. To be clear, it means low-single digits across the whole company, not in every operating unit. And anyway, we have not -- as we did in '08 and '09, we didn't go -- we have not gone and said every -- we need a step-down change of 10%, 12%. We've just let each operating unit deal with it as their backlog sort of indicates.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say it's too early to know. But I would not, absent some real dislocation, very substantial and more than people are talking about so far. I would not expect it to have a substantive impact on our performance for the year, maybe some revenue impact if the numbers come down. But I remind you, the front end of a program like this, you don't make a lot of profit on it anyway. So if the number changes by 10, 15 ship sets or something, it likely doesn't materially impact the EPS or the EBITDA much.
W. Nicholas Howley: They were surely positive. I just don't know the number, Rob. But surely, we're positive. I guess by the -- well, Rob, it's a combination of what the mix of the their products are. If somebody is heavily weighted towards one product that got particularly hit, that can be tough. So I can't give you one answer. But in general, you're right.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, non-aerospace industrial stuff was significantly negative. Not a big number, but it was significantly negative.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I mean you have to, right, if you just do the math. Right? If you're up, what is it, 3%? Moving 3%. If we're 3% the first quarter and we say we're going to get up in the 5% to 10% -- 5% and 10% range, right, you got to see some increase.
W. Nicholas Howley: No. The answer is I hope not. I mean, the real answer is you'll know when you run one through again. This is a very unusual situation. You did not have to run the normal Hart-Scott-Rodino routine. There was no course of appeal. There wasn't a defined rule for thumb up or down. It was a consent order from UTC, Department of Justice. They didn't have to make any market argument or anything. They just said, "We don't approve it." So we don't believe it's an issue. But obviously, we wish it didn't happen.
W. Nicholas Howley: Obviously, no. I wish it didn't happen. If I could write the script, I wouldn't have written it into the script.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think that's going fine. The -- Bernie, who is -- Bernie Iverson is the point guy in that now and I'm also always very involved in it. Bernie has been with us for -- since the beginning. He has the whole cultural story down. He's been involved with probably half of our acquisitions. He's coming up to speed quickly. And then as I say, I'm very involved in this also.
W. Nicholas Howley: I can't give you -- honestly, I can't give you a whole lot of specificity on that. We went through a business planning process where every business went through every product line, and rolled them all up by market segments and we came up with a number kind of in that range. As we look back at that again and have people take a look at it, and have a dual roll-up and people give us their views, all our product line managers, we don't see their views being significantly different. All that being said, it is ultimately a call on whether you think the economy picks up some as the year proceeds. And I don't know how to calculate that, other than, I think it's reasonably likely.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's more meaningful to look at the total. And the reason I say that is the channels to market in defense to the OEM and the aftermarket are less clear. Lockheed tends to overbuy and sell-through. Some people buy their FMS requirements through the government, some buy them through the -- yes, through the OEM. But I would say the OEM business is more predictable, other than inventory fluctuations. In the near term, that stuff's pretty much on autopilot, right? I mean, they get the contracts, they're cranking it out. It's more of a longer-term risk. So I don't -- I would say the fluctuations are -- what you see are mostly in the aftermarket requirements. And I don't know that I can give you a significant or meaningful distinction between the 2.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't have a good sense of that, I just don't. It's such a moving target, and every day, you hear a different rumor. I just don't know.
W. Nicholas Howley: That's the question. I think that's the question. Yes, so let me -- where we are we listed -- it's right, the impact. Yes, I would say Aero-Instruments and Harco probably get up to our average. I would say AmSafe probably doesn't. As we consistently said, that probably doesn't get all the way up there because you've got this less proprietary netting business. And the netting business and you have a little ground transportation business in there. So that doesn't get up quite as high. But they still have room to go in them. I don't know if that gives you an answer. I guess, if you took all those 3 and priced them out, you probably would come up with something a little less than 50% EBITDA steady-state, but not way off. And if you pulled out the ground transportation, you'd probably get pretty close. But unfortunately, you can't pull out what you want to pull out. You got to deal with what you got.
W. Nicholas Howley: Now remember, we separated out the 787 from the rest when we gave you guidance. I think we gave you guidance of an average shipping rate for the next 2 years of 1,140 -- was that the number? That, x 787. Now remember, the back half of our '13 is going to start to reflect the '14's shipping rate. It's a call for when you think it'll start to flatten out. We could be conservative. We are pretty well distributed across the airplanes and we're market weighted. As I think I said last time, if you think that's a low number, you can adjust the forecast, we wanted to give you our basis. We are probably more conservative than most in when this starts to flatten out. That's on the rest of it. On the 787, I think we used -- I think we told you an average shipment of 75 to 80 planes over the next 2 years. I don't know, as I sit here today, and say and I look at what Boeing's saying, I don't know if that's such a conservative number. And I also remind you, in '12, there were some number of onetime settlements, mostly on 787 scope issues. But I don't know what percent that made. But it's all a call on whether you -- what you think of the production rates and what you think '13 and '14 looks like. We could be conservative, I hope we're conservative.
W. Nicholas Howley: We will buy -- now I guess there's some size at the bottom we wouldn't do if it -- unless it was a perfect fit. But I mean, by and large, we're looking for proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We're not screening them out because they're less than $20 million of revenue or something like that. And we're not screening them out really on the top side either. So it's -- we have to deal with what comes across the plate, or what we can convince people to sell, more than what we might exactly like theoretically.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we don't believe we see that substantively. In the main, not -- this isn't 100% true, but in the main, our parts tend to be lower dollar value parts, and they typically don't work their way back into the used market much. We may be seeing a little of it, but I don't think it's a substantive issue.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think I'd use the guidance we gave you for the year. We kind of gave you guidance on the revenue and I think I'd use that. You're not going to see a material -- I'd be very surprised if we see a material difference off of our guidance driven by that one way or the other.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes. I'm not sure what we have in that for our guidance. You can almost do the math and figure it out, but it wasn't a big up or down.
W. Nicholas Howley: You got the wrong business. The netting business, the margins are lower than we typically -- but we like that business. That's an aerospace business. That's the one that we just got that big military order on.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, the vehicle business. I would say we sold it -- we were out to try and sell, we didn't like the price. We're holding it ourselves. We'll make that call in a year or 2. We'll see how it does. I mean, it may well be that as we improve it, it's worth more as far as TransDigm than it is to sell, then we'll deal with that. I mean, we wouldn't sell it just to sell it, just because we didn't like the picture in our annual report. It's clearly not a business that we're -- we wouldn't have picked it, but it's a decent industrial business.
W. Nicholas Howley: It's a relatively small percent of our aftermarket. It's far less than the majority, far, far less. I don't know the exact number. But it's things like our engineered laminates, our business is broken into 3 parts: OEM; repairs, which you can think of like spares; and refurbs. Refurbs is when you decide to redo the whole interior of the airplane. The refurb portion of that seemed to soften up some. And our Adams Rite business where we make things like bin latches and lavatory faucets and things like that. Sometimes they can let them be -- get a little ratty for a while before they replace them. That seemed to soften a little. So that's the kind of thing. This is -- it's more sort of an indication of where the market might feel than a big dollar impact. And I don't want to overdraw a conclusion from one quarter. But in the prior quarter, I think someone had asked me that and I think I had said we had not seen that. The discretionary, nondiscretionary stuff was behaving about the same. We saw a little different in the quarter just completed.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. We think -- the distributors, we know pretty well. And we know the -- all the big ones, we know the inventory levels. In general, with puts and takes across product lines. In general, they are in pretty good shape based on the level of outflows that are going on now. So it doesn't seem to be there. They are seeing the same thing we are seeing, that airlines seem to be buying less than they believe their underlying demand, which indicates there had been some in your [indiscernible] or inventory drawdowns. But not at distribution, we don't believe.
W. Nicholas Howley: The answer is I don't know. As I said in the last conference call, Boeing has begun to ask for it on new contracts. How successful they've been, I don't know. That's about the only place that we have seen it. And we'll see how that unwinds over time. Generally, I would say, if it is not a substantive percent, and you'd probably just pass it on. But so far, we haven't had to deal with it or we haven't had to deal with anything yet concluded on it.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know, probably the next generation. But the truth is, it's sort of when will something happen that hasn't happened yet. I mean, I would guess next generations may be, but the truth is I don't know.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't -- I mean, I have no idea what we may or may not end up closing. But I would say of the stuff, the cross-section of businesses we've seen or have been recently looking at, I can't say they're materially different than we've looked at in the past. Some have more defense than we'd like, but if the price is right, they could make sense. Some are all after -- almost all aftermarket, we tend to like that a little better, but maybe those don't come to fruition. I can't say in total there's a big difference.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would, for modeling purposes, the way that I would think about it, if I were you, is figure we're pretty evenly distributed across the platforms. In other words, we're sort of market-weighted in the commercial transport. I would say we think we've done a little better on the 787 and the A380. We think we -- on the A350, but that won't materially impact anything for a long time. So the best way to model this is decide what you think about production rates, and that's kind of the rate of increase I'd think about for our commercial OEM.
W. Nicholas Howley: We think so, yes, we think so. We know we organically picked up in the 787, the A380, the Joint Strike Fighter, the A400M if any ever sell.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's consistent. I think if you take the new platforms -- and by the way, this is out there 10 years or so before they get to equilibrium or more. When we take them and price them out in total, that 787, A380, Joint Strike Fighter, et cetera, it looks to us like that mix of products gets up around 50% EBITDA as the aftermarket kicks in, which says to us they're roughly comparably priced, if you follow me.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Well, all of our units are concerned, and we are uncertain, it's across the board. So -- and it's been so since the softening in the second half of our fiscal year last year. So our units, not just the ones that have done some consolidation work for acquisitions, but all the base units have run their costs tightly, and they've squeezed out some headcount. Overall -- some are more than less. But overall, they took some out and it's been in the low-single digit. I don't want to start giving exact numbers and have somebody tracking this and that. There's many factors that occur with headcount fluctuations. But the overall point is we've been managing it very tightly, not just at the places we've consolidated, but at each of the base businesses. We're just concerned about the economy, and we don't want to get overcapacity during this tight time.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: 50% of the increase, and the bulk of that's going to ship in calendar '13, and in our fiscal '13, probably 70%, 80%. I mean, it's a big ramp-up. So, I mean they'll take it as fast as we can ship it, but it's a big ramp-up.
Raymond F. Laubenthal: Did we give percenting on the 787, A380, A350? I don't think we did. We just generally said we were doing better. Yes, and we haven't -- the CSeries is going to compete with the 737, A320. The CSeries aircraft is in there. I haven't done a rack up of our ship set content on the CSeries versus the A320 and the 737, if that's what you're asking. But we think we're doing a good job, and we're getting a decent amount of the business we're quoting on those new platforms.
Gregory Rufus: Well, acquisition and organic are kind of opposed to one another. When Nick talks about his pro forma growth, that includes all of the locations, Rob. And there wasn't anything that was abnormal with their trend versus our other ones on a pro forma basis, Nick.
Gregory Rufus: Who knows. Who knows, I think that clearly is a possibility. But Rob, nobody gives you an order and tells you that's what we're doing. But it does seem curious.
Gregory Rufus: You'll get some discrete items, like if we get an audit adjustment, we'll get a discrete item in that quarter. But then, we try to blend it versus our effective tax rate short of the discrete.
Gregory Rufus: There's a couple of answers. This is Greg, David. One is, and we've historically done this, when you're finished with the quarter of actuals, you have one quarter in the book, so you don't have as big a range to deal with. And we're comfortable with the midpoint, so we're going to tighten both ends of the range.
Gregory Rufus: AmSafe was in the middle of February. But fundamentally -- I mean, there's still -- when we talk about the dilution, we're not talking about the economy. We're just saying, hey, if we didn't unlynch [ph] that for the year, those -- they would be that mix. So it may be a little different definition than when we give you the GAAP definition. We're just saying, hey, if we didn't have these 3 items in our base business, the margins would be 3% higher.
Gregory Rufus: Well, the EPS will expand quarter-over-quarter. We don't give EPS guidance, but the first quarter is historically, and this year should hold true, to be our lowest EPS for the quarter.
Robert Spingarn: But I guess what I'm getting at is, shouldn't they outgrow? I was talking about the recent additions as though you own them in both periods, should outgrow because you're applying your value metrics.
Robert Spingarn: Right. And then just a clarification. You talked about going back to this pro forma growth. I think you said pro forma overall was 2%.
Robert Spingarn: How do I -- I just want to make sure I'm understanding, to reconcile this. On Slide 5, when I look at the right side, is that a different metric? This is the pro forma by segment.
Gautam Khanna: I thought I heard you say early on that there was some incremental softness in the discretionary aftermarket products.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Could you remind us again sort of a ballpark what percentage of your aftermarket portfolio you perceive to be...
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Maybe 2 other quick ones. We hear a lot more noise about some of the OEMs going after royalties in the aftermarket and I just wanted to get your perspectives on whether that's something that is a real threat or something that is more conceptual than anything else.
