Nick Howley: Yeah. There's a little bit inventory movement, and I would say we're a little – and the other is the freighter rate cut but everyone knows about that, but the – and we're probably – we're less bullish – maybe more bearish is the better way to put it on the business biz jet market.
Nick Howley: I think what you're probably seeing – what you're seeing is the numbers have been less exciting than we hoped. We had sort of anticipated the year that was flat to slightly up in business jet. As we see our numbers part-way through the year in our bookings, that's starting to look a little less likely to us. Could there be a little upside to that? Possibly there could.
Nick Howley: I think you're starting to see – you have a situation where it ran low too long. I don't think you can count on 13% growth quarter-over-quarter in perpetuity by any means. I'd probably look at it more like the first half of the year, it's up 7% to 8%, maybe it was a little too light in the first quarter and a little heated in the second quarter. But I think the best way to look at it sort of on a year-to-date basis.
Nick Howley: Not that we know of. Not that we know of. And I don't mean to be evasive there, but I think we'd know of them but we don't know of any.
Nick Howley: I don't – we clearly see more activity. I don't know that I can say it's one more than another and as you know, we don't – as we've said, it's very difficult to predict closings. It was last quarter, I said it didn't look very good, and this quarter things are getting active again. For some reason, we see more. I'd like to – I wish I knew a good reason for it, but I'm not sure I do.
Nick Howley: Yeah. I'm sort of disconnecting on that. I thought the second half was up a little, not a lot, but a little.
Nick Howley: Well, we think there's still plenty of stuff. I mean, obviously, just mathematically, the bigger you get, the average size acquisition doesn't move the needle as much, you got to buy more of them to move the needle as much. But I think at least so far, we still see adequate number of businesses, the question is getting them to sell or not, not are there enough. And then – and we feel better about the, as I've said, the rate of activity right now.
Nick Howley: Yeah. The answer is in total, I don't know the answer. I know it business by business but I don't know the answer in total. But they are – I'm going to give you a guesstimate here to some degree.
Nick Howley: I don't think – the volumes are not – in net-net, the volumes are not way up, which means it's primarily the other pieces of margin, which is cost and price.
Nick Howley: As you know, we're always looking at that. We're always looking at that in conjunction with the acquisition pipeline. And that's one we'll sort of decide as things clarify for us.
Nick Howley: Myles, I think it's, as I've said before, I kind of feel like it's a loser's game to speculate on the capital markets.
Nick Howley: ...we kind of make a decision when the time comes. As I've said for the last five years, we've consistently lost money on interest rate hedges. That hasn't changed our view, we'll just keep pouring the money down a rat hole.
Nick Howley: No. All I meant to say is that I'd probably look at it as a year-to-date number, rather than get too hung up on what the first quarter and second quarter were. If I implied it was mostly price – if I implied it was 13% was price was the big driver, I didn't mean to say that. If I did, that was a mistake.
Nick Howley: Got you, got you, got you. I want to – I'm not looking at the number here, but I want to say it's about 4%. It's about 4% is the organic growth year-over-year in our guidance.
Nick Howley: We have capacity. Whether we'd have to add a few here and there, I don't know the exact number Rob, but there's no problem with capacity.
Nick Howley: It'd be within a reasonable range, within the reasonable range of variation. You could see in six months.
Nick Howley: I don't think there's any particular reason for that. It's primarily just a mix of the businesses. I would say that one probably has a little more defense business in it than the other and that may have it down a little lower. There's no systematic difference between them.
Nick Howley: Any difference in the results are primarily just the difference between what the aftermarket content is from one versus the other, what the defense versus commercial content is and one versus the other, it'll make them move around.
Nick Howley: I don't know the exact number, but it was a good quarter, and it was not – everyone's not up, but generally – as a general rule, it was a good quarter for most businesses.
Nick Howley: We think the model is fine. We'll keep watching, I don't quite know that we're as bought in to these structural changes, but – how much of it's just the normal cycle, but we keep watching them. We don't see any reason that our fundamental model doesn't continue to work, at least in the foreseeable future. I can't tell what 20 years from now does, but in the foreseeable future, I don't see anything that structurally changes the fundamentals here.
Nick Howley: Well, anything – I mean, ultimately, as I like to say, if TransDigm went bankrupt and died and all the plants caught on fire, ultimately, the airline industry would find a way to survive. So, it's not that there's no other way to get around it. It is a – there's a significant entry barrier, there's significant cost, there's significant qualification. There's also the issue that we own the IP, so you've got to find a way around that. It's a substantive barrier that we frankly have not seen any material change in. Now, is it impossible? If you don't care about the costs, you can always find a way around most anything.
Nick Howley: It's not good through the whole year, but it's good – it's getting good through more of the year, obviously, each month. And we have – the bookings have been strong.
Nick Howley: So, we feel reasonably good about our guidance. So, I would say we feel quite good about our guidance in total. I don't – we could be off a point here and there on a segment and we think we've given you our best judgment.
Nick Howley: Well, first let me pack up the word fragile. The vast majority of our aftermarket is sole source proprietary stuff. So it's not that it's going somewhere else, it's that the customer either has decided to defer something or draw down their inventory, so I mean ultimately over time. And that's a very customer by customer situation. So, it's hard to make any generic comment on that. As far as our outlook for the year, I guess the way I would answer that is we started off the year saying that our outlook was for mid to high single-digits growth and we're still the same place. So I would say if I look at this half way through the year, we're about where we thought we'd be.
Nick Howley: Certainly doesn't change the way we pursue acquisitions. We're looking for proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. And I would say we don't find a quarter or a couple of quarters' – that would be nothing that would change our fundamental strategy nor has it.
