Walter Nicholas Howley: Just a sec, we're looking it up. I didn't think that was the case, so let me just look it up. Where's -- yes, it's gone up a little. Yes, it's gone up about 0.5 point, I think. I think you're talking about 0.5 point, if we're doing the math, and you're right. But I get your point. We -- about 0.5 point is what we got cranked in there. It's probably getting lost in the abouts.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. I would say it was -- we're sequentially up 8%. The -- it is -- we are clearly seeing -- whether it's the business or whether it's discretion, it looks like we're seeing more [ph] orders picking up. If we're up 15% year-over-year, the combination of RPMs and pricing is not 15%. So there's some discretionary buying and quite likely, maybe some stocking even at the airlines. We know the distributors are in decent shape, so we know that's not moving a whole lot. I did point out -- one thing I did notice that other -- a few other people have announced that we have not seen is significant -- we have not seen any significant provisioning orders.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't know that I have a good enough view on that, David, to drift off of what's sort of the conventional wisdom has been. I don't have any reason to think that '15 is going to drift substantively off of what people have been forecasting so far. I mean, it would take a pretty significant dislocation to change the next 12-month outlook or so.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I was trying to make a distinction between lethargic and wildly active. I mean we're doing the same thing we always do. We're out making calls. We're visiting people. We see proposals coming through. I don't think it's substantively different than it's been for the last 12 or 15 months. But I did want to make that lethargic distinction.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. I think the only -- as I say, I don't know that I can draw any particular conclusion from products other than more discretionary things seem to be picking up in orders, where they were lagging behind for a while. And the shipments rate and the booking rate is up more than RPMs and pricing would account for.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I think more of that, more about the general uncertainty. As I said, the revenues were down some in the last quarter, but that's offset by the bookings being up. So it's a mixed picture. But mostly, you're just seeing a reflection of just uncertainty about the political situation.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. In the third quarter, yes. And as I said, it wouldn't surprise me if we continue to do some of that.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't know. I can't say that there is necessarily. We did decide -- we've used all the money to pay out -- not all the money, but I mean all the shareholder return money to pay out special dividends. This time, we decided we'd buy a little back. I -- we'll make the call on a situation-by-situation basis, but it wouldn't surprise me if we buy some more back here.
Walter Nicholas Howley: No. I usually talk about it in the overall summary of the markets. For the last year, I've made sort of a separate section on it, as I did the lead-in. I'll probably stop doing that. But if there's anything special to point out, I'll try and do it.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Did we change the dilution? I think it may be just in here for another quarter, so it's in another quarter.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. But it's in another quarter and their lower margin is going to pull the year-to-date down a little bit. So there's no reason to think there's any margin degradation in those, other than what we know when we bought it. I would say the Airborne business, we actually -- it is lumpy, but we had a very strong booking quarter here in the last quarter. And we have some big international orders that are hanging fire there, which we can't tell will this wrap before the year's over, in the beginning of next year. But there are jobs to get, we believe. Yes, I think that answers your question probably, Rob.
Walter Nicholas Howley: That -- well, the international orders -- we are getting some, but the international orders are closing slower than we thought. But we -- I mean they're active. We're actively negotiating with them. But I think the closure on bookings is, frankly, even lumpier. The first quarter we owned it, we booked very little. That's the first quarter of this year. The second quarter was pretty strong, and the last quarter was very strong. And we have a fair amount of stuff in the gun sight, so...
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes, I don't have your math in front of us. But it can be lumpy. It can bounce around from quarter to quarter.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. I don't know the answer, other than I do know, Carter, that it is lumpier than our other businesses tend to be. And they can be lumpy good and lumpy bad.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't -- the real answer is, Carter, I'm not sure. We are not -- we'll give next year's guidance when we give it, but we're not planning on a lot of provisioning. We typically look at that as sort of -- we just -- sort of something fell out of the sky and hit us in the head. We're not planning on a lot of it.
Walter Nicholas Howley: That's the way I would think about it, and my sort of core kind of products, my experience has been it's tough to predict.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. I'd just -- I don't think you can sustain a 15% quarter-over-quarter growth. You may sustain it for a quarter or 2, but you're not going to sustain that over an extended period of time. And eventually, the comps get tougher.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I really -- we are -- frankly, we're hitting the territory harder. We also put a new guy on to cover the territory, and we're kicking up more leads. So I don't know whether there's more for sale or whether we're just more attentive to it. I would say it's not clear to me that the multiples are significantly lower.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. That's -- well, first, I would not -- our fundamental leverage strategy, I would not expect that to change within any realistic range of interest rate moves. Now if interest rate -- interest costs get up higher than the cost of equity, which will be up in the 20s or something, we might rethink that. But in the likely movements over the next couple of years, I wouldn't expect our view to change. Now we did stretch out ahead on some of these dividends because we thought the credit markets were so attractive. If interest rates go up, we probably would be a little more cautious about that. But I don't -- a 1- or 2-point move, I don't think would substantially change what we do.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Yes. We have -- I don't think we gave the number out. Did we, on the A350 content? But it's good content. We gave the comparison to the planes we thought it was replacing, and the content is up nicely.
Walter Nicholas Howley: The -- we said we've been able to work through our way on the compensation. It was a little trickier, but we think we've been able to work through that and get something that's pretty close. I would say on the pricing side of it, I don't see any substantive difference. Obviously, the employment restructuring is more expensive there and a little more culturally difficult.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I would say reasonably broad based. I mean, as usual, I would say the European business is not as bullish as the rest of the world. But I don't know if -- frankly, for the quarter, I don't have the numbers off the top of my -- just my fingertips. But I don't view this -- the mix of RPMs, which is ultimately orders, I don't think -- I know has not changed substantively.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I'm not sure I get the question, but I'll try and give you the -- the provisioning, in our experience, has been difficult to predict. The -- we have seen very little, so far, from the 787. I would not -- at least for our go-forward planning, we're not planning on much of that. Now we may well see some, and that would be upside. But I would -- if you were looking at how to model this, I'd primarily focus on sort of RPMs and price and then maybe a little swing one way or the other depending on how you feel about the market direction.
Walter Nicholas Howley: The kind of stuff we typically see, which is $40 million transactions to $300 million transactions. Occasionally, we have bigger ones come by or come up opportunistically, and we look at them. But at least, generally, they haven't made sense on a value basis.
Walter Nicholas Howley: Well, I don't think we have, no. Remember, for the dollar value parts we have, it's a pretty minimal impact. So I -- honestly, if there was a change, I don't know we even notice it for a while. It's a very small -- the cannibalization impact on our sales are very small. And that's primarily because of the dollar value of the stuff we tend to sell.
Walter Nicholas Howley: We have not -- well, I would say, so far this year -- the helicopters were the hot thing last year. The helicopters have not been the hot thing this year, but...
Walter Nicholas Howley: No, but freighters and fighters have sort of picked up the difference. So I don't know that I can draw much conclusion from that, other than it's just sort of rotation of where you spend your money.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I can't say we've seen any substantive difference in one versus the other. The margins are a little higher on the power side just primarily because the aftermarket content is a little higher on that side.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I don't remember that exactly. I just don't. Engines tend to be 20%, 25% of the cost of the airframe, so that wouldn't surprise me. But I just don't remember that exactly. There's other things in power other than engines in that power segment. There's fluid power, hydraulic power, things like that.
Walter Nicholas Howley: I can't say I see anything yet. The market's picking up. And if anything, they may be buying a little ahead of the market pickup. I don't know that I can draw any trend from 3 to 6 months, but the numbers might suggest that.
