Jorge Valladares: Thanks, Kevin. I'll start with our typical review of results by key market category. For the remainder of the call, I'll provide color commentary on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year period in 2021. That is assuming we own the same mix of businesses in both periods. This market discussion includes the acquisition of Cobham Aero Connectivity. We began to include Cobham in this market analysis discussion in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. This market discussion also removes the impact of any divestitures completed in fiscal 2021. In the commercial market, which typically makes up close to 65% of our revenue, we will split our discussion into OEM and aftermarket. Our total commercial OEM revenue increased approximately 13% in Q1 compared with the prior year period. Bookings in the quarter were robust compared to the same prior year period and strongly outpaced sales. Sequentially, the bookings improved almost 20% compared to Q4. Although we expect demand for our commercial OEM products to continue to be reduced in the short term, we are encouraged by build rates gradually progressing at the commercial OEMs. We are hopeful that the narrow-body rate ramps disclosed by Airbus and Boeing will play out as forecasted. Now moving on to our commercial aftermarket business discussion. Total commercial aftermarket revenue increased by approximately 49% in Q1 when compared with prior year period. Growth in commercial aftermarket revenue was primarily driven by increased demand in our passenger submarket, although all of our commercial aftermarket submarkets were up significantly compared to prior year Q1. Sequentially, total commercial aftermarket revenues grew approximately 10% and bookings grew more than 15%. Commercial aftermarket bookings are up significantly this quarter compared to the same prior year period and Q1 bookings strongly outpaced sales. To touch on a few key points of consideration, global revenue passenger miles remained low but continued to modestly improve throughout our Q1. IATA currently forecasts a 39% decrease in revenue passenger miles in calendar year 2022 compared to pre-pandemic levels. Within IATA's estimate is the expectation that domestic travel will be back to 93% of pre-pandemic levels in calendar year 2022. Despite the impact of the Omicron variant, December global revenue passenger miles still improved month-on-month, which demonstrates the strong underlying demand and the willingness of passengers to travel. Countries that reimposed travel restrictions due to this variant are already announcing significant easing of those restrictions. The limited impact from the Omicron variant on air travel provides optimism for the pace of the recovery of air traffic in 2022. The recovery in domestic travel has been more resilient than international. Domestic air traffic for calendar 2021 was only down 28% compared to pre-pandemic versus international, which was still down 75%. As the commercial aerospace recovery has progressed, the U.S. and Europe have shown strong demand for domestic travel. China has been more volatile due to its Zero COVID policies, which lead to localized lockdowns and rapid drop offs in air travel. Though the pace of the international air traffic recovery has been slow, we are hopeful for improvement in international travel in 2022 as vaccination rates continue to improve globally and many of the government travel restrictions are softening. Global cargo volumes continue to surpass pre-COVID levels and it is generally expected that airfreight demand will remain robust throughout 2022. Business jet utilization remained strong. Commentary from business jet OEMs and operators have been encouraging and these higher levels of business jet activity may be here to stay, though time will tell. Now let me speak about our defense market, which traditionally is at or below 35% of our total revenue. The defense market revenue, which includes both OEM and aftermarket revenues, decreased by approximately 12% in Q1 when compared with the prior year period. As we have said many times, defense sales and bookings can be lumpy. This quarter, Cobham was lapping a very tough prior year comparison as Cobham's defense sales accelerated in fiscal Q1 2021, which was the last quarter prior to TransDigm's ownership. This was the single largest contributor to the year-over-year decline. There are also some supply chain induced delays in fulfilling orders at certain operating units. As Kevin mentioned earlier, we continue to expect low single-digit percent range growth in fiscal 2022 for our defense market revenues. Lastly, I'd like to wrap up by stating how pleased I am by our operational performance in this first quarter of fiscal 2022, despite the continued impact of the pandemic. We remain focused on our value drivers and executing with operational excellence. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman.
Jorge Valladares: Sure. I think as most of you know, we don't have insight into the specific inventory levels at our airline customers. That being said, we're hopeful, we're cautiously optimistic. We're at the end of any significant destocking activities at the airlines.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah. Our teams have been very active in engaging with the supply chain. We would suspect that we’ll probably still have a couple of quarters of activities related to supply chain issues, but they’re engaged in mitigating as best as they can.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah. I don't think I have the specifics in front of me. But as a reminder, passenger is our largest submarket. It constitutes anywhere between 60% and 65% of our overall commercial aftermarket sales. But as I noted, we saw strength across the board in all the submarkets within the commercial aftermarket.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, I would agree. I mean typically, and as you know, we're market weighted in terms of the fleet. From an aftermarket perspective, supporting the widebodies is not an issue. The majority of the labor and the higher volume production comes on the OEM side. So we don't anticipate any issues with the depressed OEM environment impacting the commercial aftermarket support.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah. I don't know that we can pinpoint any direct or quantifiable impact from the continuing resolution. I think as I mentioned, the largest single driver in the defense market for this quarter was some of the lumpiness related to the Cobham acquisition. Quote volumes in general, continue to remain strong at the teams. So we're cautiously optimistic that those will convert over to orders as we would expect for the balance of the year.
Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on some additional financial matters for the quarter and then our expectations for the full fiscal year. First, in regard to profitability for the quarter, EBITDA as defined of about $565 million for Q1 was up 19% versus our prior Q1. EBITDA as defined margin in the quarter was approximately 47.3%. This represents year-over-year improvement in our EBITDA as defined margin of about 450 basis points versus Q1 of last year. Sequentially, EBITDA as defined margin declined slightly by about 200 basis points during Q1 versus Q4 of last fiscal year. As you know, this is typically the case for us given the higher volume levels in Q4 and lower number of working days in our fiscal Q1. Now a few quick additional financial data points for the quarter. Organic growth was 9%, driven by the rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On taxes, the slightly lower than expected GAAP rate for the quarter was driven by significant tax benefits arising from equity compensation deductions. This is just timing. Barring some deviations in the rates for this first quarter, our tax rate guidance for the full year is unchanged from what we provided on our last earnings call. Moving to cash and liquidity. We had another nice quarter on free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally defined at TransDigm as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $250 million. We ended the quarter with about $4.8 billion of cash. During Q1, we also paid down our $200 million revolver balance, which was drawn at the onset of COVID in March of 2020 out of an abundance of caution. The $200 million revolver paydown is the primary reason that our cash balance ticked up much less than the $250 million of free cash flow we generated in Q1. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is now at 6.7 times. This ratio is down from 8.2 times at its peak. We expect to continue running free cash flow positive. And barring any additional capital markets activities, this ratio would keep coming down as we proceed through our fiscal '22. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed but now rebounding commercial environment for quite some time. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: And on the second part of your question, the specifics of what drove the remaining 6% decline in the base TransDigm defense business. It's a mixed bag of both supply chain issues, but then also our planning too has been down this first quarter. We knew some of this was coming for us in the Q1 would be a little bit weaker this year. But I don't think we want to get into specifics of exactly what drove it, but it was a combo of the two.
Mike Lisman: We don't expect too much of an impact. When you factor in the current caps and swaps, we're about 84% fixed going out for the next 2 or 3 years. So not a sizable impact as things pick up here. We do factor in the latest LIBOR curve when we give you guys the interest rate guidance, the consensus market curve. So it's all taken into account. But given the fact that we're close to 85% fixed rate anyway. Even if interest rates were to surge by quite a bit, there's not too much pain to be felt at least during the period of those hedges before they run out.
Mike Lisman: I don't think we expect any material deviation from the close to 50% conversion of our EBITDA into free cash flow that we've always relayed in the past. And that's again based on the definition of free cash flow that I mentioned in my script. Overtime, as we rebound out of COVID, we expect to get back close to that kind of 45% to 50% ballpark of EBITDA that we've operated at historically. Right now, we're a little bit lower just given the fixed nature of the interest charge and the fact that the EBITDA is still depressed. But once we rebound and come out of this, we expect to go back to that same ballpark.
Mike Lisman: Correct. I think as we look across the balance of the fiscal year, we would expect a gradual ramp-up in the commercial aftermarket. As Kevin noted, we're a little bit conservative here just with the different variants of COVID-19, potentially providing a temporary disruption. So we hope we're on the conservative side, but we thought 10% sequential growth was a good start, and we'd anticipate that to carry throughout the balance of the year.
Mike Lisman: I'll be happy to talk to that one. We have not seen any material impact from the IG audit release or the hearing. Again, we're touching base with the teams. As we've mentioned in prior calls, we continue to be directly engaged with the DoD and the DLA. And we've formed this working group. We think that has been beneficial to both parties over the last 2 years. So we have not seen any material impact as a result of those 2 activities.
Mike Lisman: And if you look at just the cost -- from a cost of equity versus cost of debt standpoint, the debt even at forecasted interest rates is still a much better way to finance your business.
Mike Lisman: Sure. So first, on the stock comp add back. This is GAAP accounting rules as they pertain to how we do the computation of our stock comp expense and the GAAP P&L. It's a non-cash expense. We're not handing out any more stock options to the management team or anything this year than we have in prior years. What drove the increase, and I think it was about -- last year, we had $129 million of stock comp expense. This year, we're stepping up to a midpoint of $145 million, rough justice of the target we gave you. The driver of that increase is that we changed the best criteria back from the temporary criteria we had during COVID, which was an EBITDA margin and dollar target. And we flipped it back to the metric that we've always had since TransDigm was founded, which is the 17.5% growth target on the intrinsic equity value per share. That switch just drove a bit of a change in the way you do the GAAP stock comp expense computation. But going forward, we're going to adhere to the same methodology we've always had. And again, no increase in the number of options that are being handed out to executives or anything as part of our incentive plans. On the proxy filing, you probably saw that we filed the 10-Ka last week, which included a lot of the content of the usual proxy. We wouldn't expect the proxy to come for a couple of months, probably May or June time frame. So a little bit later than would typically be the case. But much of the content that's in that was released last week in the 10-Ka.
Mike Lisman: And as you guys know, the defense is always lumpy, too. So we're not going to go and give quarterly guidance there either because it's hard to forecast with precision.
Mike Lisman: Yeah. Practically, Kristine, I don't think it will change very much from where we've operated historically. If you looked at the three years pre-COVID for TransDigm, the net debt to EBITDA was averaged about 6 times almost exactly, and it kind of oscillates between like 5.5% or so up to 6.5% and then maybe you do an acquisition or dividend or something that drives it towards the top end of the range. But the average was about 6. I think we're comfortable staying in kind of that range going forward. To Kevin's earlier comments, we always want to leave some capacity there to do a big acquisition if something comes along that you weren't expecting. You don't ever want to dial it up so much to the high end of the range that you're tapped out because M&A is the biggest value driver for us as a company. We don't want to not have the flexibility to do that. And practically, for a company like us, even though we've proven through COVID that we can probably withstand more debt than the 6 times we run at, the markets are only willing to give you so much. So I think we'll likely stay around the 6 times, and we feel really comfortable operating at that kind of level. I mean you guys saw we went through the worst commercial aerospace downturn in history. We stayed free cash flow positive throughout. And as long as we keep the maturities out to the right, I don't see any big obstacle or issue that could come from the leverage level.
Kevin Stein: I don't think we'd see anything that's keeping the pace that we know about. That's really the issue with sticking our neck out and giving guidance is that there's still a lot of unknowns. Omicron variants pop up. I think we're just communicating our planning purposes that we're using to staff accordingly. We hope that it's conservative.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I don't -- we've seen. This is Kevin, we've seen some inflationary pressures. We've seen some supply chain issues, I think, in electronic components and castings. But it's not across the whole industry yet, but it's something we're watching closely.
Kevin Stein: I would tell you that Q1 was strong and the order book was strong. Was it stronger than we anticipated? Yeah, maybe a little bit. But I don't think there's any indication that things will slow down necessarily. I don't have any indication that people are front-loading maintenance work or buying spares ahead, that's usually not the way the industry operates. I think this will continue as long as flight activity continues.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. With the defense surging over the last couple of years, we saw a lot more defense opportunities in the M&A space. With the commercial market being so depressed right now, I think there hasn't been as many commercial opportunities that have come along on the M&A front, but that's starting to change. We're starting to see more of the commercial properties that we covet. So we will look for more of those as we go forward. It's always difficult to predict when things will close. We frequently are looking at businesses and don't get to the point of closing for some reason, but we're optimistic right now.
Kevin Stein: I think they did, in some places, get worse. We are definitely struggling on some of the electronic components. We're seeing inflation supply chain issues on those. But right now, I think, limited to electronics and casting. The casting industry has definitely been hurt coming back up after the slowdown.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think it's OE build rates. Our largest customer still haven't given guidance, still haven't given us a forecast. This matters to us because, as Jorge alluded to, all of our hiring and staffing is really related to OEM build rates. So it's really difficult to forecast that if you're not getting any guidance. Aftermarket, we also feel very optimistic that it's moving in the right direction. We're seeing more takeoff and landings, revenue passenger miles by any metric, it continues to improve, but it is lumpy around the world. I think that's what gives us pause in issuing guidance. It's really a lack of clarity on the market. We saw Omicron come out of nowhere in Q1 in our first quarter, largely out of nowhere and saw it really impact. So it's difficult for us to forecast the future when there are so many unknowns. So that's where we come down.
Kevin Stein: We don't have that split out by different segments in our bookings. It's too difficult to see that. We just look at ourselves as market weighted. And as wide-bodies start to fly more and are utilized more, certainly will have to up gauge our manufacturing there, but I don't think we see it as a concern for us right now.
Kevin Stein: Sure. We always look at all uses of cash. And I think we've always communicated that -- the first and primary use is to invest in our own businesses. Secondarily is M&A, next comes capital allocation back out to our shareholders. And then the last priority would be paying down debt. I don't think the debt environments have changed enough for us to modify our strategy. It may happen one day, but it's certainly not yet.
Kevin Stein: Well, on the margin side, we don't want to give quarterly guidance. We're not there yet. So I don't want to give margin guidance on a per quarter basis. I don't see anything out there that concerns me about Q2 and as we go forward. We just aren't issuing guidance, and we had a very strong Q1. So it's just the normal conservatism in our commentary.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think that's what we would have to get to. So the math will share what -- given the slow start. This will be more of a of a stretch for us for the year, but we still feel confident enough to leave it there. As the business generally recovers, as Cobham starts to grow, I think this will rectify itself.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. It is a lot of art and not science on that. So we do look as we go forward of if we pay a dividend today, how could we finance anything that we see coming along on the horizon? Or sometimes there are surprise acquisitions that come up, how could you deal with them. So there's always a bit of art and looking at what's happening as we go forward. Given that we're starting to recover in the commercial markets, and we're starting to see more commercial opportunities. It may be that we want to be a little more thoughtful about paying out a huge dividend today and looking at the opportunities that are coming. This is all in our thought process right now as we're evaluating what we should do over the next 12 months to get this excess cash out, as I said, some combination of M&A, share buybacks and dividends will be utilized as we always have. You can go back and look at our previous history, we did buybacks. We've always -- we've been very engaged in dividends. We do a lot of M&A transactions. So nothing has changed. The market is very volatile right now. There's a lot happening.
Kevin Stein: It's really a lack of willingness to sell. It's a lack of opportunities of properties that you are interested in. There is -- yeah, there's not a lot of them when the commercial market is so depressed. People would not be able to sell at the same price they could have before COVID. So they're trying to see that things get back to that space. As far as paying up on transactions, I never like to speculate. I think if things match our criteria, if a business matches our criteria, we would look very strongly at it. And so for us, it is staying disciplined in our M&A process. M&A models are the same. We are looking at businesses the same way as always.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think it's probably an artifact of doing business with the U.S. government, the DoD. There are many audits that happen constantly amongst defense contractors and suppliers to the government of all kinds. I think this is part of the nature of doing business, and we have to get used to it. I think that the work that Jorge has done with the working groups with the DLA, DoD will certainly help this. It's a communication gap, I think. And we will continue to work this issue and improve it, I think, as we go forward.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think we're not as worried. If upside comes, remember, aftermarket is more -- is less labor dependent than is the OEM side. I think the bell curve is pretty wide in expectations. We're just trying to guide to what are some of the possibilities so that people can plan accordingly. For us to be successful in this environment, we must be nimble. We must react quickly and that's what we're good at. So I think the 20% to 30% planning is appropriate. It was difficult for us to think that we would have to plan for something larger than that at the time that seems like a huge growth from where we were with what we knew. I think in general, we're less worried about the aftermarket curve ramp-up than we are about the OEM side. It's why it's difficult, again, for us to give guidance without that OEM knowledge plan.
Kevin Stein: Defense business is generally lower profitability. So it all goes with the mix. We make less money on defense. We make less money on the OEM side, at the aftermarket where we make our dollars on commercial aftermarket. So all of these things lead to the stronger margin performance in the quarter.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I think we're not guiding on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We're looking at it for the year, and we're comfortable with low-single digits in defense and we'll see how it plays out.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I can't comment on this quarter. We're just into it. I think you can look at last quarter and see the improvement in OEM bookings and aftermarket bookings. The fact that we're booking more than we're shipping and our shipments are up 49% in the aftermarket. These are all encouraging signs to momentum building.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. In general, we saw a little bit of an increase in inflation in Q1, primarily on electronic components. Not so much on labor, although we would anticipate, obviously, given the macro indications that labor will feel that inflationary pressure throughout the year. In general, our goal with pricing is to institute price increases above inflation, so real price increases. That philosophy has not changed in this environment. Ultimately, with the higher inflation, we've got to pass on some of that to the customer base, and that's done at the operating unit level and the teams are doing their best job to get in front of that, knowing that the inflationary pressures will likely continue to increase throughout the balance of the year.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. I don't have the specific monthly data. Really, we look at it across the quarter. The aftermarket recovery can be lumpy in nature as well, and we saw good sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter.
