Nick Howley: Good morning and thanks for calling in. Today, as usual, I'll start with some summary comments on our consistent business strategy, a few comments on the operating performance and outlook and capital allocation. To reiterate, we're unique in the industry due to both our consistency and our ability to create intrinsic shareholder value through all phases of the aerospace cycle. To summarize some of the reasons why we believe this, about 90% of our net sales are generated by proprietary products and over three quarters of our net sales come from products for which we believe we are the sole source provider. Most of our EBITDA comes from aftermarket revenues, which typically have significantly higher margins and provide relative stability in the downturns. Our long-standing goal is to give our shareholders private equity-like returns with the liquidity of a public market. To do this, we have to stay focused on both the details of value creation as well as the careful allocation of our capital. We follow a consistent long-term strategy. Specifically, we own and operate proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. Second, we utilize a simple, well proven, value-based operating methodology. Third, we have a decentralized organization structure and a unique compensation system that closely aligns our management team with the shareholders' interest. Fourth, we acquire businesses that fit our strategy and we see a clear, simple path to PE-like returns. And lastly, our capital structure and our allocations are a key part of our value creation methodology. As you saw from our press release, we had a solid operating performance in fiscal year 2019, where the revenue is up 37% and EBITDA As Defined up about 29% on a reported basis. Organically, our revenue was up almost 11% and EBITDA As Defined up 14%. Including the dividends paid in August, our shareholders made about a 48% return in the last fiscal year, a pretty good year. Far and away, the largest portion of our business, our worldwide commercial aerospace markets, were strong in fiscal year 2019. The smaller worldwide defense segment also did well. The TransDigm legacy businesses performed well. The Esterline acquired businesses continue to exceed our acquisition model with a Q4 EBITDA As Defined margin of over 30%. In 2020, we will include Esterline in the core businesses and no longer break it out separately. Fiscal year 2020 looks like another good year for TransDigm. Revenue and EBITDA As Defined are both estimated to be up nicely. All our market segments appear to be in pretty good shape. There are some potential clouds on the horizon in the commercial aerospace market, but we're watching this closely and we're prepared to react quickly if required. Kevin will discuss 2019 and 2020 in significant more detail. With respect to M&A and capital allocation, as previously announced, we executed agreements to sell both the Souriau business for about $920 million, and the EIT group of businesses for about $190 million. We closed the EIT deal and received the cash in September. We still hope to close the Souriau divestiture by the end of our fiscal first quarter 2020. We may still sell some smaller business with -- businesses with less proprietary aerospace and aftermarket content, but if we do so, at least as of today, I don't think they will be significant in size. We also completed a roughly $2.6 billion financing recently. About $1.5 billion is for general corporate purposes and the balance is used to refinance and extend the payments on some other debt. We wanted to take advantage of an accommodating credit market and attractive rates. With respect to capital allocation, we paid a $30 billion dividend in Q4 of 2019. We will review our capital allocation situation over the quarter and see where we stand towards the end of the calendar year. Absent any new capital market activity and assuming our recent divestiture closes in a timely fashion, we'd expect to have almost $4 billion of cash at the end of Q1 2020. That's on or about 12/31/19. We also have a significant additional borrowing capacity under our credit line and our credit agreement. We have substantial liquidity and the financial flexibility to deal with any currently anticipated capital deployment, allocation or other opportunities that may arise in the readily foreseeable future. We continue to actively evaluate and seek M&A opportunities. We have a decent pipeline of possibilities, as usual mostly in the small and mid-sized. I cannot predict or comment on possible closings, but as I said before, we are working steadily at M&A and we're still open for business. Now, let me hand it over to Kevin to review our 2019 performance, 2020 outlook, and some other items.
Nick Howley: Yes, I don't -- obviously, I know the question goes there. I don't want to comment on that. I think, as you know, if we have $4 billion at the end of the year, we won't sit on that. I mean we'll do -- either we'll have something significant in the gun sight or we'll do something else. As you know, we'll make some type of return some to the shareholders and we're just -- we're going to delay that decision a little bit.
Nick Howley: Yes, I would say our -- what we're looking for is the same thing we're always looking for: proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content. We're not biased towards one part of an airplane or another part of the airplane or one product or another. If it meets that criteria, and we see a clear path to our private equity-like return, we're a very interested buyer. And I -- we really don't hem it down any more than that.
Nick Howley: I might just add, the last couple of times we've had these, they've taken -- Kevin, I would say, 18 to 24 months to complete. I mean so we don't -- I don't know what this one will take, but that -- at least there's a couple of benchmarks.
Nick Howley: Yes, I would say we're making very good progress on Esterline. And frankly, it's moved faster than we expected. I don't think -- if we saw the right opportunity, I don't think we'd be reticent to pull the trigger because of bandwidth now, where we're more restricted by the sort of value and where the opportunities might be.
Nick Howley: The other thing I'd add is -- the only thing I'd add is we -- as I think we continually said when we bought it, our goals are to be fairly conservative in our modeling when we make an acquisition. We don't -- we want to be sure if we're going to give our money away, we have a pretty darn good chance of making it.
Nick Howley: And I'd just like repeat the same. Going into something like this, when the data is unclear and we're unsure, we tend to be conservative. Yes.
Nick Howley: No, we think of it the same way. The cost of the debt is 5.5% now. So, it's -- depending on how much is or isn't deductible, the after-tax cost is 3.5% to 4.25% or something like that in that range. We always compare that to the cost of our equity on an after-tax basis, which we say we want to give you a PE-like return. So, that still looks pretty good compared to the 15%, 20% PE-like return.
Nick Howley: All right. I'll answer both questions anyway. I would say our goal on the shares is we hope to continue to do this, is to give you a private equity-like return. And we define that as somewhere in the 15% to 20% over a long period of time. Each year won't be that. Clearly it's done -- I want to say the growth in the public market for the last, whatever it is, 12 or 13 years has been more like 35%. I don't think that will continue going forward. And our goal is still, as I say, a PE-like return, and we still think that's reasonable to expect. On the compensation targets, where we -- the 7 -- what the 17.5% roughly is, it's about what top quartile PE funds return. So, we -- and that's how we have targeted through the years. And as we get bigger, it made more sense to look like a top quartile PE fund and that's why we went to the 17.5%. Should that go to 15% someday? I don't know, perhaps, but it's not in the gun sight right now.
Nick Howley: We're not following your math. I'm not sure that's correct. I guess if the Esterline contribution is well below 30%, we know that's not correct.
Michael Lisman: Good morning everyone. Nick and Kevin covered the highlights, so I'm just going to really quickly hit on a few additional financial details. First, for full year FY 2019 and then second, for the FY 2020 guidance that Kevin just covered. As mentioned on our last earnings call, the Esterline organization as it used to exist, including the corporate office, is largely now gone, and the business units which used to comprise Esterline report independently into TransDigm within our power, airframe and non-aviation segments. We therefore don't plan to give any specific color around Esterline's performance, separate from that of legacy TransDigm. During the quarter, both EIT and Souriau were moved into discontinued operations. When you make this accounting change, the results from these business units get completely removed from the individual line items of the P&L and collapsed onto the disc ops line. So, the net result was that it's almost like we never owned them, except for the discontinued operations line. Now, for the consolidated TransDigm business, a few quick notes on how we ended FY 2019. Adjusted EPS for the year was $18.27, up 2.5% from FY 2018. And as a reminder, our FY 2018 EPS saw a significant onetime benefit from the implementation of U.S. tax reform that muddies any year-over-year EPS comparisons. On taxes, we came in slightly better than expected with an FY 2019 GAAP and cash tax rates of 21% and an adjusted rate of 25%. On cash and liquidity, we ended the year with approximately $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet and net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 6.2 times. Pro forma for the recent debt raise, which we closed last week on the 13th, our cash balance increased to just under $3 billion. Should Souriau close as expected during our second quarter of FY 2020, we'll receive almost $900 million of cash proceeds and subsequently have the cash balance of just under $4 billion. We also currently have access to about $720 million of our revolver. Next, on the FY 2020 guidance, I'm going to really quickly give some more details on the financial assumptions around the interest expense, taxes, and then the share count. Interest expense is expected to be about $1.02 billion in FY 2020. This estimate assumes an average LIBOR rate of 1.7% for the full year, which is just an average of the forward consensus curve currently. This yields a weighted average cash interest rate of about 5.5%. On taxes, our fiscal 2020 GAAP cash and adjusted rates are all expected to be in the 24% to 26% range. We expect our weighted average shares outstanding to increase to $57.4 million from $56.3 million in FY 2019 and that assumes no buybacks occur during the fiscal year. Similar to prior years, the increase in shares outstanding is due to employee stock options that vested at the end of our FY 2019. With regard to liquidity and leverage at the end of FY 2020 and assuming no additional acquisitions or capital market transactions, we expect to have roughly $5 billion of cash on hand at the end of the year. This assumes the Souriau divestiture closes as expected. And we estimate our net leverage will be below five times EBITDA as defined at September 30th, 2020. In closing, we expect fiscal 2020 to be a good year for TransDigm. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator to kick-off the Q&A.
Michael Lisman: Yes. We -- it was a little bit light in FY 2019, and that's mainly a result of about $100 million of cash charges on Esterline, onetime items related to the integration. With regard to FY 2020, the way we look at it generally is that we expect EBITDA less CapEx, less cash interest, less cash taxes to be about 50% of EBITDA. I think we've mentioned the 50% stat to you guys. Historically, if you looked at FY 2019 and stripped out the Esterline stuff, we hit about 50%, and we expect FY 2020 to be about the same.
Michael Lisman: Yes, it was $15 million in Q4. We expect it to continue with that kind of level going out quarterly. The average over the next, say, three, four years should be about, rough, just as $40 million per year, more in the earlier years than in the out years.
Kevin Stein: Yes. Ron, we look at it as somewhat neutral. Of course, the aftermarket's good. The OEM -- we do well with the OEM as a whole on the 737. But as a whole, it's de minimis to the business. It's -- 737 MAX is small enough that the noise of its actual ramp rates, or if anything else difficult happens there, would not have any impact -- noticeable impact on the business. So, I think its de minimis and that's how we model this. Certainly, more older planes flying is good for us, but we have OEM content as well, so it's kind of a push.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think the RPM growth has been impacted by the lack of availability of the 737. So, I don't want to overblow that to the industry and how it may impact us. So, I look at RPM, it's close to the 50-year average. I don't see a looming problem in the industry. So, I'm still optimistic about the future for this market as a whole, whether it's aftermarket or OEM. I think aftermarket orders can be lumpy at times and we certainly see that. Last year, the POS, which is a nice forward-looking indicator, that was up high single-digits. So, that kind of reinforces how we feel about this year and why we guided to mid to high single-digit growth in the aftermarket. But certainly, we've put necessary conservatism into our forecast, and hence the mid to high comes into play.
Kevin Stein: Yes. So, two parts to your question. The IG update. The IG, that is an audit of the DLA and its buying practices of TransDigm-related products. We continue to work closely with the IG. I really don't have an estimate yet of when that will complete, but we're actively engaged and working through. It appears to be a similar scope as prior audits. That's really all I have to update right now, but we are working closely with them. On the pricing memo, we have met with the DoD directly on this. The pricing memo was put out to hopefully clarify the situation. We're seeing some additional, we would say, pickiness on pricing or costs or different requests for information. But as a whole, we continue to work closely with the DoD and the DLA on their purchases. There's been a little bit of slowdown on some orders, but as a whole, it hasn't -- we don't see any noticeable impact on the business. These tend to be small orders, generally speaking, and we are busy -cooperating with the DLA on the fair and reasonable acquisition process that is dictated by rules and laws, and we work within those completely. And so we're cooperating and working closely together and meeting with them directly.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I think, really, your question is how cautious are we on the market and what do we see. We've provided guidance that says -- and our order book, so far, doesn't indicate that we're starting the year on a weak point with our guidance, so I feel okay. I know Jorge Valladares and I talk about this frequently. We've been together often over the last couple weeks, and it's something we talk about but neither of us see it as something we have to act on this second because the forward-looking indicators, bookings specifically, look decent, look strong. So, I don't think we have to take an adjustment yet, but it is something that we're actively debating so that we don't fall behind. We recognize that once you fall behind, you can never catch up on productivity. So, we certainly don't want to do that, but we don't want to jeopardize the business and deliveries by making that jump too soon. We continue to discuss, I think, is the answer.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think, Michael, the answer is yes to that. We've seen opportunities on productivity, on price. Certainly, better leveraging the overhead structure that we have in place already is important to that. We've continued to see new business wins in this business at Esterline. That's important. I think one of the most important points is that we reported that we modeled that the aftermarket at Esterline was somewhere around 30%, and that's up from the 12% that was most recently reported when Esterline was a public company. We found that 30% to maybe be a little conservative. It's better than even what we had modeled similar, directionally, to TransDigm. And so that has been a great reason why we're seeing improvement faster than what we had originally planned. But it's a balance of productivity and price. It's not one thing or the other. We emphasize all areas including new business growth in our improvement.
Kevin Stein: I think we define the market very carefully on aftermarket because we understand how valuable that segment is. So, I think it's largely definitional, and we spent the time combing through the data for those opportunities so that we understood our product mix very well and our market mix.
Kevin Stein: We had a strong bookings year in defense, not as strong as the year before, but our total defense bookings were up in that mid-single-digit range, much like we guided to. That's produced by stronger bookings on the defense OE side and a slowdown in bookings in the aftermarket, which may indicate that maybe some of the sequestration, refilling of spares and maintenance-related activities in the defense sector has been caught up. Time will tell.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think we're surprised, a little bit cautious surprise there about the performance. We certainly don't see the support on the business jet side on the takeoff and landing cycles, which is how we follow and monitor the business, much like all of you. So, we continue to be pleasantly surprised by the strength of the OE and the aftermarket on the business jet defense. On the helicopter side of the business, I really don't have that much comment. It's a pretty small sector and nothing jumps to mind as worthy of commentary.
Kevin Stein: Yes. So, I can give you a little bit by submarkets, like we did earlier. We had -- we saw some strength in the freight area that was largely due to 737 freighter. The -- any weakness we saw in the interior side was largely an artifice of stocking packages that were put in the year before. So, we had big stocking packages for some of our interiors businesses and that just didn't repeat. So that will come out in time. Business jet continued pretty strong. Our passenger segments of the commercial aftermarket is right on the multiyear average and right about where we expected it to be. So, the segments are performing more or less as we expected. The freight side has been a pleasant surprise and the interiors is actually -- they're going through a cycle right now. They've recently won a number of international OEM projects on the interiors business as a whole, and that will translate to growth and opportunities for aftermarket in the future. So, I think these are the lumps of some of these submarkets that we see on the aftermarket side.
Kevin Stein: Yes, we don't really talk about it that way. Our value drivers are a constant focus for us. We don't look at it as the journey is complete and we've reached Nirvana. We continue to work these, it's part of our discipline, it's part of our process. So, we see opportunities ongoing in our legacy TransDigm businesses, just like we see them on the old Esterline side, and we'll actually stop referring to it as the Esterline businesses. It'll just be part of our power, airframe and non-aerospace sectors as we go forward. But that's kind of how we see it.
