Liza Sabol: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2019 first quarter earnings conference call. Presenting this morning are TransDigm's Executive Chairman, Nick Howley; President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lisman. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next week and dial-in information can be found in this morning's press release or on our Web site at transdigm.com. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available on our Web site or at sec.gov. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income earnings per share to those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Thanks Mike. Before we open the lines, I'd ask you to just keep your questions to two per caller and then reinsert yourself into the queue, to allow everyone to have an opportunity to ask questions. Operator, please open the lines.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. That concludes our all for today and we'd like to thank you all for calling in this morning.
Mike Lisman: Thanks Kevin. I'll recap the financial highlights for the first quarter, and then provide some more info on the guidance update. First quarter net sales were $993 million, up 17% from the prior year. Organic sales growth for the quarter was 11.6% and the balance of the sales increase was from our three fiscal '18 acquisitions, Kirkhill, Extant, and Skandia. Our first quarter gross profit increased 18% to $564 million and was 56.8% of sales compared to 56.2% in the first quarter of the prior year. As called out on the Slide comments, we had 1.5 points of margin headwind from the new acquisitions, but still made it to over 1.5 point of gross margin improvement from the execution of our value drivers on the base business. Moving on to taxes, the year-over-year comparisons get slightly confusing here due to the one-time impact of tax reform last year. This also is the year-over-year EPS comparisons. For the first quarter, our effective GAAP income tax rate was a provision of 21.5% compared to a benefit of 63.4% in last year's first quarter. To remind you, last year our tax rates were significantly reduced due to the enactment of tax reform in the U.S., and we recorded a one-time net benefit of $147 million. There is no update to our full year effective tax rate assumptions at this time. So excluding Esterline, we're still anticipating the GAAP cash and adjusted rates to all be in the range of 21% to 23%. Moving onto EPS, I want to first point out that the decrease in both the current quarter GAAP and adjusted EPS was due to the previously mentioned enactment of tax reform. If you remove the one-time benefit of $147 million, which equates to $2.65 per share so that you can do an apples-to-apples comparison of the '18 to '19 growth rates, you'd get Q1 FY18 GAAP EPS of $1.95. The current quarter GAAP EPS of $3.05 per share then represents an increase of 56% over this prior year figure. Similarly, excluding the one-time impact of tax reform, Q1 FY18 adjusted EPS would be $2.93 per share. Our current quarter adjusted EPS of $3.85 is then up 31% over this prior year figure. Table three in this morning's press release reconciles GAAP EPS and adjusted EPS, so you can look for more detail there. Switching gears to cash and liquidity, we generated almost $330 million of cash from operating activities and ended the quarter with over $2.3 billion cash on the balance sheet. Our net-debt leverage ratio at quarter end was 5.4 times pro forma EBITDA as defined and gross leverage was 6.6 times. Excluding Esterline, we still estimate that our cash will grow steadily throughout the year to around $3 billion, and our net leverage at December 30, 2019 will be around 4.8 times our EBITDA as defined. With regards to our guidance, we now estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $15.10 and we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share to be $16.76. The primary reasons for the increase in both GAAP and adjusted EPS were the increase in our EBITDA guidance and also lower expected interest expense. However, the increase to the GAAP EPS was partially offset by higher expected acquisition related costs related to Esterline. Excluding any new debt from the Esterline acquisition, we're now expecting net interest expense to be $725 million for the full year, a decrease from our previous expectation of $745 million. The lower expected interest expense is primarily due to a slight decline in the projected LIBOR rate for the year and higher interest income booked in Q1 compared to a conservative forecast. This $725 million completely excludes any interest expense from the $4 billion of new debt we'll be incurring to complete the Esterline acquisition. Slide 9, shows a bridge of detailing the $1.66 of adjustments between GAAP to adjusted earnings per share. In summary, Q1was a solid start to fiscal 2019. Finally, a quick organizational update. During the quarter, Sarah Wynne became our Chief Accounting Officer. Sarah has worked with TransDigm in various accounting functions for the past 15 years, both as a group controller and prior to that, the controller at Aero Fluid products. Sarah has a solid financial background, is a strong promoter of the TransDigm culture and has already settled into her new role. With that I'll turn it back over the Liza.
Mike Lisman: Its banker fees and legal fees for the most part that you see written through what's in there today.
Mike Lisman: I think you probably looked at the pro forma financials that were filed with the bond documents, and it's $20 million and that could change as we work through the final accounting.
Mike Lisman: My background is in the private equity industry. So I think I am more familiar with seeing companies that operate at TransDigm site leverage ratios. And I think going forward as we've shared with you guys previously, we intend to continue to keep relatively high leverage ratios relative to the rest of our A&D peers. But I don’t think my thinking or background has evolved a ton overtime it hasn't changed a ton since coming to TransDigm either.
Mike Lisman: As of 3/31, it's going to pick-up slightly to just over 6 times. But obviously that assumes no kind of cash payout or anything, just to put footnote that.
Mike Lisman: We don’t have any tariff impact in our guidance at all. And so far we haven't seen anything significant.
Nick Howley: Yes, let me address the first and Kevin will take the second question. Carter, we just don’t want to comment on the first quarter public filing by Esterline. I don't think it's our place to elaborate on that. It’s not our place yet to elaborate on their public filing. So I'm just going to have to pass on that.
Nick Howley: Given the size of this acquisition, but I don’t think the fees are any difference than we thought. The fees are what we thought they'd be.
Nick Howley: Yes, let me say, you are right. We have a lot of cash we're building up and we borrow a lot of money to -- and we borrowed and we're maintaining that. I don’t know, Myles, what we will do with that. I would say we would be reticent to take on right now an acquisition of the size of Esterline again, so we swallowed that a little bit. It would have to be a hugely compelling value for us to look at that. But the normal range of acquisitions, I would think we're fine for. And I think your follow-up questions what you're doing with all the cash and the answer to that is we'll decide after we buy. We will take a look at could we get this acquisition close, we'll see what the range of opportunities look like and we will make a decision.
Nick Howley: And they almost always get when you're going to do a big issue and they hold the rating. They almost always give a negative outlook, which says, we're going to evaluate as we go forward. [Multiple Speakers]…
Nick Howley: I think just a couple things. One, we don’t need to indicate any negative view on that, just that we're always wary when the fundamental -- the underlying demand still looks good, looks about the same it did the beginning of year. We like to see more than one or two -- one data point before we change trend.
Nick Howley: I think David we were pretty vague about how we would finance when we announced it. I think what we said is we had a fair amount of cash. And I don’t think we went much further than that. I think the credit markets looked quite good to us. And we don’t have anything specific on the horizon just credit markets look good to us. It looks like they are very attractive source of capital. So we've decided to go a little bigger.
Nick Howley: Yes, let me read the exact quote here back, just so I'm not confusing myself. I said business jet and helicopter OEM revenues make up 20%. Revenues in this combined market were up over 20% compared to same period. Bookings in the submarket outpaced sales in total with strong business jet bookings but weaker helicopter bookings. So that's what I said that. What was the question again above…
Nick Howley: Well, we see strong bookings there largely, or they are in the business jet sector and its large-format cabins mostly, that's what we're seeing. We're seeing some slowness in orders on the helicopter side. The bookings are strong, sales are up but we do see some weakness there. Again, I'm trying to comment, provide a little color on the fundamentals of the business jet. We do see growing OEM demand, large form factor, of course. But we just look for the stability in the market and the takeoff, and landing cycles has not been robust. We're not seeing a tremendous amount of growth there, so we're cautious. And I'm just trying to highlight much like in the freight markets some caution around the future.
Nick Howley: I think in the overall, the fundamental market conditions, so you might -- we thought they were a year ago. And as Kevin says, we're always careful that one data point doesn’t make a line. 
Nick Howley: I'd like the comment on it, except they snapped the ball over my head. So I can't. I think we've given you as much guidance as we can on that. We told you we expect the private equity like return based on the certain capital structure that we've given you is an assumption. And I think that's about the most specificity I can give.
Nick Howley: Yes, I just don’t want to comment on that. I think you've seen a number of year history of our leverage. If I was trying to figure out what we're going to do, that's probably not a bad idea to look at what the history has been and I think that's around where we feel comfortable. But I wouldn't want to comment on what we might do if the situation was right. On some interim basis, we have no plans right now. But I'm very reticent to comment on what you are doing in capital market conditions before it exists.
Nick Howley: We don’t have any unique insight other than anybody else does. We see all the -- we saw all the market data and we know what our numbers look like. And we still feel pretty good, I get it that we're late in the cycle. But we try to be pretty consistent in the way we run the businesses and the way we capitalize on.
Nick Howley: Well, I think I've said, once the acquisition closes and we feel comfortable with it. I wouldn’t expect something the day after we close.
Nick Howley: And I just don’t think I know what [Multiple Speakers] at the beginning of the year, all within our long-term guidance here [Multiple Speakers] we gave at the beginning of the year plus the bump.
Nick Howley: Yes, you're right. It would be a onetime. And we're not suggesting we concur with that, by the way just to be clear. And we don’t know if any impact going forward. I'll just repeat, there is no allegations of any illegality or wrongdoing, or anything like that.
Kevin Stein: And Carter on the A380, I've read the same announcements and news. We're starting to study what if any real impact that would be. The A380 rates have come down quite a bit over the last little while, so effective in real. So the contribution in our numbers is not huge. So we need to study that more and have a better answer in the future.
Kevin Stein: I do not have a sense for that to be honest. I think that it's been held pretty closely. So I don't have better inside there.
Kevin Stein: I think we're looking at all of our value drivers coming into place. It's all of contributions, whether it's we're driving value pricing or productivity, or winning new business. So it's really everything, I can't comment that one is more successful than the other in the current quarter.
Kevin Stein: I don’t have much to answer. But to say that succession planning has been an important parts of this company's process for quite a long time. And we've been focused on adding talent, developing talent for quite a while. So I do not think we're tapped out organizationally on what we can take on. As Nick said, we would probably wait a little while to bite off another Esterline size acquisition if that came along today. But the general course of business flow, we continue to stay in the acquisition market and believe we're not tapped out on bandwidth. It really has a lot to do with the way we integrate businesses, and our decentralized control allows us to have more bandwidth to take on acquisitions.
Kevin Stein: I think the defense aftermarket business is following to your shorter-term horizon bucket. We are seeing stronger performance there in terms of bookings growth. I think we're looking at the guidance. As I said in the prepared comments, one quarter it's hard to develop a trend from that, need to see some more data points to evaluate the market segments. Certainly, it's encouraging so far and maybe we're just being conservative.
Kevin Stein: I think look what I would say is we're just being cautious. We're one quarter in and would like to see some more. The bookings were strong in the quarter, as we commented up 20%. I did commented maybe some of the freight fundamentals were not as strong. We've seen some, going forward, maybe that that will ease a bit in growth in the future maybe. I was just trying to provide some color for the future that it may not be as rosy as the bookings might indicate. The interiors market discretionary interiors, a little softer start to the year but that's anticipated to come back strong in the second half. So I think we feel comfortable with our mid-to-high single-digits guidance around the commercial aftermarket segment. If we continue to see strong bookings, the bulk of which are still book and ship in the quarter, then we will look to evaluate that in the future but one quarter does not a trend make yet.
Kevin Stein: It isn’t, yes. I see the same fundamentals that you see and FTKs cooling, slowing down maybe some concerns about the macroeconomic trade environment. I don't know. So I'm just cautious there that I was -- I think we're all surprised that freight was as strong as it was in the quarter. Just commenting that that's strength may not continue. But I don’t have any indication to say that it is cooling except the fundamentals of the market.
Kevin Stein: Kirkhill continues to perform well. We've seen some improvements since ownership. We don’t comment on the margins or the individual details. But we've seen gradual improvement there as we plan. So I think Nick or I, we both talked about Kirkhill was a nice lab experiment for Esterline and it continues to perform well. So we're happy with what we've got there and the way it's performing.
Kevin Stein: No, nothing is giving us pause. We are just the same concerns about raising guidance, one data point does not align make. So if it continues this way and we see future quarters, we would look to revise. But right now, yes, maybe it's just conservative but we're leaving it as is for right now.
Kevin Stein: I think it's important in this business to recognize that revenues can at times be lumpy. They can be really strong and unexpectedly strong at times one quarter to the next. It's a lumpy business. It has to do with managing of inventories and the supply chain and other factors. So we again want to be appropriately conservative in the way we look at this. Not seeing concerns in the future but just want to be appropriately conservative without getting ourselves ahead.
Kevin Stein: No, actually there weren’t any. On the OEM side, commercial OEM, we did see a return of wide bodies that we have seen some related softness to last year. I think I was a little surprised that the amount of narrow-body orders that came in as well. So I think orders and sales are both pointing to better wide-body of narrow-body performance.
Kevin Stein: On the discretionary interiors, that's our Schneller and Pexco business. We have seen the year begin a little slower than we have liked or than we anticipated. But the order book for the second half of the year seems to indicate that that will be a transient softness. So, we're anticipating the interiors will recover and perform well for the year.
Kevin Stein: I actually don’t think we're going approach it really all that different. We are going to have a focused team to work on it. We're putting some dedicated resources on it. But we're going to use the same integration playbook that we always use. And so we have some resources to apply to it, both in finance as you heard, there is obviously other folks that were able to dedicate to the Esterline integration team, senior group controllers and like that they will help round out the team. We've been I think planning for something significant for a while and putting resources in place, stretching folks, getting our EVPs ready. We have another wave of potential folks ready depending on what's needed. So the succession planning and people development as a way of business is really what we've been working on for a very long time. So I don't feel -- I'm not as concerned on the resource side. And I think we will have the people to put on the Esterline integration team to make it successful.
Kevin Stein: I don’t have a lot of additional color to offer on that. It tends to come out in time. I think the repair and overhaul market has been solid for us. You're directionally correct in your passenger segments of the commercial transport, it was a strong quarter for us and we continue to see good opportunity, both on MRO, repairs, overhaul and spare parts. The outside, the look through sales for the distribution sales, the POS for them remains very strong as well.
Kevin Stein: We have seen some limited supply hiccups. Generally speaking, we tried to cover that with inventory buffers and our own work in progress to ensure that we can survive that. But we've seen some limited I don't want to say that we've seen none of that. I think it's isolated to a few areas, mostly around chemical processing, outside processing, not fundamental across the business. So we've seen a little bit of that but so far we're handling it.
Kevin Stein: No, nothing other than our normal approach to driving productivity on a daily basis, daily, weekly, monthly, it's a constant process, other than our normal approach, nothing specific that we can call out. So we're always looking to drive productivity and contain costs across our businesses.
Kevin Stein: That was not an issue. I did not know that ahead of time that we would have such strong OE, and you'd have to overcome that. There was no special one-timers in the quarter that helped our profitability. So yes, there was none of that commercial OE helped deliver what it did. We saw the increases on the defense side. And on the defense aftermarket side those are all contributed, including commercial OE to our profitability.
Kevin Stein: That's right, yes. And it also takes more headcount. So there's a lot of volume there. The commercial OE side of the house, we have to watch that closely.
Kevin Stein: Yes, we have not seen any change in approach from OEMs asking for anything different than the approach that we always see. Nothing new.
