W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, Carter. Let me talk about the SCHROTH thing, and then Kevin, why don't you talk about the freight after we get this done here. As I'm thinking though, this didn't require an HSR review. Essentially we went through the analysis before we bought it. We thought it was okay. The DoJ probably from someone contacted them started to question it, they took a different view of the way we defined the market segments. I don't know that we agree with that view, but at the end of the day given the size of the deal and sort of the uniqueness of the situation as I said in the restraint world, we just decided it wasn't worth dragging this out, and we thought it was just more prudent to sell it and move on.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I don't – I'd – so I have no idea what the look back rule is. But I would just – Myles, this is a pretty unique situation. If you look at the – if you look at sort of our position in the seatbelt restraint market, it's pretty unique compared to our other products. We rarely see significant overlap when we buy anything. I think this is a one-off kind of thing.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know of any exposure in the back. Surely I haven't heard of any, no one's said anything about it.
W. Nicholas Howley: It has not so far, and I don't – I would say it's probably unlikely we'd try and buy a seatbelt business. Fortunately or unfortunately, there are hardly any out there. So it doesn't much matter. But it's business as usual. As I said, this is a very unusual situation. There's a set of facts here in sort of the substantive market position we have here.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's normal lumpiness. I can say most people I talk to tell me, there wasn't a whole lot in 2017 in sort of the size we did. Of course, there was one big mega-buy. Our criteria hasn't changed. Proprietary aerospace, significant aftermarket. I would say we see more defense stuff now than we used to see. Just as you probably know, defense valuations are higher than they were. And people that had been holding defense stuff that want to sell it are more inclined to try and sell it now. So if you look at the list of things we see, it's probably more heavily weighted towards defense than it maybe was two years, three years ago. But I have no way of predicting whether that's how they'll close or whether they'll make sense to us. I will say the activity, just the number of things we've looked at, and sort of the list is reasonably robust.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think so. I don't think so. You know our requirement, proprietary, significant aftermarket, PE kind of return, which you know how we define that. I mean, those are the big, big screens.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, I don't – look I hate to say never, but I can't think of anything, Matt, that we wanted that we didn't get, that we wanted to go after, which basically says in the last – through 2017, we just didn't see good things of any magnitude that we wanted to buy.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think that answers your question. I wouldn't say – it's not that we wanted to buy company A and we got outbid. That's not what it is.
W. Nicholas Howley: I guess another way of asking that is do you think we're conservative in our guidance, right, in the revenue.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I don't know how to answer that because we give guidance that we want to give, but I would say we surely don't think we're extra aggressive here.
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me check. If you took a book-to-bill in the defense I would say it's up pretty modestly. I would say in the commercial aftermarket the book-to-bill is above 1 but it's not 1.1. It's kind of in the middle.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. That's book-to-bill. And I wouldn't – you might get slightly different numbers in the fourth quarter, but I wouldn't draw much from a quarter worth of bookings. They bounce all around.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we surely, as of right now, we're not looking to divest anything else. That's not to say we couldn't decide some business we didn't like, at some point in the future we could divest.
W. Nicholas Howley: Nothing to do with SCHROTH that would make us divest anything else. It would purely be our decision to do it of which presently we don't have any in the queue to do that.
W. Nicholas Howley: ...there is no bleed across or additional DoJ activity or anything like that that we know of. Of course, you never know what you don't know.
W. Nicholas Howley: A lot of the work we had seen was around rebranding campaigns that had gone on over the last couple of years. And it would appear that we had gone through a lull in that activity. Certainly some of the interior guys were a lot more than others, but I don't really trace it back to specific slowness with them being acquired. I think we all go through peaks and valleys in this largely discretionary market. It is a step-up to go from down to flat to up a small amount, but that's what our teams are forecasting to us. The question was asked earlier, did we change anything in our process as we collected the 2018 numbers, and we followed the same process. We trust our teams. It is true that they didn't see a lot of the interior slowness coming. But they do see indications as we've guided on a flat-to-low uptick in the interiors business. So that's the color that I can give you. We have scrubbed and looked at were there any changes in market share, did someone cleanup at our expense, and there is no real indication that anything like that happened. It's just the particular customers that we worked with, that we generally work with, didn't have as many of these general marketing campaign changes to their fleets.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think the reason it's pushing up 50%, it's been there very close to that before is because we didn't buy much in 2017. And it'll grind up there, it'll pick-up, or I don't know, if the mix stays the same, there is no mix shift or something like that, you'll pickup a point or so a year. It's unusual that we don't buy something and it sort of averages it down.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, 2017 there isn't enough to move the needle at all. So we bought a couple of – three relatively small product lines. They're all go along fine, but they're going to be irrelevant to the overall margin. The 2016 businesses are all marching along nicely against their acquisition plan. But I don't quite know how to answer the question. I would say if you take those businesses out, which is primarily Breeze and DDC, they're still marching along very nicely against their plan. And we see no reason to think they won't get to where we planned them. I think DDC, as we said when we bought it as a company that's margins look like TransDigm margins as it stabilizes out, Breeze may not get quite that far up, and all the rest of the businesses, if you run the businesses with the value drivers and the way we do in total, they move about a 1 point a year.
W. Nicholas Howley: We have not come across any. We've not had any attempts to take our IP or anything like that. We would be extremely resistant to that. In the aftermarket, we so far – we haven't seen much. We read the same things you read. We haven't seen a lot. Now, we – for Boeing's aftermarket, we're a fairly significant customer to them for their Aviall distribution business. So, we – they get some contribution that way from us.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think, we just look at buybacks. We look at them just like an acquisition opportunity. I mean, if it's -- if it's somewhat close call against an acquisition, we'd probably make the acquisition. But when they become a shreakingly good buy what they did earlier this year, I think, we bought $400 million-ish, sorry,$400 million-ish.
W. Nicholas Howley: Rob, if we were in the blackout period and we were stuck with our 10b5filing,we'd probably have bought twice that much, if we could have. It's a capital allocation investment decision for us.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, as you know, we started down a – or not we – the IG audit. There is an IG audit of the buying agencies, which is pretty common in the industry. If you – it's on the website, almost everybody in the industry gets one of these every few years. That's just moving down the track. They take a long time to complete, and it's just sort of slowly moving along.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, we have a – well, I guess, it's the first time we have read something that needed to be in a Hart-Scott-Rodino filing and back into question. We had one stop on a buy from Goodrich about three years or four years ago.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. But we don't – it was stopped by the DOJ, but that we don't – frankly we don't quite know why, but it was. This was probably five years ago.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I mean, we have our own view of when we should be buying. You see something like, you see the kind of things we saw early in the year. And we bought a bunch of stock at $220 or $225. I mean, it was – we looked at that and said, unless we're miles off, this is a 25%, 30% IRR here.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, when it gets closer to – we look at – we're looking for returns on our acquisitions up over 20% on the equity we put in them. When it's getting up there, it's looking pretty good to us. When it's more in the mid-teens return, that's good, but it's not shrieking alternative to making buys, acquisitions.
W. Nicholas Howley: Whereas I'll say again, at $225 we thought we're not going to see any acquisition that returns to us the way this does.
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean, it's moving slowly, slowly forward, sort of in fits and starts. I can't say that there's any particular acceleration. I mean the contract runs out at the end of, I want to say calendar year 2018.
W. Nicholas Howley: We haven't seen any material change in the dynamics in the industry. We've been – we're right in line or in total, I'm not going to comment price versus cost versus – but I would say the price dynamics are right, are fine. No change. And in total, the acquisitions are – at least the two most recent ones in substance are running nicely ahead of our expectations.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, not at all. We don't distribute that way in those markets anyway, so we don't go through Aviall for or Satair, you know, the big distributors for business jet, that largely goes through the OEMs.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know what I'm reconciling. It's hard for me to answer that. These -- we've had these before and it seems to be following the same path and the same kind of path, I see when I read the other ones on the IG website.
Kevin M. Stein: On freight, we forecast for fiscal year 2018 mid to high single-digits on the commercial transport freight. You're right, we had a very strong Q4. I suspect some of that might have been catch up, but I think we're being conservative and the concern remains that to what extent will the non-proprietary piece participate in that. But clearly freight is an important sector for us in 2018 and looks pretty good as we forecast mid to high.
Kevin M. Stein: So, it's a reasonable size. We don't disclose the individual pieces, but it's a reasonable chunk of that 15% of the commercial aftermarket.
Kevin M. Stein: I think we always try to be appropriately conservative. But, yeah, there is good activity. There is a lot of requests for quote. There is a lot of quoting activity around the ranch, but it's always difficult to predict. And there's external factors with budgets and the like that impact defense. So versus our historical guidance, the up low-to-mid single digits is higher than usual. And that's where we stand with it, with the visibility that we have. Again, things can be lumpy in the defense business and hard to predict.
Kevin M. Stein: But I still think there is plenty of juice in our value drivers as we go forward. We're not approaching the end of that by any stretch.
Kevin M. Stein: For productivity, yeah, we still – and I commented, I think, briefly that for going forward we will see some opportunities around some limited plant consolidations. We don't love to do a lot of those things, but as we – some of the product line acquisitions that we did in 2017 moving those into the various facilities. There'll be a number of those opportunities, as well as some rationalization of our manufacturing footprint. We're always looking for those opportunities for routine maintenance, and they do provide nice improvements in productivity. So, yeah, there are a number of those along with our capital spending to drive productivity projects around the ranch. I would say that the productivity deck is as vibrant as ever for opportunities and we continue to find those even in businesses that have been in the fold for a long time.
Kevin M. Stein: We do have long-term agreements in place. It's different business by business, but I would say we do have long-term agreements in place. Our content is significantly higher. We don't want to get into the differences in one program to another, but versus current narrow bodies, it's a significant difference. It's a great program for all of TransDigm and many of our groups participate.
Kevin M. Stein: We're seeing no difference in behavior this round versus the original one from several years ago. We're working through the details. The teams are meeting on a regular basis, but it's difficult to predict when this will be all put to bed.
Kevin M. Stein: I'm not seeing any real changes there. I could be wrong, but the guidance I have from the teams are that there really isn't any change. It's just the timing. And it's not OEM dependent. It's how the teams want to refurbish on what is a very much so a discretionary decision.
Kevin M. Stein: I don't think so. The aftermarket for business jet always flows through the OEM. So we have varying degrees of visibility as to what's happening. I would love to see it up more, but we forecast a flat market there for business jet and helicopter into 2018. I think, I alluded to maybe business jet would be a little bit better, but it would be offset by not a great helicopter market, I believe. So, that is what we see. I would love to be wrong about that. We've discussed that amongst ourselves that eventually you hit the bottom and you start to come out of it, but so far we're not seeing a lot of that.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yeah, Myles. That's right. What I think I said on the – what I meant to say just to clarify is that we think our cash tax position will be very similar to where we're at today as we looked at 2017 and recast on the new fees or maybe slightly lower. So what's happening is, obviously, the impact of the interest deductibility limitations has an impact to us, but the lower rate on the rest of the taxable income is beneficial to us. So we think we're going to be right about where we're at today from a rate standpoint.
Terrance M. Paradie: I think it's from a – cash from operations we're looking at $900 million. I think that's from a cash tax standpoint, the rate is going to be consistent. We're in the range that we took before. We'll see some of our interest costs go up. And then the CapEx is around 2% of sales, so our free cash flow number should be in the low-$800s million to mid-$800s million for the year. So I'm not seeing anything unusual other than the growth in our EBITDA to be honest with you.
Terrance M. Paradie: Well, I think the interest expense is going to be – it'll take that 50% down a little bit this year on the conversion, but that will drive it. And then we are going to see a little bit benefit of working capital from where we were this year.
Noah Poponak: Sorry, classic mute-button mistake. Nick, so the revenue guidance looks to imply 3% to 5% organic. It's a little light of kind of your long-run normalized pace of growth. I'd really kind of have to be at the very low-end of how you define each end market to be at 3% for the total company. I guess, I'm just sort of wondering, if you decided to put extra contingency in the revenue guidance this year, given some of the choppiness and some things you experienced last year.
Noah Poponak: Well, I know you always are, so I guess the question is actually whether you're incrementally so compared to normal.
Noah Poponak: Okay. That's fair enough. I guess the question was more sort of if you just took any different approach after what happened last year with some of the unexpected things in the aftermarket and the like, but I appreciate the nature of the rest (49:55).
