Liza Sabol: Thank you. I'd like to thank all of you for calling in today and welcome you to TransDigm's fiscal 2017 second-quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks and details are contained in this morning's press release on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC, available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. We'd also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release or a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, now, let me turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Thanks, Terry. Before we start, I'd like to just ask that all of our analysts only ask initial, two questions at a time and then please reinsert yourselves into the queue, so that we can get through everyone's initial questions. Operator, we are ready to open the lines.
Liza Sabol: I'd like to thank you all for calling in today and please look for our 10-Q that we will file sometime tomorrow. Thanks, again.
W. Nicholas Howley: Oh, $340 million, excuse me. We also raised $300 million of high-yield debt to reload, to take advantage of a good price for fixed debt and to confirm our ready access to the market. Last quarter, Standard & Poor (sic) [Standard & Poor's] (19:29) upgraded both our fixed and variable rate debt as well as our overall corporate ratings. We also amended our credit agreement to allow us over a 12-month period to either buy about $1.5 billion of our stock or payout $1.5 billion of special dividend. We have about $1.3 billion of this authorization still unused. As we have explained in the past, 75% of our debt is either fixed or capped. The net result is to significantly reduce our exposure to interest movements through at least 2021. At April 1, 2017, our liquidity was strong. We had slightly under $1 billion in cash, about $600 million of open revolver and additional room under our credit agreement. We believe we have adequate capacity to make over $1 billion of acquisition. This grows steadily through the year. This does not imply anything about likely levels of acquisitions for the year. In Q2, we completed the acquisition of Schroth Safety Products and certain other aerospace assets from Takata Corporation for about $90 million. This business primarily manufactures multi-point restraint harnesses in Germany and the U.S.A., used primarily in commercial pilot and flight attendant restraints as well as certain military and racing applications. The products are primarily proprietary and have significant aftermarket. Our acquisition effort remains active. The pipeline is, as usual, mostly small and mid-sized businesses. And closings, as always, are tough to predict. Kevin is going to review the Q2 operating performance and a few other items, but a few comments. Year-to-date, all of our market segments are booking ahead of shipments with the commercial aftermarket defense segment bookings are running well ahead of shipments. On the same-store basis and assuming we own the same mix of business in both periods, commercial OEM revenues were up modestly in Q2 versus the prior year. Commercial transport revenue is up more, but slower business jet and helicopter revenues pulled the overall down. As I said before, commercial aftermarket revenue was down 1.5% for the quarter. I already spoke about this, but Kevin will give a little more color. Defense revenues were up versus both the prior-year Q2 and year-to-date. Defense bookings were up very substantially in Q2 versus the prior year. EBITDA As Defined operating margins were strong and up 2% versus both the prior-year Q2 and year-to-date as we continue to execute on our steady value-creation process. Based on the year-to-date results, full-year 2017 guidance, assuming no acquisitions or additional capital market activity, is adjusted as follows. The midpoint of fiscal-year 2017 revenue guidance is now $3.55 billion, a slight increase of $5 million versus the previous guidance. This is due to the Schroth acquisition, partially offset by a modest decrease in the base business forecast. We anticipate 3.5% to 4% organic revenue growth for the year. As usual, the fourth-quarter revenues should be higher than the third quarter. The midpoint of fiscal-year 2017 EBITDA As Defined guidance is $1.7 billion. This is an increase of about $5 million from our previous guidance. The modest increase is due to both the Schroth acquisition and a slight margin improvement in the base. We have now increased the full-year EBITDA by $20 million from our original 2017 guidance. The vast majority of this increase was from improved operating performance. The midpoint of our EPS as adjusted is now anticipated to be $12.21 a share, up about $0.05 a share from our previous guidance. This increase is due to the increased EBITDA, a lower share count, offset in part by higher interest expense. And Terry will expand on that a little bit. On a pro forma or same-store basis, the revised guidance is based on the following growth rate. Commercial aftermarket growth in the mid-single-digit percent versus the prior year; the strong bookings are encouraging, but the first-half revenue was light. This is a modest decrease from our original guidance. Defense or military revenue is up-low-single percent versus the prior year. This is a modest increase from our original guidance. Commercial OEM revenue growth in the low to mid-single-digit range, this is unchanged. We have significant cash and available borrowing and these continue to grow throughout the year. Terry will expand on this. The first half of 2017 was solid. We look forward to a good second half. In summary, at this point, it looks like, for the year, the commercial aftermarket could be a little lower than originally anticipated and this is mostly offset by a modestly higher defense sector. And with that, let me turn it over to Kevin.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I would say Schneller is wide-body-only, because it's just a function of square footage. They got more square footage on wide-body. I mean, it's on all the platforms. You just got more wall space on a wide-body.
W. Nicholas Howley: No. We have just seen slowdowns in a number of programs. Honestly, I can't peg them for you, not because I'm not willing, just because I don't know the answer.
W. Nicholas Howley: But you are right that Schneller in dollar volume – well, no, I'm not even sure of that. Per plane, it's more impacted by wide-bodies, but in dollar value, I think, they're pretty market-weighted. I think it's pretty market-weighted. Pexco, the best growth opportunity is those blue sky, that's where most of the growth come, but they're across all Boeing airplanes; not Airbus by the way, Boeing.
W. Nicholas Howley: Over the period, I can't say there were. I can't say there were. I mean, I felt – again, I'm going to talk now about the commercial transport passenger stuff, which is the big chunk of it. I think what we found – as I said, Carter, that the closest proxy at least looking back is the growth rate in the out-of-warranty fleet.
W. Nicholas Howley: Not significantly, not significantly. I mean, I think, you can go back and do the same math. I mean, you can look at where our production airplanes are growing and where they're not. That's where we're seeing it too.
W. Nicholas Howley: 787, I can't see – you're not kicking much in yet. There is not enough of them getting outside of the window, well, I'd say the five-year window.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think I might add, as usual, as we move through the year, we'll look at our pipeline. Frankly, we'll look at the price of our stock. We'll look at what other opportunities and we'll decide, decide whether we keep the money or whether we get some back out to shareholders in some fashion.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, Ken, what I tried to do is – and hopefully I made myself clear – was knock off some of the things that we have seen hypothesized at least for our business. Again, you have to remember, as I said, the unit price of our stock is pretty low. We don't get a lot of volume. There's no significant concentration. There is a ton of part numbers. So, we don't see the surplus of any significance. We don't see the PMA. As I said, the pooling, i.e. the inventory drawdown, I think that may be a viable explanation, though I don't have any good date on that for a year or so. It can't be for five years, I don't think. So, I think that's probably the best answer I can give you.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think the primary thing – and I'm now, to some degree, in the hypothesis mode, backfitting the answer to the data, I think, for TransDigm, the two significant things are, one, whatever it is coming on 14-year run up of our new airplanes, production rates, has interjected an unusually high percent of airplanes in the under five-year life, which depresses, I think, the rate of growth or the rating usage for spares and repairs. I think that is probably number one. And I think the second is, the mix of TransDigm's aftermarket, whereas if you went back 10 years ago, I don't know, but I would guess it was 80%, 90% commercial transport per passenger, is now 70%. There is more other stuff in there. I think those are probably the two factors.
W. Nicholas Howley: I do think, if you had a more traditional expansion contraction cycle and production rates, they maybe ran up five years, ran down five years, up five years. I think you drift back closer to the RPM number.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we don't give out numbers on individual operating units, but I can tell you that we are still tracking just fine our value-creation model. We buy it. We have to see a PE-like return and we put together a model that does that and that's tracking that nicely.
W. Nicholas Howley: What we did, Noah, is we did it over six years and we did it over five years. And depending where you made the cut-off, you got a somewhat different answer. So, we just averaged the two.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, we averaged the two. Though I have to say, I'm just looking at the data right now, as you talk, Noah, if I look at 2011, almost everybody was up above the mid-teens.
W. Nicholas Howley: And that's why we took the whole industry, Noah, and averaged them too. We took five and six, added them up, divide by two.
W. Nicholas Howley: Noah, I'll say again, I'm just looking at this chart, the numbers that everybody are way up in that first year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, year-to-date, I think we're just at around $350 million something. So, you can see it back-end loaded as it typically is.
W. Nicholas Howley: But I would guess, Noah, I don't think, you've kind of pays your money and takes your choice on what next year's EBITDA forecast is.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think the percent cash spin-off changes substantially. If anything, as the net goes down a little, you might get a little more.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. We got a little bit of a down-pull from Schroth. So, that isn't real big, but it pulls you down a little bit and that's our best judgment now. We'll see how it plays out. I mean, if you take out Schroth, it's not inconceivable to be a little better.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. We're surely not booked up. We're not booked up for the balance of the year. So, there is some risk. There is some risk, but when we put the combination of the bookings running ahead and we're also – we think it's a positive that when we look at our major distributors, their point-of-sale is picking up or has picked up pretty significantly through the quarter, the mix of those two gives us some confidence. But I mean, I don't want to be deceptive here, we're not booked out through the end of the year yet.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't – I think the price dynamics in our business and in our markets, in our segments is – there's nothing odd about this quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: That was across the company. Honestly, Rob, I can't tell you segment by segment by segment if there's any variation, but in total, the pricing dynamic is not different than it typically is.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, I didn't say necessarily more efficient. What I said is, well, I guess, I did, but I said they are in the, what I call, warranty period and during that period, they consume very few parts, at least of our kind of parts. They're either covered by warrant. Here, they just – frankly, just don't use this stuff. I would expect, as they come out of that five-year period, they would start to pick up their consumption. Now, could there be a little bit of efficiency? Maybe, but I don't have a good sense of that yet. I don't think it's substantial once they get out of that sort of a happy window.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, that's right. At least over this time period – Rob, what I tried to say is I just don't see how that could be a significant factor over a five-year period.
W. Nicholas Howley: There couldn't be that much inventory in the system. Then also, I have to say, we don't hear that from any of our operating units.
W. Nicholas Howley: And I don't want to be cute about that, just to be clear. The pricing dynamic in the commercial aftermarket and our ability to get results has not changed.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. As you probably know, during these blackout periods, we have to set a formula and buy under a 10b5 plan. So, once we kind of launch it, our ability to modify it is limited.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. 1-ish, we've given you a forecast for the year, so you can pretty well figure out what the second half is.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, obviously, what we book, we will ship. I mean, what makes us feel comfortable about the second half of the year is that the bookings are coming in higher and the distributors are selling through.
W. Nicholas Howley: I hope they do, but I mean, the number we're giving you as guidance is mid-single digits. And you do the math. Now, also...
W. Nicholas Howley: But let me finish, Rob. Rob, the book-to-ship, the denominator's not the same. The book-to-ship against the first half, you're rising. So, the relationship between the two isn't the same.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I guess, I'm exactly – I mean, you can figure out exactly what I'm telling you, right? I mean, you can take – you could take where we are year-to-date and you could take 5% for the year or, say, mid-single digits or something like that, you can average it up and you figure out exactly.
W. Nicholas Howley: Rob, I don't want to give – we put these in and we make our best judgment on the number. I mean, I can give you – I think there's very little risk in the commercial OEM business and I think there's very little risk in the defense OEM business, just because those platforms are – somebody, I guess, could do some inventory restocking, but I think we probably would have seen that by now. The risk is where it always is. The risk is in the aftermarket. That's the shorter cycle stuff and it's the higher-margin stuff.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I think the way you might think about it is if you use – right, if you're up 1% for the first – and this doesn't – math doesn't work exactly, Rob, because the denominators aren't the same. But if you're up 1% or 1.5% for the first half of the year and you're booking at 8.5%, if you assumed 8.5% was the second half of the year and you added the two up and divide by two, you'd be...
W. Nicholas Howley: If you add to that – but I also realize, Rob, as I say again, the denominators aren't exactly the same, because they're rising, but that sort of give you a general sense and I think when you add that to the fact that we go out and we look at our distributors picking up, it makes us feel better. Now, can I tell you that's what it's going to look like in July, how the (01:11:03) distributorship grew? Of course, I can't. But as we sit here today, look at those two – those kind of couple of facts, it makes us feel like this is a reasonable number.
W. Nicholas Howley: (01:12:33) can't point to discrete platforms. It's kind of across the board, except for the one large defense OEM booking that I called out. That tends to be across the ranch.
W. Nicholas Howley: You mean, on – the things that we have seen them do have been for items where they own the IP. Essentially, they've been giving the work out on a make-to-print basis. That is, there's very little of our business that is subject to that. Vast majority is our own IP and we have not seen any intrusion into that.
W. Nicholas Howley: It ends in 2019. It ends in 2019 – 2018, end of 2018, excuse me, end of 2018. And I suspect fairly soon, we will.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think we gave you our forecast for the year and we gave it to you in the segments. I'm not going to break it down. I don't want to break it down any finer than that.
W. Nicholas Howley: But I would say it's hard. Yes, we saw some decent booking numbers for business jets for the quarter or the first half, but if you also – if you look at all the noise around the business jet and the forecast production rates, it's hard to get too excited about that.
W. Nicholas Howley: We are almost market-weighted. Matter of fact, we are just about market-weighted. So, I mean, you could go through and figure it out yourself. I mean, what I, frankly, haven't done it, but we generally track, I mean, probably seat miles by platform or something like that is going to be our distribution. We're more pretty much market-weighted.
W. Nicholas Howley: That's tough. I mean, the truth is, I don't know. The speed – when the government releases money, when it bubbles down to us is awful hard to predict. As Kevin said, we are starting to see some modest pickup, but I mean, I can't tell you whether that will spike up or flatten out. I mean, we feel reasonably good about it from the balance of this year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. Noah, I think this is quite disciplined, to ask two questions and get back in the line, I'm impressed.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think the best way to look at that, Noah, is at least the way I look at it is, it's not mathematically perfect, but if you're bringing in work at 8.5% higher than you're shipping it out, that's a reasonably positive indicator.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know the number. It's probably – I don't know it's a public number or not, but I don't know the number.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. It's not consistent by – across our businesses, but it's surely less than six months on average.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would guess, Noah, and I'm giving you a rough estimate, I don't know this number now, but I would guess, it's three to four months backlog.
W. Nicholas Howley: Right. I mean, again, what makes us feel positive is that – (01:19:40) feel some confidence in the second half is we see the bookings running ahead. And even though a lot of our business doesn't go through distributors, that's our best look. That's another good look. And we see that pick up and that gives us a positive deal.
W. Nicholas Howley: In defense, in total, for the six-month period. And that's somewhat influenced by some quite a big order in the second quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. So, by the way, just to be clear, the aftermarket is up. It's not – for the bookings, it's not declining, it's just the OEMs jumping faster.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. We are saying that the – if you compare our dollars sold and primarily we look at that, there may be all (01:22:41), because that's where we get the best information. The odds and ends are little wounds, but they're just as good (01:22:45), but they're quite good, the data. What we're saying is, if you take the Q2 sales, for this Q2 against Q2 of the previous year, they're up significantly and up well above the price increase.
Kevin M. Stein: Yeah. I would say, Myles, we still look at the – our goal in these businesses is to squeeze inflation out of the cost structure every year, even the old ones. And what we mean by that is to try and squeeze about 3% of the cost out. Now, I don't say we hit it on every one, but on average, we still get that out of most of the businesses.
Kevin M. Stein: And I would also say, if the market turns down, I'm pretty comfortable – this is primarily, I would say, the commercial OEM market. If that turns down, I'm pretty comfortable that we can move our cost structure down in line with that, assuming some reasonable turndown.
Kevin M. Stein: Yeah, if you take our midpoint and grow that EBITDA by 9%, 10% (58:19) and then do the 50%, you'd probably get to where it would be.
Terrance M. Paradie: I think we are always looking at our pipeline from an acquisition standpoint. And again, you can't determine when these deals will close, but we want to deploy the cash as efficiently as possible. So, again, not knowing when the potential acquisitions could close, that's where we would be at the end of the year. That's how I qualified my comments.
Terrance M. Paradie: Well, I think we guided to, it was around $750 million to $800 million at the beginning of the year and I think our expectations are still there. We haven't come off of that and at this point in time, I think we're still in that line. Last quarter, we guided $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion for end-of-year cash balance. You can back out the free cash flow to-date and you can do the math on the back half of that, it will get us there.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yeah, the way to look at it is – I think what we talked about is take our EBITDA number and we like to be over 50% on conversion to cash after cash interest, which we have said that it should approximate cash taxes, cash interest. Cash tax will approximate the GAAP rate and then you can determine your free cash flow. Then, you have a couple – a little bit of working capital to that, but we still expect to be that free cash flow around $800 million for that year.
Terrance M. Paradie: We're not going to comment on next year quite yet. We've got to finish up this year. So, you'll know that when we come out with our forecast for next year in Q4.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yes. We did $190 million. We talked about $150 million, that's last quarter, so $340 million is the total number we purchased during the quarter.
Terrance M. Paradie: We're locked into, we need to put a little baskets and ranges and so we have to execute to that. So, we don't have the hindsight to be able to select (01:06:05).
Terrance M. Paradie: But I would tell you, I didn't give you the growth rate, because I don't know it, but the – basically, the aftermarket split versus OEM is about the same in defense as it is in the overall business.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Yes, I mean, the reason I ask is your business had such a high growth rate in the sixth year ago, that comparing your total growth to what you're talking about for volumes, ex-price, makes a big difference in trying to make that comparison. So...
Noah Poponak: But if you're giving me an industry number for that window on units or your number for that window on units and then I wanted to compare your total growth to that, your average, it's makes a big difference if I'm using five or six. And therefore, that variance is different.
Noah Poponak: Right, except the EBITDA growth, as you were, at least historically on average has been much better, but, yes, now I got you. Okay. Thanks so much.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And so, is the reason that the 12% doesn't immediately flow through to a similar revenue growth rate that, that 12% is comparing to 1Q revenue in the denominator.
Noah Poponak: Right. Okay. So, it doesn't sound like the growth rate in the – doesn't sound like that's been – like the aftermarket has been growing much faster than OE there and necessarily. Just curious of the shorter-cycle piece of that business.
Robert M. Spingarn: But, Nick, if you have a quarter like this one, where your book-to-bill is 1.085, right, there should be a future quarter with 8.5% growth if those bookings represent a full quarter of aftermarket.
Robert M. Spingarn: So, I mean, I know what you've said for the year, but it would seem that these robust bookings in the first two quarters should do better than that for the second half.
Robert M. Spingarn: Okay, but, I guess, what you're telling us is we're going to see something around 10% in the second half.
Robert M. Spingarn: Okay. I'm just trying to reconcile the guidance to what you saw in the first half and the fact that you're not fully booked and just understand the confidence level on all that.
