Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters for fiscal '22 and then also our expectations for fiscal '23. First, a few fiscal '22 data points on organic growth, taxes and liquidity. In the fourth quarter, our organic growth rate was 16%, driven by the continued rebound and our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On taxes, our GAAP and adjusted tax rates finished the year within their expected ranges. Our FY '22 GAAP tax rate was 23% and the adjusted rate was just under 25%. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally define as EBITDA less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was just over $1.2 billion for the year, a bit higher than the $1.0 billion we had originally expected, driven primarily by the good operating performance that Kevin and Jorge mentioned. We ended the year with approximately $3 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And at quarter end, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 6.4x, down from the 6.7x level where we finished last quarter when you pro forma in the $18.50 per share dividend that we paid in August. We continue to watch the rising interest rate environment closely. We remain 85% hedged on our total $20 billion gross debt balance through a combination of interest rate caps and swaps through 2025. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates at least in the immediate term. With regard to any potential changes to our long-term approach to using debt to boost our equity returns, we'll see how the interest rate environment develops over the next three years, but do not anticipate any big changes in our approach at this time. Though one could envision a scenario where we slightly dial back the leverage on a net debt-to-EBITDA basis to achieve the type of cash interest coverage ratios where we've historically operated and been comfortable operating the business. Next, on the FY '23 expectations. I'm going to really quickly give some more details on the financial assumptions around interest expense, taxes and share count. Net interest expense is expected to be about $1.14 billion in fiscal '23, and this equates to a weighted average cash interest rate of approximately 5.75%. This estimate assumes an average LIBOR rate of 4.9% for the full fiscal year, which is simply the average based on the current forward consensus LIBOR curve. On taxes, our fiscal '23 GAAP cash and adjusted rates are all anticipated to be in the range of 24% to 26%. The slight increase in our tax rate versus the prior year is due mainly to the manner in which the net interest deduction limitation is calculated under existing tax legislation for fiscal '23 versus how it was computed in prior years. On the share count, we expect our weighted average shares to be $57.1 million during fiscal '23, and this figure takes into account the 1.5 million shares we repurchased during the '22 fiscal year but assumes no additional buybacks occurred during the '23 fiscal year. With regard to liquidity and leverage for fiscal '23, we expect to continue running free cash flow positive throughout the year. As we traditionally define our free cash flow, which again is EBITDA as defined less cash interest, CapEx and cash taxes, we estimate this metric to be in the $1.4 billion area, maybe a little better in fiscal '23. Assuming no additional acquisitions or capital markets transactions, we'll end the year with well north of $4 billion of cash on the balance sheet and estimate that our net leverage will be in the area of 5x EBITDA as defined at September 30, 2023. From an overall cash, liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via share buybacks or dividends during fiscal '23. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to start the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: Sure. So first, on the net working capital point. From peak to trough during COVID, about $410 million came out of net working capital. That's if you define it as just AR plus inventory less payables, which is primarily how we look at it. About 260 went back in during fiscal '22. So we've got about $140 million, $150 million more to go. We expect the bulk of that to happen during the coming fiscal year, so fiscal '23. That's generally how we think about it and getting back to where we were pre-COVID. And then on the leverage point, we'll see at this time, we don't anticipate going and paying down any of the gross debt balance because we have the benefit of the hedges and also the benefit of having taken out the bulk of that $20 billion of debt and a far better interest rate environment when rates were a lot lower. We have the next three years where we have the benefit of the hedges. We're really just not subject to the current market interest rates given that they're now 4 percentage points higher than they were about 12 months ago. But we do look at it if we think about it often. And as you know, historically, we've been comfortable operating the business with a higher leverage level on a net debt-to-EBITDA basis. We tend to think we'll have a similar approach going forward, and the methodology there hasn't changed. But no, in response to your question, we don't, at this time, envision paying down any gross debt.
Mike Lisman: Sure. So a couple of things on the interest coverage ratios and leverage point, and I'll come around to the repurchase shares point. I can tell you how we think about it. So two things. First, the first part is just the cost of capital question, right, with regard to the approach with leverage, and that piece is pretty easy. To the extent debt remains cheaper than equity, which is true today with our debt costs trading in the 8% to 9% area based on implied yields, we still have a preference to use debt as much as we can, simply because it's cheaper, right? The debt cost of 5.75% this coming year with the benefit of the hedges and that's well below the targeted equity return of 17.5% that we've had for a long time now here at TransDigm. So that piece is pretty easy. But then second, and this gets to the cash interest coverage point, and that's of equal or more important in this kind of rising rate environment. And that's practically how much debt and prudently can we take on without being stupid and jeopardizing the value of the equity, right? And on the cash interest coverage question, we look at EBITDA to interest coverage ratios. So we frequently in the past have talked about net debt to EBITDA, as you guys have heard on this call many times, and that ratio has sort of been in the 6x ballpark for TransDigm. That's if you take the last five years and average it when you strip out the COVID period. And if you look at that same time period, but instead focused on a cash interest coverage ratio, like EBITDA to interest expense, you'd see that one bounce around 2x to 3x and that 2x to 3x ballpark with an average of just about 2.5. So we look at that ratio a lot now more than we have in the past, along with the net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. And we feel comfortable running TransDigm in that kind of two to three ballpark for EBITDA to interest coverage ratio going forward. And if you think about fiscal '23 specifically, because of the hedges, we're nicely in the middle of those brackets, right? And we've got that benefit in fiscal '24 and 2025 as well. But again, that's only because of the hedges and because we took out that debt and those lower interest rate environments, and that's not lost on us as a management team. So we think about it quite often. And we know that we have those benefits for the next three, four years. And you could envision a time where if we didn't have -- or today, we didn't have those benefits, we might have to dial back the leverage a bit to sort of hit the EBITDA to interest coverage ratios that I mentioned of sort of the 2x to 3x ballpark. That's not the case and won't be for three years because we got the benefit of the hedges and haven't taken out the debt in the prior lower interest rate environment. So that's a long-winded way of hopefully giving you some insight at least into how we think about it and putting some bands around the coverage ratios that we're comfortable running the business at. And then coming around to your second question, Noah, on the share repurchase point, I think, as Kevin has said many times before, we'll continue to evaluate all three options. The priorities at TransDigm are unchanged. First, reinvest in our own businesses. Second, go and do M&A. And then third, return capital to our shareholders via buybacks or dividends. We'll look at both -- could do both, maybe not as we did this prior year. And then last, pay down gross debt balance.
Mike Lisman: Yes. I think It's slightly elevated. I think you're right, 2.7%, 2.8% of sales versus 2.5% in some prior years. We're investing that money because we see good paybacks and good projects from our op unit teams of two years or less. And that's what's driving the productivity. One of our three value drivers and the EBITDA margin expansion that you guys see in here. We're seeing good CapEx investments, and we're putting money behind it. And then we've got a couple of onetime projects on -- some solar projects that make good sense and have good paybacks because of tax incentives, particularly in the state of California, where it's elevated a bit, because of that. But generally, we're investing behind good projects here that are driving the productivity and the margin improvement.
Mike Lisman: We're carrying a little bit of extra just the op units are, just frankly, given the supply chain risks. And that's done off-unit by off-unit based on the specifics of what they're purchasing. We do that, obviously, to mitigate shipments risk and supply chain risk. So there's a little bit of extra in there. I can't put an exact dollar amount to it, but we're also just ramping up and taking product in for the growth that we see ahead going into '23 and the elevated revenue level.
Mike Lisman: We look at it often. It goes current, obviously, in August of '23 later this year. So we'd have to take it out by August of '24. We have enough cash to do that. I think at the present moment, if worst came to worst, and we'll have plenty of cash come at that point in time given what we'll generate from operations. But we look at it, the market seems to be open up a bit -- opening up a bit in the last two weeks or so with different types of debt transactions to push maturities out and we look at all that stuff and we want to manage the stacks, maximize the white space upfront, as you guys see in the slides and push things out into the right. And we focus on that every day now.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think you know there's not much flight activity happening. And as a percentage of the fleet, it is a significant percentage of flight activity prior to COVID. So it could be a real tailwind to us as that opens back up. Given the uncertainty in the market with global conflicts, China and their zero COVID inflation, potential recession it was hard to forecast more growth than what we put in the mid-teens right now. There's just enough uncertainty out there.
Kevin Stein: It could make sense. We don't like to get baked around those numbers. We don't look at things regionally like that. However, it's probably directionally accurate.
Kevin Stein: I wouldn't say that we've seen that. There's a lot of activity. Unfortunately, we haven't had anything across the finish line since DART's a couple of quarters ago. We're very busy, generally speaking, in small to middle-sized businesses. We just haven't been able to get any of them across the finish line due to an unfavorable market sentiment around how do I get financing for a business, not us, but it's certainly restricting deals that are available in the marketplace. So I think altogether, it's been a little bit disappointing. There are some headwinds in M&A for the general market, and we stay aggressive.
Kevin Stein: I don't think we've seen anybody selling assets, but we believe there is squeezing happening. It's certainly limiting the number of people that can bid on businesses today, and I think that is slowing the number of businesses that can come to market.
Kevin Stein: We don't factor that into really the way we look at returns on a business. We evaluate them all based on really what they can do. So we're not looking for businesses in Europe any more than usual. We look at all geographies, regions. So we're encouraged and looking everywhere. We have a team of M&A folks that are looking for opportunities in Europe, certainly as we speak. But there's no additional focus on it.
Kevin Stein: I would also say, Sheila, in this world, we're -- as we've said many times, we're a bottoms-up, not a top-down forecasting company. So this is the work of all of our many businesses that roll up their forecast to us. And I think over time, they can be more accurate than a top-down approach of guessing what RPM growth is going to be. I think this is the most accurate way to forecast the business, and we've been very successful with it.
Kevin Stein: Yes. It's -- well, we don't split out these things so carefully. Our goal is always to pass along inflation. Right now, the forecast from our teams that we have bottoms up is mid-teens of a forecast for growth year-over-year. There's so much uncertainty in that with what's going to happen in Asia that it's hard to forecast larger numbers than that. Obviously, there's always some price in these numbers year-over-year as we've all seen inflation. But we don't split it out to put such a specific number on it because it differs by product, business. I think the way to look at it is what has inflation been and we're trying to pass that along. We see definitely inflationary pressures across our business.
Kevin Stein: I think there's always the risk of [indiscernible], but I think there's a lot of need right now and a difficulty to supply OEM aircraft, I think it's going to be a while before build rates catch up to actual demand. So I'm less worried in the next five-year horizon. After that, we'll have to evaluate what the market conditions look like, are there new technologies. Generally speaking, the aerospace industry changes very slowly. There's not a lot of new platforms coming out in the future. A lot of these planes are going to go into aftermarket demand arena as they come -- as they get older. I don't really think that we're setting ourselves up for a lot more retirements or something different than in the past. But we'll have to see. I think as we look forward, again, over the next several years, we're pretty comfortable that this is going to set up favorably for the company, both on the commercial side and it should be also true on the defense side.
Kevin Stein: I don't think that's the way we look at it. We look at what is the opportunity out in front of us. But certainly, China is 20% of aerospace travel, maybe a little more, plus or minus. It's a significant market that didn't participate almost whatsoever. So yes, that was in our numbers and was a headwind to better -- even better results and a recovery to pre-COVID levels. It's really down to just the Asia region. Most of the other regions have come back pretty close already.
Kevin Stein: I think we're approaching that -- yes, I think that's a comfortable way to look at it, that sometime in '23 across the board, we will achieve aftermarket parity with prior to COVID levels. We'll have to see how that all unpacks. There's still a lot that has to happen in Asia for that to happen. But again, it's -- I think it sets up favorably for us on commercial and on the defense side.
Kevin Stein: It could be. This is a bottoms-up approach from our teams, and they go out and look at what they think is going to happen. The problem with aftermarket is that a lot of it's not booked, it's book and ship within the quarter. So you are forecasting things that are unknown. But they're closer to their customers than we are up here at corporate. So this is why we tend to trust their numbers. We hope that it's conservative. We hope that -- all of these things don't come out as any significant impact to the aerospace market, we'll have to see.
Kevin Stein: Yes. That's an important point to stress. This is looking at debt refinancing, capital allocation, it's something this team spends a lot of time on daily.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think, Noah, this is Kevin, I think we were surprised in '22 at the defense business not being stronger and that the defense industry was hit harder it seems like by supply chain issues and outlays. And I think we're just being a little conservative as we look forward to what the defense industry could become in '23. We had a good bookings quarter in Q4 but it's been lumpy and difficult to predict through '22. So we're taking a little bit more conservative approach here, I think.
Jorge Valladares: I think generally, we went through a fair amount of restructuring due to the COVID pandemic. And historically, we've been able to restructure the business during these types of crises and get some gains as the business returns. And I think we're seeing that. We saw that throughout this year, and we would expect that to flow through next year as well with some of the reduction and the real heavy focus on productivity that we've got going on at the operating units. I think we've given the general guidance that we're comfortable with in terms of the particular market segments and the OEM assumptions and the aftermarket assumptions and that's where we feel comfortable guiding to in this environment.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think the teams have been active really going back 12, 18 months when we started to see early signs of trouble with the supply chain. So we've been engaged with the suppliers. We're putting inventory back into the system to support the recovery, as Mike noted in his remarks. And we continue to stay on top of the details and that's really what we have found to help us through this situation. So I don't think we're anticipating any unusual pressures. Obviously, we're seeing inflation like the rest of the world is seeing. And we're trying to do our best to battle that inflationary pressure, but the teams continue to stay engaged at the detailed level.
Jorge Valladares: Yes, I'll handle that. I think it's been minimal in nature. You run into a supply chain issue that might impact a handful of orders and you work with the existing backlog to offset that with other orders where you've got the supply. So we're not seeing a material impact in any shape or form in terms of FY '22 results, and we're not anticipating a significant carryover that would influence the FY '23 guidance.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I mean, I think at a high level, the overall industry enjoyed the benefit of the recovery. Certainly, the last three quarters as travel returned and some of the restrictions opened up. I think as we noted, we've seen the strength in our largest submarket, which is the passenger submarket, and that includes interiors, spare parts, structural type parts, components, avionics, across the full portfolio of products. I don't think there's been any unique trend in terms of one product type versus the other. We've just enjoyed participating in the return to air travel.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I mean, again, as Kevin noted, we've got a well-established bottoms-up forecasting and planning process at each individual operating unit. So they are closest to the customers, they're close to Boeing and Airbus and the other airframers. And we utilize the information that they provide, they being the OEs in Boeing and Airbus and each unit looks at what it thinks it's at in terms of the deliveries to date and what that means in terms of the future deliveries. So we use their information as best guidance. But again, we do a bottoms-up process and each operating unit looks at its specific scenario.
Jorge Valladares: Yes, I'll handle that. So in terms of productivity and margin expansion, it's something that we have always focused on. That has historically been one of our three value drivers, as most of you know. It's maybe one that we don't promote or talk about as much as we need to, but the teams have really done just a great job absorbing the restructuring. As they go through their process and the planning process, they understand what the OE impact is going to be and the mix of the products. And as Mike mentioned, we continue to look for good opportunities to invest in CapEx in the form of automation of processes, automation of testing, trying to take some of that labor generally out of the process. So I think the teams have really done a fantastic job, and you're seeing that benefit the margins as you go through. In terms of pricing, ultimately, our goal has always been to get incremental price slightly above inflation. Inflation is running hot. We're seeing the inflationary pressures at our op units in terms of our cost structures. If the market priced strategy that we've always employed. And obviously, we're continually aware of what's going on in the market and trying to understand what the competitive threats are in the marketplace. And I don't think that has changed today. That's always been an active focus for us.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think in general, as I mentioned, this is part of the competitive analysis that our teams go through and understanding what the market prices are for a particular product. Generally, we have low value component-type products. So there's some limit in terms of the overall PMA targets to our portfolio, but it's something that the teams actively are aware of and trying to protect against.
Jorge Valladares: And the other element is commercial OEM was up about 29% year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, right? So there's some mix impact there as well.
Jorge Valladares: And I would just add, at the practical matter, we don't have any visibility to the inventory levels at our airline customers. So the teams are using all the communication that they can directly with the customer to try and build up their plans and forecasts.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I think roughly 20% to 25% runs through distribution, exclusive distribution-type agreements. The point of sales are improving in each future quarter. And each of the teams work with their distribution partners to kind of forecast what the right inventory levels are to support that growth. And we think we're in the reasonable range based on the assumptions that all the teams have been making.
Jorge Valladares: Yes. I'll take that one, Noah. I think generally, the Airbus demand pool has been tracking within a reasonable tolerance band of the stated production rates. Boeing obviously has noted they're working through a variety of supply chain issues as well as labor shortages. So from operating units to operating unit, it varies a little bit. I think we've seen -- it's probably fair to say a little bit of improvement over the last quarter. And we're all hopeful that Boeing continues to resolve some of its issues and hits the rates.
Jorge Valladares: Yes, I think generally, across the defense market, both at the OEM level and aftermarket, we did see improvement in terms of the order rate this last quarter in Q4 of FY '22, which is what's supporting the growth forecast that we've provided in 2023 -- FY '23.
