Liza Sabol: Thank you, and welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2016 third quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Operating Officer from our Power Group, Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks and details are contained in this morning's press release and on our website at transdigm.com. Before we begin, we would like to remind you that statements made during this call, which are not historical in fact, are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investors section of our website or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically, EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in earnings release or our presentation for the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Operator, we are currently ready to open the lines. We do ask that you limit your questions to two per caller and then reinsert yourself into the queue to allow time for everyone to ask questions.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, everyone, for participating in this morning's call and please look for our 10-Q that we expect to file tomorrow.
Nick Howley: Yeah. Yeah. I also just to point out, the freighter business, which isn't a big part, but it doesn't help, is a little – that's probably a little softer than we might have thought. But if we are – I mean, just almost mathematically if we are holding our guidance, but the biz jet and helicopters are lower, that means the rest of it has to be a little better.
Nick Howley: That was the comment. I have to admit I'm a little concerned. And, I don't have any particular inside knowledge here, but I'm a little concerned where the bottom is on biz jet and helicopter aftermarket.
Nick Howley: I don't think it's a big deal for the balance of the year here. We can't move it much, but could move it a hair.
Nick Howley: No. We'll comment on that when we get there. And Ken, I don't want to start to speculate on that piece by piece.
Nick Howley: I can't say anything. We have, I would say, individual units. We see some distributor movement, but on balance, I don't think it's a substantive impact.
Nick Howley: Yeah. And I don't – I mean, all I'm doing is reporting on – I'm just sort of reporting back what we hear from our customers, which is very close to the same things they're announcing publicly. You've seen the A330, A380 and 747 rates get cut back. Whereas on the wide body – or in the narrow body, you're not seeing that. If anything, they're still rumbling, they might step them up a little. And I don't have any more insight into that. And I would say our business roughly reflects that same thing.
Nick Howley: It is not. I would point out that, one, we tend to have agreements in place with most of the OEs for the products. And the other is that the vast majority of what we have is proprietary. It's not hard – not impossible, but it's significantly more difficult to replace a proprietary product than a non-proprietary one.
Nick Howley: Yeah. Let me try that in pieces. In the helicopter business, Carter, I obvious – I don't know where the bottom of that is. As you know what's driving that, the big driver there is the oil prices are off, so all the stuff servicing that industry is sort of in a swoon. I'd like to think it's close to the bottom but, frankly, I'm just not sure. Fortunately, it's not a lot of our business. I would say in the business jet, in the OEM business, once again, I'd like to think that – well, in the OEM business, I'm sure there is some inventory drawdown there that I would hope would not repeat. But I also would have to say I think, I and the rest of the industry has been notoriously inaccurate when predicting this business jet production rate. It's been – every year, it's been going to go up since 2010 or 2011 and really hasn't gone up much. The aftermarket, I think, is more stable in the business jet. In the freighter business, I think you know what's going on there. Freight traffic is just slowing down some. I think there's been – there I'm pretty comfortable that there's been some inventory drawdown throughout the system. I can't quantify that, but I'm quite sure there's been some. I hope that would stabilize next year.
Nick Howley: Yeah. Let me try that. Carter, I guess I didn't make myself clear and I'll try it once. And if it doesn't – if I tangle the accounting up – Terry can hop in and replace me or replace me, can hop in and give it some better words. If you may or may not remember, when we bought Telair last year, we had a transition agreement with AAR where they would do the accounting for a quarter while we got things switched over. The net result of that is because of the turn times, we had to be on a one-month lag in the previous year's third quarter. So, we only had two months. And this year, we have three months.
Nick Howley: So when we report on a GAAP basis, it makes the growth number larger. When we go back and do it on a same-store basis, it's smaller, when we assume we own the same things in both periods, if that's clear.
Nick Howley: That's the bulk of the difference. There may be a little bit here. The vast majority of 3% spread is that.
Nick Howley: Yeah. I would say the OEM stuff is just pure timing. We had some big orders in the third quarter of the prior year, and then we didn't get them this year, plus we had a couple of things slip out. Probably the biggest single one was the A400. They're ordering at lower rates frankly, because they probably had a little too much inventory with all the moving around in their shipments. The aftermarket was – and I don't want to overemphasize this, but the aftermarket was a little softer than we expected. I don't think that's anything more than random variation, but it can a little bit of that we anticipate to turn fast in the fourth quarter. And I'm a little concerned that it won't come in in time. That's all I was trying to – the point I was trying to make there. And that's why we hedged our defense business down a little.
Nick Howley: I don't want to speculate on individual businesses. I will tell you that when we do the DDC math when we bought it, we look at it the same way we look at all the other businesses. Roughly half – that half equity, something like that. And over the five-year period, assuming we buy-sell, we still see a return on our equity up in the 20% range. And that still works.
Nick Howley: I can't say we've seen anything different in the last quarter than we've seen in the past. As you know – we, for the last, probably, I don't know, 15 months, though it's getting a little better now, our view has been, across the world, in ordering, airlines have been ordering at a lower rate than their consumption. But I can't say it's recovering some now, but I can't say we've seen any change in the last quarter or any specific change in the European airlines.
Nick Howley: Let me back that up a minute, just a second to be clear. We have seen some change in the last couple of quarters. We still, seems to me, like they're not quite up to their consumption rate in ordering.
Nick Howley: Yeah. We don't know – let me tell you, it's – we look like we got what we expected. Surely, no worse and, hopefully, maybe a little better. So far, we don't – no bad news, and that's always good.
Nick Howley: Yes. So, let me give a try and then I let Terry, I always talk about EBITDA margins because, frankly, it captures everything in my view. The EBITDA margins are up and they're up with fair amount versus last year. And as I think, there's a couple of things doing that. As you know, we do okay in the pricing and that impacts it. But the other thing is we – at the beginning of this year, we took about 4% or so more out of our head count sort of to get ready for a possible downturn in the OEM business, and that hasn't happened. So, we have a little better cost structure and the revenues have hung in. Those are the two significant contributors.
Nick Howley: And I would say the acquisitions we have made in the last couple of years -you're talking about the numbers without the acquisition stripped out, I presume.
Nick Howley: You're right. The acquisitions – in general, our acquisition margins are better than we anticipated when we bought them also.
Nick Howley: No. I don't think so. Rob, I think it's just normal. I don't think anything substantively changed – well, let me back up. In the commercial transport world, I don't think anything has substantially changed of what we expected in the beginning of the year. I do think the biz jet has continued to soften through the year more than we expected.
Nick Howley: We didn't disclose it, okay. We gave a number, Rob, we didn't give the organic. But as you saw, I think you saw our guidance for the year. Our revenues – I don't want to start speculating on that without all the math in front of me. But not a substantive change either way.
Nick Howley: I mean we haven't disclosed that number, so I don't want to back into it. The guidance we gave is the guidance we gave. I'm always very nervous about stabbing at a number when I haven't seen the math of it.
Nick Howley: We have not seen that yet. But we've heard people talked about it, other people. We haven't seen it.
Nick Howley: I don't think I want to speculate on that. I think our – just let me ask Terry, if the credit agreement is public data.
Nick Howley: So, we have a credit agreement that we recently renegotiated, allows us to pay out up to $1.5 billion by 12/31/2016. That doesn't say we're going to do that, but that's sort of the level we could go up to when you could sort of solve into the math there.
Nick Howley: We're not prepared for it – we're not prepared to talk about that. I have a contract that runs through 2019, and you know the contract is what it is. But we're not prepared to talk about that. And, quite frankly, I enjoy the business and still like it here.
Nick Howley: I'm looking up at the screen here, and it has Myles' (sic) [David's] (47:49) name. But then you're up at top. Oh, I see. I'm looking at my cheat sheet, I apologize.
Nick Howley: Yeah. In total, I don't think so, though there's some puts and takes. In the freighter business, we've probably seen a little more volatility in distributor ordering because, frankly, they're looking at that market and doesn't look as good. But I think that's – it isn't a lot of money and it's been offset in the other direction. So, in total, I don't think it's impacting the numbers materially at this point.
Nick Howley: I don't think it's changed substantially over the last 18 months to 24 months. I would say the lion's share of it you know going into a quarter, but when you're looking for is it a 3% change or 5% change or 8% or whatever, within a couple of – you have a few points still to be booked and shipped.
Nick Howley: Over the long haul, over any length period of time, 12 months, 18 months or something like that, if you do kind of a rolling average, it's probably the easier thing to predict. But for quarters, it can bounce around.
Nick Howley: Yeah. It depends what – it is much less cyclical. Maybe I picked the wrong time period, maybe 12 months or 18 months is too short a period. But for any longer period of time, the aftermarket is more predictable than the OEM.
Nick Howley: But I would say pricing patterns are no different than they have been historically, at least for us. I would say the main thing that's driving it is, I think we have published this chart a number of times, it can be somewhat cyclical. And I speculate that the airlines have been undermined for the last, I don't know, 12 months, something like that, 15 months, and they're starting to catch up.
Nick Howley: You know, either it could well be a mix. I just – we'll decide that as we get closer. And depending on what – two things, what the capital market situation looks like and what's the sort of near-term acquisition landscape looks like. But I don't think I'd say it's that binary.
Terrance M. Paradie: Or, in other words, when you own the IP, much of what I have seen at least in the – what I've heard and what I've seen publicly, is replacing non-proprietary stuff.
Terrance M. Paradie: I think it's important to know, Carter, though, by next quarter there's going to be four months in Q4 2015 versus three months in Q4 of 2016.
Terrance M. Paradie: I don't think there's any unusual. We had a lot of acquisition activity. And so, there's a lot of different mixes from the timing of when things occurred. But there's nothing usual comes to mind.
Terrance M. Paradie: I'm not going to speculate where we'll be at 2017 once we roll our plan. But I would say, it's probably going to be in the ballpark and that's going to be the number for the rest of the year. One thing that we don't know is the mix of business, and how things play out as we move into 2017. So that rate could change on us a little bit here or there plus or minus.
Terrance M. Paradie: This new accounting change everybody is going to have to go through. As you know, we don't have any control over what timing when people exercise their stock options. So, what we'll do is continue to pull this out of the adjusted EPS. And that's why we want to give you a rate that's closer to that, say, 30%. But what this will do is drive down our cash tax rate, assuming our effective tax rate will be a lot closer to our cash tax rate, which I know you guys have asked for in the past, which gets us around that 25%.
Terrance M. Paradie: No. I don't think there's anything unusual there. We've had some puts and takes. We think about fees associated with the financing. You have higher interest cost. We have just M&A activity, different expenses and things of that nature that have impacted the net cash and then working capital has also an impact on the numbers, but nothing -- just a lot of puts and takes gets you down to $1.9 billion.
