Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters. Regarding organic growth, we're now done lapping the pre-COVID quarterly comps and have therefore returned to positive growth territory. Organic growth was positive 15% on the quarter. I won't rehash the results for revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EPS, as you can see all of that information in the press release for today. On taxes, our expectations for the full year have changed. We now anticipate a lower GAAP and cash tax rate in the range of 0% to 3%, revised downward from a previous range of 18% to 22%, and an adjusted tax rate in the range of 18% to 20%. The reductions in the GAAP and cash rates for the current fiscal year are onetime in nature and were driven by the release of a valuation allowance pertaining to our net interest deduction limitation and some discrete benefits from exercises of employee stock options. Regarding tax rates out beyond FY '21, we're still monitoring potential changes in the U.S. tax code under the new administration, and we'll provide some guidance on our future rate expectations once any legislation is finalized. On interest expense, we still expect the full year charge to be $1.06 billion. Moving over to cash and liquidity. We had another quarter of positive free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as EBITDA as defined less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes, was roughly $305 million. For the full fiscal year, we expect to continue running free cash flow-positive. And in line with our prior guidance on free cash flow, we still expect this metric to be in the $800 million to $900 million area for our fiscal '21 and likely at the high end of this range. We ended the third quarter with $4.5 billion of cash, up from $4.1 billion at last quarter end. And finally, our Q3 net debt to LTM EBITDA ratio was 7.6x, down from 8.2x at last quarter end. In coming quarters, this ratio should at worst remain relatively stable, but more likely continue to show gradual improvement as our commercial end markets rebound. The pace of this improvement remains highly uncertain and will depend heavily on the shape of the commercial end-market recovery. From an overall cash, liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed commercial environment for quite some time. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to start the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: Yes. The 30% -- I think it was 35%, 50% and 15% to be more specific. And then the -- not really any material changes. Those are the kind of percentages that stuck around for a while and it's not -- the 35% is not labor.
Mike Lisman: About 15%, rough justice, is all other, 50%'s material and some direct costs and 35%'s overhead. And there are some labor elements in there.
Mike Lisman: Yes. It is namely the working capital. Specifically within the working capital buckets, we're doing better on accounts receivable, most importantly. Inventory has been a little bit of improvement as well, but accounts receivable has been the main driver. Typically, our business tracks at something like 57, 58 days on DSO days, but we're down now closer to 50. Quite a bit of working capital has come out of the business, $350 million, $400 million out of AR. Over time, as we get further into the recovery, that's going to have to go back into accounts receivable so it will be a use of cash. The pace at which that happens depends on the pace of the recovery, and we have the cash to support it and fuel that increase, of course. It's kind of a good problem to have. But it will be a $350 million to $400 million headwind as we come out of this.
Mike Lisman: On dividend and share repurchases, I think, is what you're referring to rather than M&A. I think for now, we just want to be conservative and keep the cash that we have as we come out of the current situation that our end markets are in. And then we'll assess things real-time. On average, 6x net debt to EBITDA is where the business has operated historically. We see no rationale or reason to change that going forward. Now it's obviously elevated at 7.6x. So we'll give it some time to settle down. And then we assess the repurchase and dividend alternatives quarterly.
Mike Lisman: It's going to keep ticking down. I think I don't -- future leverage levels, we haven't given guidance yet. So it's hard to say. It depends on the pace of the recovery here. But it's going to -- it should keep ticking down, as I mentioned in my comments, just as the end markets improve. Couple of [tenths of a point] quarterly.
Mike Lisman: Yes. On the first question on the divestiture, ultimately, any divestiture for us, it just comes down to a question of value and whether or not the offer's on the table or prices which you're a seller. For us, the expectation wasn't met here, so we're happy to go on owning this business. In the early innings of the Esterline integration, we divested the pieces quickly that didn't fit us most, and we're happy to go on owning the businesses for which the value expectation just wasn't met.
Mike Lisman: Not at this time. As Nick said in his comments, we've now pretty much done most of -- completed most of the Esterline divestitures that we anticipated doing. And this last one, we're happy to go on owning.
Mike Lisman: On a dollar basis, it's likely a function of it being bigger. Generally, when we acquire businesses, we tend to keep the R&D in place. And so that could be what's driving the step-up that you're seeing on a dollar basis.
Mike Lisman: It varies by individual op unit. They all decide where to invest their dollars. They run their own R&D budgets.
Mike Lisman: Just on the outlook and as it refers to FY '22 guidance, I think we don't want to give guidance yet. We don't want to give guidance just for the sake of giving guidance. We think we'll give it when the market stabilizes and we feel like we can accurately predict what's to come. So for now, it's hard to give too much commentary on what the next couple of quarters will look like given the lumpiness of the recovery.
Mike Lisman: Yes. Seth, there are puts and takes every quarter on the accounting side. You get pluses from a loss contract reserve release, but there must be a couple of minuses from reserve increases on issues that arise that go against EBITDA. This quarter, we netted to a spot that's not that different from where we typically end up every quarter. But you're right, the loss contract reserve did step up a bit. It was $20 million this quarter. Last year, same quarter was about $7 million or $8 million. So it did step up. And what drives it is, from an accounting standpoint, it's a GAAP convention. It's tied to individual loss contracts and products and based on when they ship you release the reserves.
Kevin Stein: Hopefully, we're conservative. We feel comfortable given the visibility we have right now that 44% makes sense. So hopefully, it's conservative and we'll do better. We're not anticipating anything detrimental in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Stein: Yes. For year-to-date, we're up considerably. For the quarter, we are -- it can be lumpy. So you're right to say that it's a little bit off, down 7%. We were up significantly last quarter. We still are booking more than we're shipping in both quarters. So I think that's also the way to look at it.
Kevin Stein: I think it's progressing reasonably normally. They're placing orders. We're filling them. They're -- distribution is a smaller part of our business than it used to be. It's somewhere below 20% of our business now. The rest of it, we handle directly in the aftermarket. And their POS, their sales to the market look similar to ours, quite frankly. So the business is performing about how we would expect. We don't offer volume-based discounts for a significant percentage of our business. So it doesn't encourage overstocking in the channel.
Kevin Stein: Yes. The DoD IG audit, we look to have a rough draft this fall and a publication shortly thereafter. We still have not seen that but still anticipate -- and still, quite frankly, anticipate similar conclusions to prior audits. So that's what we see right now. We have closely worked with the DoD, the IG, in regular weekly meetings to review information data and build a working group to continue to improve our relationship with the DoD and the important players on the defense side of the house. So that's what we know so far. But yes, sometime this fall.
Kevin Stein: I think it has to be all of the above. We're certainly seeing whatever destocking they had come to an end. But we are seeing increased takeoff and landing cycles, which we think are important to follow this industry and certainly preparing for future capacity and needs. I think all 3 are at play here. I don't have any ability to differentiate which one is the most important, but I think they're all happening.
Kevin Stein: We don't break down our sales by region. It's difficult for us to tell as we sell to airlines, we -- still sell 20% or so through distribution. So it's difficult for me to tell you geographic split. Obviously, we follow the takeoff and landings, flight cycles very closely. Many of you publish different reports on that. And what we've seen recently is similar to what we saw a few months ago, China domestically will have a -- will retreat and then come back. And we're in a retreat period right now. I can only assume that's because of something COVID-related, but I don't know beyond that. So hence, why I say it's a watch item. Obviously, our visibility and knowledge of what's happening on the ground there is somewhat limited.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We have seen solid growth in defense this year. It is obviously an important segment. We continue to look for opportunities to prune that, as you've just heard. And we're happy with our defense portfolio today. As I look forward, I think continued modest growth will be the future. I think there's enough political -- geopolitical unrest in the world that will continue this. We are also not involved in the sort of the boots on the ground part of defense. So we're on the technology, the unmanned. We're in space. I think we're on the right side of defense business to continue to grow. As I looked at our growth for the quarter, I couldn't really point to one program that was leading the day. It's nice growth across the board. Our parachutes business has been doing well. The F-35 business has continued to do well for us, but it's really across the board.
Kevin Stein: I would expect this to be lumpy. I would expect there to be fits and starts. I don't think you're going to have a seamless perfect growth out of this. But I still expect things to be moving in the improving direction. But it doesn't mean -- much like we say defense can at times be lumpy, we've said from the beginning that we anticipate this recovery will also be lumpy in the way we ship product.
Kevin Stein: Things have improved. They were improving monthly, much like -- if you look at the world's global takeoff and landings, it continued to improve. Europe has come back. That's certainly driving our business on the commercial aftermarket side. Does that -- maybe refine your question.
Kevin Stein: I don't think so. I think things are gradually improving, and the bookings are gradually improving. Within the quarter, you can get lumpiness within the quarter as well. So what we look at is our -- is flight activity continuing to ramp up, and it is. And that's what gives us encouragement for the future. We also see an order book that's up significantly year-over-year and sequentially is improving.
Kevin Stein: We've seen some improvement from Schneller business. Sorry, we've seen some improvement from Schneller business. We've also seen some of -- our higher-volume runners have been slower on some products, some of our larger aftermarket businesses is the way I mean. But in general, it's happening across the business. I don't think we're seeing any loss of business, any loss of shipset content as we go forward. We continue to monitor the PMA and used market very closely. So anything that's happening is just timing in the marketplace and airlines picking and choosing what they're working on.
Kevin Stein: Well, we've certainly seen an uptick in biz jet cycles, I think, up quite dramatically this last quarter. We're getting back close to the pre-pandemic levels. I think the bulk of it is still leisure-oriented, it has to be. Most of travel is leisure-oriented. I think we're starting to see some business travel mix in there. But business jet has been a bright spot, but it's a very small part of our business, I think about 15%.
Kevin Stein: It's -- we run R&D through our individual businesses. So it's a function of the programs and what they do at our individual. We don't have a central R&D team, as you probably know. So this is all linked to programs and projects locally for the business.
Kevin Stein: Yes. We'll work on good stuff. Nick is telling me we only work on good stuff. And I think he's right.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I assume given the takeoff and landing that it's a reasonable headwind for us. But we're market-weighted. So you have to look at what's flying. Recently, we've seen more wide-bodies flying domestic routes, A350s and 787s and the like doing longer domestic routes than they did previously. So I think as we look at the business, we've been slightly surprised that wide-body doing a little better than we thought it would given what we thought was just a narrow-body -- largely narrow-body market. So we don't have it all split out, and we don't look at it that way on a quarterly-quarterly basis. But we tend to be market-weighted here, and so we follow the takeoffs and landings.
Kevin Stein: Yes. It's difficult for us to get into the political sphere. So we will react as things -- but not speculate.
Hunter Keay: I was wondering if you talk about biz jets a little bit. You obviously have been noting it's leisure-oriented. You've been saying that now for a while. I'm kind of curious, is -- are these individually owned aircraft? Are these corporate fleets that are being used for personal trips? Is it wheels up? I mean I'm trying to get a sense for sort of how demand and usage in that market is translating to what we're seeing in the aftermarket sales for you guys.
Hunter Keay: Got it. Okay. And then on R&D, you saw a decent uptick last year in R&D dollar spend in fiscal '20 despite COVID. Kind of curious how much of that is sort of organic growth versus maybe incremental spend that you acquired from companies that you bought. And sort of just looking forward where you're going to prioritize your R&D dollars over the next couple of quarters.
Hunter Keay: No, not percentage basis. Yes, that was exactly -- is it just a function of just being bigger or also just -- 
