W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, yes. The question, I guess, was at least when you do the adjustments and you adjust the other one, it looked like margins are about flat. Does that...
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. That's worth a little clarification. I mean, there's a couple of things. Carter, when we -- the data points we were getting and the stuff we were picking up in the industry and the data points we're picking right now, didn't seem to exactly jive with our segment number said. So we dug into that a little more and there were probably 8 to 10 items that impacted that. And you have big ones, or the most significant ones are, I'll say, primarily acquisition related. And some of them are -- make things a little higher in the previous quarter and some of them make things lower in this quarter. But let me give you a sense of it. The Whippany business that we bought from GE, the distributor inventories were too high. I think we told you this last quarter. And we decided when we bought, we saw this in diligence and decided we had to draw them down. So we purposely drew down their inventories this quarter and that will continue a little into next year. At the Arkwin business that we bought, they had a consignment inventory agreement with a distributor. We, essentially, that they recognize -- had recognized, sort of the way they looked at it, was in a similar consignment, it was a sale. We did away with that and changed the contract, but that essentially meant we didn't recognize the ones that revenue be recognized because we had burned off the consignment inventory distributor. We divested a -- if you may or may not recall, we divested a distribution business in Q4 of last year, but we didn't sell the AmSafe net product line with it. We kept that ourselves, then we had to find and restock another distributor in the prior Q4. And we also replaced the Pacific Rim distributor for one of our recent acquisitions and that sure got the inventory bouncing around. So that will give you a sense of the stuff. Those are some of the most significant ones that we tried to adjust for. I think the other way that I got some comfort here and -- is that we did these direct sale channel checks at our businesses and our large distributors and saw somewhere a little above the mid-single-digit pickup there, too.
W. Nicholas Howley: That is the number. That's the number we expect to see, okay? Carter, Carter, let me back up a minute. It is same-store sales basis. It's not GAAP, because GAAP number will always be bigger, right, before buying.
W. Nicholas Howley: Rob, I don't know that I can tell you that. The real answer is I don't know the answer. But I don't know of anything unusually disproportionate between them.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I mean, I haven't looked at that for about a year or so now, but I know the numbers that we -- that it was running were somewhere in the -- Greg, I want to say 3%, 4%, 5% of our aftermarket volume of [indiscernible] stuff.
W. Nicholas Howley: Are we clear -- Rob, that is clearly a risk. That's clearly a risk. I wouldn't tell you that's not a possibility.
W. Nicholas Howley: That's a very hard number. There's so many things bouncing all around. Rob, when we say a flat year-over-year, remember, there's price in there, right? So flat year-over-year means an absolute decline. So pick your number, but it's probably above inflation. So could you be down 10% rather than 4% units? If you told me that, I don't think I could argue with you. I wouldn't say I -- that doesn't appear to our operating units to be what they expect and at least, so far, from our bookings, we don't see it or we haven't seen the fourth quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, it benefited some. We -- if we're lucky or hopefully, we can sell some more of it, but we booked about $18 million, I want to say $18 million of it and roughly half of it is shipped this year and half of it will ship next year.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think, David, we've got to say the same thing we always said. We're not going to get into the details of a negotiation with our customer. It's an ongoing activity. I think we, along with many people around the industry, sort of -- probably the activity levels sped up a bit in the last quarter. But I don't know if our position is a heck of a lot different than it's in the past.
W. Nicholas Howley: We don't -- don't have any rule on that. What I said is we see more -- I didn't necessarily say there were more defense businesses than there were commercial. I said there were probably more defense businesses in our prospects than there typically are. Doesn't mean there's absolutely more than there are commercial. We evaluate defense businesses just like we evaluate commercial businesses. They -- in all likelihood, the revenue is -- the growth is going to be lower or declining, which means the price, we can't pay as much of a price. But we still have to see a private equity like we heard, which we see, say, is a 20% IRR our equity in the thing. But we look at them the same way. We don't have a rule for what percent of defense we go to, but, I mean, we have no intention of turning this into a primarily defense business.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I would -- first, I don't know the answer to that. It would be very dependent on what the situation with acquisitions and the like was at the time. Our first choice is always going to be to fund our existing businesses for the next accretive acquisitions. So that's a tough one to answer theoretically. But I would also say that our goal here is to give our shareholders over time private equity like returns, which we define is 15% to 20% return on their equity over time. We are not going to get that without staying in a reasonable leverage level.
W. Nicholas Howley: Not at this time. We think we got enough runway in front of us. If that turned out to be the case, then we'd have to decide. But we have other alternatives. One alternative is to open the aperture up a little on proprietary content and then you see many more things. That's not our desire nor our intention right now, just to be clear.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, but that's all within aerospace. The other alternative we frankly have, we always have, is to be more aggressive with our capital structure and more path. If we don't see enough to buy that meets our criteria. But our goal now hasn't changed. We want to buy proprietary aerospace businesses with significant aftermarket content.
W. Nicholas Howley: No, it's just the -- I don't want to speak much to the price, what we might or might not do with the prices. But I -- there's not a lot of elasticity and demand here for the price. I mean, the stuff tends to be sole source.
W. Nicholas Howley: I honestly can't say whether that's changed much in the last 90 days, I don't think it has. Clearly, the European airlines have gotten a little better. And I don't believe the situation has changed much in the Asian airlines on stocking, but I honestly can't say we took another set point in the last 90 days. I cannot say we have.
W. Nicholas Howley: We haven't yet. As I say, our defense is holding up better than we anticipated and at least, so far, the bookings are holding up, too. And we really haven't seen significant changes.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, what I don't -- in prior cycles, what has happened is eventually the, inventories snap back. So you got a year or 2 of very high growth. The most recent instance I want to say was probably 2011, after a bad year '09 and '10 it probably jumped up around the industry 20%. And then, obviously, that was a little bit of an overshoot, which we probably gave some back in '13. Different people -- I hear speculation that the airlines are getting better with their inventory control. And you may not see as much snapback, it may just more start to couple with underlying air travel. Obviously, you can see in our go-forward numbers, we are not planning on an inventory snapback. There is -- if there is one, that would be unusual, by the way, if there wasn't a snapback, that would say their airlines are getting better at managing their inventory. If there is, that's an upside to our forecast in the year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I think I specifically said, we expect the second half to be better than the first half. And the -- our first quarter of our year is always lower than the rest of the year and it has about 10% less days in it, in the quarter, our Q1. Our Q1 captures Christmas and Thanksgiving.
W. Nicholas Howley: Right. I mean, if you got -- and just what I -- the point I try to make and maybe I wasn't clear with it, if you got the same shipments in dollars from Q4 to Q1, effectively, you would have had a 10% pickup in shipments per day if that's clear.
W. Nicholas Howley: Nothing's changed in the businesses, the recent businesses we bought. We look at them the same way, we evaluate them the same way. They've got to have the same attributes and we got to see what I call a private equity like return, which means we have to change the margin.
W. Nicholas Howley: We -- let me answer that this way. C-130 is still our biggest, by the way. In the aftermarket, it's pretty well spread. I would say, if I look at next year, in the OEM production rate, I don't think there's a whole lot of risk there. Those are -- we tend to be sole sourced, the things are pretty well locked for the next, what do we got now, 10.5 months or something is what you're looking out on. And the variation will come in the aftermarket. That's right, that's where the risk is.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, probably. As I think we've told you, roughly our defense business, in our defense aftermarket is something like 1/3 transport, 1/3 helicopter and 1/3 other, which is mostly fighters.
Gregory Rufus: No, we do have some special non-repeat items this year. So when I looked at it my way, I was getting the margin improvement of about 1.5...
Gregory Rufus: Carter, you've got to take FY '13 because we booked -- we still have 1 or 2 what we call onetime favorable adjustments or events that took place.
Gregory Rufus: We'll, pay quite a bit more in cash taxes next year. This year, my cash taxes were about $82 million, which was extremely low versus my provision. Next year, my cash taxes are going to be more like $160 million. So you got to factor that as you're just looking at year-over-year. That might be one of the things that might help you, Dave.
Gregory Rufus: Yes. And we're actively trying to roll that out to other governments and we have active negotiations that I don't want to get into the details with, with other governments on that product.
Gregory Rufus: I think '14 as the base, that there's a little bit, but most of it will get fixed toward the end of the calendar year of '14. So we're still guiding the floating rate.
