Kevin Stein: Well, we can't comment as you know the process. We can't comment on deals due to NDAs that you put in place. So whether we were interested or not, we don't comment. The M&A pipeline though is, I said I'll reread my words. We continue to actually look for M&A opportunities that fit our model. As we look out over the next 12 months to 18 months, we continue to have slightly stronger than typical pipeline of potential targets. As usual, we can't comment yada yada. It's similar to what I said last quarter. We are seeing a pretty interesting time right now. A lot of properties that we have been closely following for a long time are becoming available and difficult to predict which, if any of them will close, again, we are extremely disciplined in our M&A approach.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think across the business, we built backlog. So book-to-bill for the company was still positive. It is true that some things can be lumpy. We saw strengths in OEM and defense. Aftermarket was a little bit, the rate of change of expansion of the order book slowed a little bit, but still have a positive book to build there for the year.
Kevin Stein: I think we don't usually comment on margins and increases across the board. It is fair to say that as we always state, our aftermarket is more profitable. Our goal in pricing is to pass along inflation. So we have seen a very inflationary environment. That's probably all we can comment on that. We definitely make more money in the aftermarket.
Kevin Stein: Well, I hope we forecast conservatively as we look at the future. That's a conservative look at what might happen, given that aftermarket is such a significant driver for the business and that some of it isn't booked yet for the quarter, it makes it prudent for us to be a little more conservative as we forecast the quarter. We'll see how it plays out. I'll tell you on the margins line, it's a pleasant outcome that we continue to see the progress and cost reductions across the business. Even selective new business programs have been successful for us. There were not any significant one-time accounting adjustments or anything in these numbers, so this was real performance of the business.
Kevin Stein: I think China was the big player. We initially had our look at the business. That was the unclear point that we didn't see in our planning. So I think a lot of what we're seeing today for upside and the revisions favorably have been due to that expanding market and really a better recovery than I think any of us anticipated when we initially planned the year.
Kevin Stein: In fullness of time, I don't think you can overpay for good assets that meet our criteria. So I'm not worried about more competition. If businesses meet our criteria, we will rise to meet the challenge.
Kevin Stein: I think we do regular catalog price increases, but in a high inflationary environment, dynamic pricing becomes more of the norm. So I don't think our businesses necessarily are augured into, only once a year. It really depends on the inflationary inputs that they're seeing.
Kevin Stein: I think there will be challenges to doing that, but that would certainly be one of our aspirational goals as we go forward to continue to drive cost improvements and improvements in general to our business to drive that. It will be difficult as we have very strong aftermarket growth, but we're seeing the OEM growth somewhat muted as they are slower to ramp up, meaning there's more pressure in the aftermarket. I think that we continue to enjoy this for a while into the future, maybe not the wild recovery we've seen over the last two years, but still I think that the market conditions, really in all of our market segments, set up very favorably for us, even in the aftermarket in the future.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think it improves every quarter, but I still see 10% plus percent opportunity. RPMs are still 12% below takeoff and landings in certain regions still below where they were pre-pandemic. I still see opportunity and suppressed demand, which I have every belief will return.
Kevin Stein: I can't believe I'm going to be the first to congratulate everybody on their respective promotions and retirements, but probably congrats to all of them.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think I'll kick that one to Joel for comment. He's very close to the customers and businesses.
Kevin Stein: For the quarter or year-to-date? I guess we don't really give that kind of granularity usually. It was up across the company for aftermarket. It was slightly off, but year to date still positive.
Kevin Stein: Yes, I think in really in all three of our market segments, including commercial aftermarket, although maybe bookings slowed ever so slightly this quarter. Remember, bookings can be lumpy quarter to quarter and, all three of our commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and defense all look favorable into the future. I can't stress that enough.
Kevin Stein: I guess it's where do we see the likelihood of, upper quartile private equity-like returns? We've always talked about the 20% IR threshold for M&A activities. I'm not against fixer uppers. Generally speaking, though, we acquire good businesses. We heavily invest in them, and we make them much better. A fixer upper might fit that as you're listing, but, we usually don't look for those per se, and everything must stand on its own and generate the return.
Kevin Stein: Well, I think some of it's the timing of bookings and shipments. So the Bizjet market expanded pretty significantly during the pandemic and has really only slowly reduced each quarter. It's something we'll continue to monitor, as I said, in my opening remarks.
Kevin Stein: Have they peaked? That's right. No, they haven't peaked. There's still room to grow and expand. And that's how we look at it. We're still looking for those opportunities. And I don't see any reason why there isn't room to continue to improve. That's our goal is steady, consistent, disciplined, improvement to M&A, capital allocation to continue to allow the machine to operate.
Kevin Stein: Yes, so when we look at the point of sale information from our distribution partners, it matches pretty well with what we're seeing as we go direct to customers. So I don't think we're seeing anything significant there. It comes to lead times, every operating unit sets their own unique set of lead times for products and customers. They're often not the same. Given that the recovery we've seen in the aftermarket, we've invested in the inventory to be able to support the customer base. I think that's helped out a little bit. But no real significant change, at least from what I'm seeing from the, either the distribution point of sale or what we're seeing direct, and no significant change due to lead time.
Kevin Stein: No, I think we've always seen a few of them, just nothing as compelling as Calspan was to us. I mean, at the end of the day, we're looking for businesses that we can identify that upper quartile private equity, like return 20% plus, that's what we're looking for. And we believe today that Calspan will absolutely deliver that for us.
Kevin Stein: I think it was strong performance in Q3. The results, the market mix, and we didn't own Calspan for all of the quarter. I think that will impact us a little bit more as we go forward, but it was just a strong all around quarter, good performance in the aftermarket and the OEM side of the house.
Joel Reiss: Yes, I don't think we have the specific data around the MRO and what the implications are. I think we continue to see the commercial aftermarket growth in all of our submarkets, and I think we continue to see the positive momentum as revenue passenger miles continue to move up year-to-date. We're now down to just 10 percent below pre-pandemic levels and continue to see the expectancy trends continue as long as the people continue to fly.
Joel Reiss: Well, obviously we're not going to provide any guidance towards 2024. But look, our order book continues to evolve. Flight activity continues to increase. You said the traffic in Asia Pacific has increased significantly. But even there is still about 20% below 2019 levels. Global air traffic still below the pre-pandemic level. So I think we're all realistic that the rate of change has to slow at some point as you get closer and closer back to the pre-pandemic levels. But I don't think we see anything else beyond that changing.
Joel Reiss: Yes, I'd say on the interior, this Joel, I'd say on the interior side, I think we're seeing a similar trend as we are in the overall commercial aftermarket, a good increase year over year, and continuing the positive trend we've seen for several quarters now. To-date, it's primarily being driven by the repair side, but we're seeing a nice recovery. Obviously, as they continue to utilize the existing fleet, it'll be beneficial for us in the future for modifications and refurbishments.
Joel Reiss: Thank you for doing that. It's always good to hear. Sometimes we're just the machine that keeps moving and people forget that. 
Joel Reiss: Yes, I don't think we think it has any significant change. Engines coming in sooner means one set of components get replaced earlier because they're going to do maintenance on the engine, but then there's another set of components that you really want to have them flying and the starts and stops or what, their takeoffs and landings, what makes the big difference. I think we're not hearing anything that makes a significant change of what we're seeing today.
Joel Reiss: Well, I think we're seeing steady improvement in the outlays. The outlays are still a little bit slow in terms of solicitations converting into orders compared to historical levels, but as Kevin just mentioned, bookings were stronger than shipment, so I think we continue to anticipate some runway there.
Joel Reiss: I don't think so. I think as Jorge said last quarter, our view of value creation is a three pronged approach. We focus on value based pricing of our products, managing our cost structure and providing innovative solutions. We've only recently closed on it, but we're looking to leverage all three. We think it's a great business, that's been well run, and our goal is to optimize it, similar to what we've done in past acquisitions. We've got a, as I mentioned on my opening remarks, we've got a seasoned executive and Paula Wheeler leading the integration, and I think we think it'll fit well into the TransDigm formula.
Joel Reiss: I think on the cargo side, the yields are down for them significantly. They've obviously increased the significant amount of belly capacity in the last several months as international travel has kicked up. And we have to see how that all shakes out, but we think it has had some impact this quarter. We'll see how it shakes out going forward.
