Liza Sabol: Thank you, Andrew. Welcome to TransDigm's fiscal 2016 fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; Chief Operating Officer of our Power Group Kevin Stein; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Paradie. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks and replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our Web site at transdigm.com. It should also be noted that our Form 10-K will be filed tomorrow and also will be found on our Web site. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during this call which are not historical in fact are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements please refer to the company's latest filings with the SEC available through the Investor section of our Web site or at sec.gov. The company would also like to advice you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA is defined for adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA as defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. I will now turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Thanks Terry. Operator we are now ready to open the lines. I do ask that you limit your questions to two per person and reinsert yourself into the queue. Thank you.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, again, for calling into our call this morning and please look for our 10-K that will be filed tomorrow.
Nick Howley: I'm very hesitant to forecast that. One thing I've sort of learned at least for me that I'm not very good at predicting the directions to the capital market. We would -- I would expect that the rates might start to move up, but I have to say, we've been consistently wrong on that for the last three to four years. We used a little higher rate here primarily to be conservative not that we have any particular insight in that, Rob. I think realistically, what we will do is, we'll assess it quarter-by-quarter as we go forward.
Nick Howley: I'd like to see, Rob, it's hard to put an actual number on it. But I would say in the commercial transport for the year, you know our commercial transport which is the biggest slug of it, was up a little over 9%. I think that is getting closer to reflecting the consumption rate though maybe not quite there yet, but it hasn't -- it hasn't -- it doesn't reflect any snapback, which frequently happens after you have a couple of years that don't quite reflect the consumption. I think that's probably about the best I can add to it.
Nick Howley: Yes. As we've disclosed we have essentially a hedge -- we have a cap in there around 2.4%. And then we also have another swap up there that has cap at 2.8%. So you have around 150 or 175 basis points, if you will of room within that collar of those swaps you have in place.
Nick Howley: I'm talking about 2016. 2016 essentially the receivables when you sort it all out the receivables were a little higher at the end of the year, which is kind of just the timing of how much stuff shipped in August versus September. That's the significant movement.
Nick Howley: Well, I think we gave the number, right? We told you between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion is where we expect the cash to be at the end of the year.
Nick Howley: I'd do something again. Take the EBITDA in the range of 50% turns into cash and hopefully a little higher.
Nick Howley: I don't think materially, as you probably know, Boeing is pushing around the industry to extend the terms up to 90 days. I don't think that has materially impacted our number. Maybe that's moved around through the industry maybe it's moved to one day or something, but I don't think its material impact.
Nick Howley: Yes. I'd say the same as usual. The cycle seems long enough to me. You are starting to see I would say probably more sort of negative comments, some positive comments and the 18 cycle, the shipments in 18 will start to reflect back on our 2017 shipments in the back half of the year. So people start to tweak that, it will reflect into 2017. That's what I was trying to -- the point I was trying to make. So we're cautious.
Nick Howley: I don't recall. I think, I don't remember, but let me not speculate. We are concerned that -- we're concerned that the back end of it could soften and reflect back into 2017 and that's why our [indiscernible] OEM pick up isn't larger. I don't remember the exact rate and I don't want to stab at it.
Nick Howley: Yes. We don't disclose the content by plane, but we think the 777x, as we sit here today will very likely end up somewhere around the same content. We don't expect a lot of change.
Nick Howley: I'm not sure exactly how you're coming up with that number. What I'd do is take the 50% of EBITDA you saw our CapEx number around $84 million, $85 million and use the 31% initially as your cash tax rate and that should get you sort of in that free cash flow range that we are talking about and we guided $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion.
Nick Howley: Yes. I don't have a good number for that. I would say on the -- as I think we told you before, the content picks up pretty well in the 787. The content is pretty good on the -- picks up nicely on the A350. I would expect the 777, the A320 Neo, and the 737 Max and that have a lot of change in their content. Boeing and Airbus' goal was to not make substantive changes in them so you wouldn't expect to see a lot of change.
Nick Howley: Yes. I mean the commercial transport growth if you look at mid to high single-digit next year, the commercial transport growth we would expect be higher, if you think the business was higher than the average, same thing. If you take the business jet and I suspect the freighter, they will be a little bit of a down drag so take whatever number you want to use from mid to high single digits the commercial transport is probably on the upper end of that point and the others are down on the lower end.
Nick Howley: I don't think so. I mean, I think that it's going to change versus the intrinsic demand, not just [indiscernible].
Nick Howley: Yes. I would say you can almost generally go through and we do it unit by unit, product line by product line. So it bounces around, but the way I would think about it is almost take the growth in RPMs by region of the world and that will give you some pretty good idea.
Nick Howley: Well, the after market shipments -- the shipments were sequentially up and the bookings I don't -- I just don't have a good -- I'd say the same -- I can't say they are noticeably separated. They are roughly close on the year and I think the fourth quarter isn't much different.
Nick Howley: I suspect that's a high number. We under spent against our budget the previous year and I expect that's a little high.
Nick Howley: Restricted payment is off to 7.25 net on -- and 4.25 on secured debt capacity and then for new debt, plus the including the target of that.
Nick Howley: Oh, I think it would be -- it's hard to say exactly what the point is when your concern gets to that. It's a little bit of an art rather than a science. But clearly starting to see more announcement of turn down of rates in either predictions of turn downs in 2018 or even the beginning of 2019 would do it. Now sometimes you don't see the announcements. No one announces it, but you'll all of a sudden see the orders are starting to slowdown that's another thing that would do it. And we'll just watch those as the year goes. You were quite -- we're prepared and as we've done in the past we'll move quick to stay out ahead of this.
Nick Howley: I think that is materially very close. I mean, why we hedge a little bit, there is no guarantee that someone makes a change they send us an e-mail and tell us they changed it, but we have a pretty good beat on it.
Nick Howley: Like everyone in the industry, Boeing has been pressing what they call as partnership for success which is the least to roll into less contracts, I would say and we ended up about two or three years ago with sort of modified version of that where the terms and conditions we agreed to generically and the rest of it is more product by product focus.
Nick Howley: I don't know. It was behind us two years ago but the contract runs for five years, or maybe it was -- was it three years ago or two years ago? I can't remember now. The contract runs for five years, so you'll reengage again a couple years before the contract runs out.
Nick Howley: No, we have not. We have not. As always we hear talk about periodically, but we haven't seen any significant activity. At least for any of the proprietary a very small percent of our business is non-proprietary and that part of it you'll see it. It's not unusual.
Nick Howley: Primarily we own the IP and it is a very expensive switching process. It's long and expensive. I mean the main way you protect yourself is deliver quality product, deliver it on time, and service the heck out of the account and fix it fast if something comes up because the math rarely works because of the switching cost.
Nick Howley: I doubt first I have no idea but that's not going to stop me from saying something, I'm leading into that, I have no idea, but I'd be surprised if it has an impact on worldwide revenue passenger miles, but I guess you might see more defense spending perhaps, but I have no way to know how to handicap that at this point.
Nick Howley: I would say they were small to mid to large, but I'd also say that's almost always the case. The bigger ones tend to somebody decides to sell them and they come up and you've got to move pretty quick on them. I'd say the backlog doesn't look a lot different than it often looks.
Nick Howley: Well, when I say the backlog of things we're looking at, if it's not proprietary, it doesn't a reasonable amount of after market, it's not in our backlog.
Nick Howley: Well, yes, Noah what I was trying to point out there is, the bookings ran behind the revenue this year 2016. So what I was trying to point out is that I don't think that's indicative of 2017 because there were a few big orders placed in 2015 that were multi-year orders. So they don't repeat each year, they repeat every other year -- every third year, something like that. I don't know if that's clear or not. That's what I was trying to point out what the rationale was for the booking probably behind. I think -- go ahead, sorry.
Nick Howley: It's more like the long cycle programs. I would say the only one that I would say that could as you sort of pay your money and take your choice on what theA400 shipping rate is going to be. That was one of them and there could well be up or down adjustments for that as it's been kind of running in fits and starts.
Nick Howley: If the question is could it be higher? Yes, it surely could and I would hope it would be. But, we sort of have to take our best estimate based on what we get out of the product teams, what we see in our incoming booking rates and forecast it out. Now, I would doubt we would be very far off on the OEM programs, but what could easily move up or down, I would hope up not down is the after market. If you get more active or you just decide to restock those things can move pretty quickly.
Terry Paradie: As moving into 2017, I think the key assumption there is around the cash taxes. As we've said, on some of my prepared comments, we expect before discrete our effective tax rate to be around 31% this year and with the new accounting change most of the stock option exercises reduced your cash tax rate down to the lower amount, so now that that's in your provision, we expect our cash tax rate to be slightly below or at that 31% going forward.
Terry Paradie: Our EBITDA as defined number and still in that ratio of around 50% cash turn you can figure out what the free cash flow would be in our CapEx number.
Terry Paradie: Yes. I think as Nick talked about a little bit earlier receivables were up a little this year, but purely on a timing standpoint and I think we talk about EBITDA as defined, we turn 50% of that into cash and that's sort of our metric for free cash flow and we don't see anything unusual there.
Terry Paradie: At this point in time we only have about 130 million remaining through the end of the year and we would have to get an amendment to do an additional dividend which by the way just almost every time we do this, you have to get an amendment.
