W. Nicholas Howley: We won't see how it fared geographically. We don't -- that's not part of what we disclosed. I don't think the trends changed significantly from last quarter. Where the softness is there's softness in Europe and you're not seeing as much growth as we would've anticipated in China. Now that being said, obviously, it looks like they all may be getting a little better. With respect to the 2 segments, I don't think you'll see anything significantly different in them, and if it is, it's just a quirk in the timing. The airframe segment, just by the nature of the products, has a little less aftermarket. So its margins will always be a little lower. It just has some of the products in there going in an airplane and staying on longer, so you don't have quite as much aftermarket in that segment.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, maybe a little more confidence. I think you might be overstated there. I think, I said I feel a little less negative about kind of the degree of the downturn. I mean, very simply, everything I read from other aerospace companies, and I look at our underlying numbers and they're hanging in better than I expected. And that happens 3 or 4 quarters and it starts to influence a little bit your view of it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I would say there's no -- I can't say there's any substantive change in the pricing environment. Surely, that's true in the aftermarket. Many of the large OEMs are around seeking to get their cost down. I don't -- I'm not going to comment on any customer relationship specifically, but I would be surprised if it materially impacts the company at the end of the day, whatever sorts out on those issues.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would say, as you can see, you can almost look at the differences in growth this year between the 2, the OEM grew faster than the aftermarket, or we have the aftermarket almost flat, the OEM up whatever we said, I'm saying this from memory now, about 10%. That generated about a 1-point margin movement. You can sort of work backwards on that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. That is purely -- all that is just a math calculation to say how much we could do. That's not speaking at all to what may or may not be available. We wanted to be sure, and want to be sure our shareholders knew, that after we paid this dividend out, that it didn't materially impact our ability to buy. That was the point of that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes. I can't say it has significantly -- if I say the chatter, well, I can't say it's particularly higher or lower than it was over the last 3 or 4 months. Obviously, there's 3 less companies on the list than there were a month ago because we bought them. But other things fill in.
W. Nicholas Howley: Something like that. But we expect we'll be down in relatively short order into the range we typically run. I don't -- I think we gave you the rough range. When we move outside of it, there's usually some transient reasons that makes sense to do for a short period of time.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, depending on the facts and circumstances. We haven't changed our fundamental idea of where we target.
W. Nicholas Howley: Let me see where at least I'm coming from all that. I don't see anything disconnecting. I mean, we are still primarily compensated on our equity. The company will continue to do that. So I guess I'm seeking what is you're after here on this.
W. Nicholas Howley: Okay. I get it. Typically, what we do, and I'll speak now to the senior management and we typically do this also for the operating management, we renew -- we give a new award -- let me put aside, assuming someone isn't promoted into a new job, because then that's handled differently, but in the existing job, what we typically do and at least anticipate continuing to do is every 2 years, a person gets a new 2-year award that they vest in the fourth or fifth year out in front of them. So the idea is they always have 4 or 5 years of performance-based vested options in front of you. If you follow that, we used to, some number of years ago, let them -- up until about 3 or 4 years ago probably, we gave out 5 years at a time, then we let them run down to almost zero then reload everybody. We decided to smooth that a little more. I think you get to the same place, but we didn't want this cliff thing going on.
W. Nicholas Howley: It's running ahead, it looks like almost 10%. So actually, in this last quarter, it was below. So I wouldn't take any -- I wouldn't draw much from that just because it's running strongly ahead for the year.
W. Nicholas Howley: Not in the fourth quarter. If that other suit takes place -- it will come probably more ratably in FY '14. We don't anticipate any in the first quarter either. This is Nick Howley. Let me back up a minute. I had the wrong number. The bookings to shipments for defense for the year is 7%, about, not 10%. It's always a danger just pulling the number quickly off the chart.
W. Nicholas Howley: I mean, I would say subject -- and this is subjective, I don't have a good number for you though. So Ray and I have been doing next year's business plan review, so we've been sort of getting a pretty good subjective feel here. I would say the discretionary type product lines or the guys running them are still not feeling so good. Ones that are less discretionary, are feeling a little more upbeat.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yes, that would be an example. Now it depends on the interior product, but that would be -- an example might be faucets, interior faucets. If the faucet gets ugly and just drips a little bit, you can not replace it. Or fin latches, you can let them get sloppy.
W. Nicholas Howley: I would -- I don't know that I can draw a clear distinction there, probably both a little better than we thought.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, let me ask to go forward first. I just can't make any prediction there. That's just a function of how much cash we think is available based on how much we're generating and what we see and what our needs are. I mean, to some degree, that's what we handle in the special dividends. But we do generate a lot of cash and to the extent that we have extra cash, we'll continue to do things with it or we'll continue to give back to the shareholders. I would say, as far as the special dividend versus buyback, if -- I would say we will look at that on a case-by-case basis. As a general rule, and again, many times, the specifics of the situation overrule it, but as a general rule, a significant payout like we just did, 10%, 15%, 20% of the value that would make you buy back in 10%, 20% of the shares probably would concern us about the -- that we could get that done quickly and we wouldn't have a lot of execution risk on the price. As the number drop down lower, we're probably more inclined to do a buyback. We view them as the same thing, just going one way or the other.
W. Nicholas Howley: Also, by the way, I would add, there was -- at least now and there could be in the future, there were some tax advantage due to the return of capital calculation of the dividend.
