Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank all of you that have called in today and welcome you to TransDigm's Fiscal 2011 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this morning are TransDigm's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Nick Howley; President and Chief Operating Officer, Ray Laubenthal; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Rufus. A replay of today's broadcast will be available for the next two weeks. Replay information is contained in this morning's press release and on our Website at transdigm.com. We also note that our Form 10-K will be filed tomorrow and also will be found on our Website. Before we begin, the company would like to remind you that statements made during the call, which are not historical in facts are forward-looking statements. For further information about important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available through the Investors section of our Website or through the SEC Commission’s Website at sec.gov. The company would also like to advise you that during the course of the call, we will be referring to EBITDA, specifically EBITDA As Defined, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the tables and related footnotes in the earnings release for a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined, adjusted income and adjusted earnings per share to those measures. With that, let me now turn the call over to Nick.
Liza Sabol: Thank you, Greg. In order to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions, I would ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. If you have further questions, I would ask that you re-insert yourself into the queue and we will answer those questions as time permits. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines.
Liza Sabol: Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for participating on this morning's call. And just as a reminder, we expect to file our 2011 10-K no later than tomorrow.
Nick Howley: Well, yes, and probably really, the answer is sort of all of the above. The things you can measure are, the OEM is growing faster than the aftermarket. And as you know, Carter, that naturally mixes it down a little bit.
Nick Howley: In the defense, it is pretty good margin, and it’s – we are assuming it dropped a little. So, you have the same phenomenon going on there. You also have Schneller coming in, we just bought it at the end of the year. And Schneller comes in at a lower margin than the average and dilutes us down. Those are probably the two significant factors that sort of mitigate some of the underlying rise.
Nick Howley: We will continue to have some amortization from that and from other acquisitions. I think that was about $0.17 on an EPS basis. And quite frankly, we don't or we haven’t – we don’t look or measure as McKechnie in total year-over-year. I mean, they are all going toward our value drivers and they are all improving their margin position. So, we lose that comparison pretty quick.
Nick Howley: I will check with Rob after the call, because when you do GAAP versus pro forma and you can get a little bobbed up.
Nick Howley: Yes, but Rob, as I think you know, in inflection points in the market, it disconnects. And in the downturn – sort of in the downturn year, it disconnects, in the upturn year, it tends to disconnect.
Nick Howley: Yes. I will say, we are clearly – we have some concern about the economy. And where you will see that, if the economy softens a little, where you will see that first is in commercial aftermarket revenues.
Nick Howley: I would say, no, there is not a lot of seasonality in the business. The impacts in margins, typically, when you look at this business and this year is no different, it's impacted by two things primarily, the OEM aftermarket mix in that particular quarter and acquisitions. That's what impacts it. And usually when you see a point or two swing, when you strip out the acquisition impact, it's almost exclusively the aftermarket OEM mix generally.
Nick Howley: Yes, that’s a good question. It's hard to say there was none in 2011, but I don't know there was nothing significant and I can't think of any. And there was surely nothing of any significance that's impacting that number much. In 2012, we really have not considered provisioning orders. They are awful difficult to predict. They are very dependent on when airlines buy, you know, and who provisions and who doesn't when they buy. You might have some upside on that.
Nick Howley: I don’t. As I sit here, I don't know if I can give you any specifics on that. My general sense is we saw softening almost everywhere. Not softening, I will say flattening is a better way to put it. And I also would say I would not draw a lot of conclusion from that. Couple of months particularly in booking space, when you are running hot, pumping in a whole lot, but you would rather, you would pump hard to see it, often flat. But I wouldn’t draw much from that. I would say if we come talk to you next quarter and say the same thing, then I would be starting to draw more of a conclusion.
Nick Howley: Yes, I would say there is always some pressure there and it always has been. I don't anticipate any significant change in our procedure, in our pricing policies.
Nick Howley: I just don't know. I mean, as you know, in the past, we have moved on that when it made sense. It's very hard to say. We will watch the capital markets, we will watch the acquisition markets, and we will sort of make our call-by-call, almost a quarter-by-quarter call on that.
Nick Howley: No, we just give the one. I would say, one of the issues always in the defense is it's a little harder to separate them out, because more of the aftermarket then happens in the commercial business, more of it sort of sneaks through the OEMs and sometimes it's harder to sort out. That's why we have given this one number.
Nick Howley: All right. It's mostly just concern about the overall budget. It all depends on spending. I would say it's not – in fact, as we try to give you a little sense, if you take the helicopter or helicopter/fixed-wing platforms, and the tanker transport platforms, which are probably, I think most people would say about this, maybe the most stable. That's about 60% of our business. So, that makes us feel okay. But we can't buy the fact that we are very uncertain, it's the way the spending levels go. And I would mostly describe it as, we are concerned about the receding tide drops all ships sort of a phenomenon.
Nick Howley: We sort of looked at everything we see now, everything we know now, we found our operating units take their best guesstimates and we tried to sort of put on a little bit of judgment to it at the corporate level, and this is sort of the best number we can come up with now. But I will tell you, if you ask me what my level of certainty around it is, I would say not real great. If you wanted to tell me it was 5% more than I said or 5% less than I said, I wouldn't argue with it. That’s all I know.
Nick Howley: We don’t know. We don't disclose our pricing, but I can go back through, I mean, if that's unclear, I can go back through our organic growth rates for 2012.
Nick Howley: Errol, this is Nick. We don't break that out, but I think you can see the margins on the acquisitions are moving up, because we averaged down when we bought them, and we are starting to come pretty close to approaching the margins on our full business before we made all these acquisitions, but we don't break them out separately.
Nick Howley: Yes, let me separate the 787 from the rest of the commercial transport business. The rest of the commercial transport business, we have a fair amount of visibility. As opposed to the aftermarket, whereas I think it was Carter Copeland who started off and asked me whether he had one or two quarters of visibility, and I said, surely, no more than that. In the OEM world, and again, I am separating 787, we have more like three to four quarters of visibility. We are pretty well locked in. So, if you separate out the 787, we know it pretty well – you know, absent some disruptive event that makes everybody slow down. The 787 frankly, we are just wary. We have had so many false numbers over the last four or five years, and we are unsure exactly how much inventory there is in the system, or how much they are going to leave in the system, it makes it a little bit difficult call. Now, that's the bad news on it. The good news on it is particularly at the beginning of the program like that, you don't make a whole lot of money. So, whether you call it wrong by 5 or 10 or 15 airplanes, is not going to make much a difference in the answer this year.
Nick Howley: Yes. Okay. I didn't know that you were making a distinction between a re-engine and a brand new airplane. A brand new airplane, I am going to say I have no idea. On the re-engine one, in general, this isn't 100% true, but in general, as much as possible, they try and stick with the suppliers they have on a base platform. So, you would expect to be fairly close and maybe hopefully pick up a little. But in general, it isn't a big disruptive event. That's probably about the best I can say.
Nick Howley: I am not sure whether it's unique to the mature programs or not. But we generally between the mix of pricing and cost reduction, we generally think we have margin expansion opportunities almost everywhere.
Nick Howley: Yes, I really wouldn't get too hung up on the 787. It isn't a big deal. It's not going to impact the 2012 number much, no matter what happens to it.
Nick Howley: For next year also? And where is that, what page is it? It's a small amount that it’s going to go out.
Nick Howley: Yes, fourth quarter, yes. It was a small amount. You will see it all in tomorrow's Q, but it was a small amount.
Nick Howley: What I tell most people is, when you look at the GAAP numbers, the GAAP numbers reflect the destination of the sale. The best example is, if we sell to Airbus, it looks like the sale going to Germany and France, but then Airbus sells back to the United States and everywhere. If you want to think about how our sales are, you have to look at where the installed base is across the world, because that's ultimately where our sales are consumed and our products are consumed. And I know that's a tough answer because when you look at our GAAP statements, we look like we are predominantly selling within the States, but when you sell to Boeing, Boeing exports to Singapore. So, think of our sales as the installed base.
Nick Howley: Fixed-wing, I mean, helicopters and fixed-wing – did I say fixed, I am sorry. I didn't mean to, I apologize – I meant helicopters and rotary wing. If I said fixed-wing, I am sorry, that confused everybody.
Nick Howley: Let me just brief that again for everybody, because I am looking at my script. I said fixed-wing and helicopter, I meant rotary wing and helicopter, helicopters, and freighters and tankers.
Nick Howley: We are nowhere near that numbers yet. But I would say, when Ray talked about the promotions, and that is mostly to fill holes that we found in acquisitions. In other words, that's not new hires, that's replacements. I would say in general, on adding costs and adding people, we are wary. Frankly, we are trying to be as careful as we can on that right now, just buy time, to see how things develop.
Nick Howley: I think we don’t disclose that, but I think we gave the revenue? Didn't we? And as you know Michael, we only owned it for two weeks, something like that. So, you can do the math.
Greg Rufus: Carter, we had a couple of different measure points. This is Greg talking. When we said it in total of 4, it included both, what I will say, normal operating margins, but then don't forget during the year, we had to write up inventory, we had to write up backlog, and those what I would call purchase price accounting adjustments, accounted for the other two. So, your 4 is a combination of, what I would call, accounting and operational. So, sorry to confuse you there.
Greg Rufus: As adjusted that we talk about – it’s about 2%, that’s correct. So, hopefully that helps you a little bit there.
Greg Rufus: But Carter, I will just add. There are three things to think about, when you think about business. Again, the commercial OEM business is growing faster than, much faster than the defense business and faster than the commercial aftermarket, and that's the lowest margin. We do still have some residual from the McKechnie business, but that's getting better, but we have added the Schneller business also, and that's a significantly lower margin.
Greg Rufus: Those are the two things it sort of ends up almost – the increase in improvement is sort of offset by them and time will tell. We will see how that mix works out through the year.
Greg Rufus: I was thinking on an EBITDA space, I would have to see your math, because I don’t want to send people off, because again we try to give you all the details here, Rob.
Greg Rufus: Let me give you the pieces again, Rob, and I think that and you can sort of assign the mix you want. Commercial transport aftermarket is about 10% up, business jet aftermarket mid-single digits. The commercial OEM business all of it is mid-teen percent up and defense is down low-single digits.
Greg Rufus: You know, where we could be a little bobbed up to, we are talking about total organic growth here. That includes our defense, as we call it, flat. We have been focusing on commercial.
Greg Rufus: As we have said, we are always cautious on straight quarter-to-quarter pure comparisons. When we discussed last year's fourth quarter, it was a record quarter, which we said all the stars were aligned and this isn't sustainable. Having said that, our full-year margins have improved year-over-year, and we are pretty proud about that.
Greg Rufus: Minimal. We didn't own the fasteners for about 45 days during our fiscal year. And the AQS wasn’t that big. It's obviously excluded from our guidance already in 2012, but the year-over-year, wasn't that big. In fact, actually you don't even see it because of discontinued –
Greg Rufus: You are right. The dividend thing is the first quarter. The non-cash compensation is ratable over the year, and the acquisition stuff is going to be front-end loaded, most of it done by the first six months. Because some of it is tied to acquisition, as you got to peel off inventory off of an inventory toward backlog’s 12 months. So, it's going to be front-end loaded.
Greg Rufus: That includes the – no, for the extension. We don't include the extension when we do that, do we? Yes, not until it’s passed by law.
Greg Rufus: Errol, this is Greg. I would like to point out that our goal when we make an acquisition isn't to get it to the corporate averages, our goal is to whatever we buy, it is to create the shareholder value. So, in an absolute or a theoretical example, here I would love to buy something that’s 5% or 10%, and if I took it to 35% or 40%, we would all be happy. So, we don't have a firm goal to say, whatever we buy has to get through a TransDigm average, our goal is whatever we buy has to create shareholder value.
Greg Rufus: Yes, and the other way to make that even more obvious is, Aviall through Boeing is one of our biggest customers. A vast majority of those sales get recorded, and so it's going to Dallas, Texas. Almost none of that ends up in Dallas, Texas, it ends up all over the world.
Greg Rufus: Fiscal '12 will be right around 2%, just a bit under. You know, we range between 1.5% and 2%, and we think we will be closer to the 2% than the 1.5% for fiscal ‘12.
Robert Spingarn: Yes, I am talking about revenue, and I am just assigning your guidance from slide 6 across the businesses. So, up mid-teens in OE to –
Robert Spingarn: No, I see that, but it's very sensitive. You have talked about in the past being very correlated with that RPM growth.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. I will leave it with that. I guess I am hoping that aftermarket guides are little conservative.
