Mike Lisman: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to quickly hit on a few additional financial matters for the quarter and expectations for the full fiscal year.  First, on organic growth and liquidity. In the second quarter, our organic growth rate was 17.6%, driven by the continued rebound in our commercial OEM and aftermarket end markets. On cash and liquidity, free cash flow, which we traditionally define at TransDigm as EBITDA, less cash interest payments, CapEx and cash taxes was roughly $350 million for the quarter. Below that free cash flow line, we saw networking capital consume just over $220 million of cash during the quarter, as we built both accounts receivable and inventory to support the ongoing and continuing sales ramp-up on both the OEM and aftermarket sides of the business. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.4 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 5.6x, down from 6x at the end of last quarter.  Pro forma for the Calspan acquisition which just completed yesterday, we have $2.7 billion of cash and a net debt to EBITDA ratio of about 5.7x. On a net debt to EBITDA basis, that puts us below the five year pre-COVID average level of 6x. Additionally, our cash interest coverage ratios such as EBITDA to interest expense, are currently in line with where we've historically operated and been comfortable operating the business. As always, we continue to watch the rising interest rate environment and the current state of the debt markets very closely. During the second quarter, we completed refi’s of two of our nearest maturity term loans, E&F as well as the $1.1 billion Senior Secured 8% rate note that we took on at the outset of COVID out of an abundance of caution. The net effect is that we extended these debt maturities out from 2025 into 2028.  While we ended up not needing the proceeds of that $1.1 billion insurance policy note, as we called it, to withstand the COVID downturn, we felt it was prudent to have the excess cash as we headed into those tough times. We'll continue to operate the business with that kind of conservatism when it comes to our capital structure, in good times and bad, and expect to remain proactive and prudent. Pro forma for this note refinancing and term loan extension, our nearest maturity is now 2026. As a result of these various refinancings, we had some puts and takes on interest expense, the net impact of which is that our interest expense estimate for FY’23 kicked up slightly, as you can see in today's updated guidance. Over 75% of our total $20 billion gross debt balance is fixed or hedged through fiscal ‘26, and this is achieved through a combination of fixed rate notes, interest rate caps, swaps, and colors. This provides us adequate cushion against any rise in rates, at least in the immediate term. Specifically on the interest rate hedging point, you'll see some detail on the 10-Q on new hedges that we put in place during this past quarter to extend our coverage out another year through fiscal ‘26. One special note on the cash mechanics of the debt refi’s, due to the way the timing worked, we had $1.1 billion of restricted cash on our balance sheet at quarter end, but that cash was dispersed just after quarter end in the first couple days of April when we successfully completed the retirement of the 8% bond I mentioned. So as of today, as it pertains to our balance sheet, the restricted cash balance, as well as the amount due on that 8% debt note are both zero. As we sit here today, from an overall cash, liquidity, and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in good position with adequate flexibility to pursue M&A or return cash to our shareholders via buybacks or dividends during fiscal ‘23. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: It's hard to say exactly how it plays out over the course of the year. From peak to trough during COVID, about $400 million came out. If you look at the math around that, we're close to all of that having gone back in. Not quite there, but pretty close. Though it's hard to give exact guidance by quarter, but I think we're getting closer to the max amount that should be back in there. So we don't expect to see a sizable uptick of the type we saw this past quarter and future quarters.
Mike Lisman: Yeah, generally with regards to the capital structure and interest rates, we don't take a strong position on where they're going to go. As we've said before, we're in the business of focusing on keeping on time delivery and quality of our parts as high as we can, rather than trying to predict where rates might go.  That said, this past quarter we did take a bit of a different approach. And when we did the new hedges, we did collars rather than swaps, so that if rates do float down a bit, we'll get some of that benefit down to about a 2% SOFR rate. So you'll see some of that detail in the 10-Q when it's filed later this week. And then as always, I mean we can if they – overall market rates did step back by two to three percentage points, you can go in and refi, right. We can re-price our bank debt of which we've still got $6 billion or so and bring down the rate on that and we can also, if it makes sense take out some of the fixed notes. There's a breakage cost on the latter, but it's just math and if the rates come down enough, you could take out those notes earlier, pay the prepayment penalty, so that you get the benefit of lower rates going forward.
Mike Lisman: I think Sheila on that point, we'll give the guidance when we give it. We're just getting started with our detailed bottoms-up opportunity forecast year for the next 12 months this coming month or so, and I think we don't want to get out over our skis in terms of predict and where commercial aftermarket volumes could go from here. Things are still changing quickly and as we've said all along, the recovery could be lumpy here. 
Mike Lisman: No, I think in general the majority across the operating units are participating in the recovery. There could be some puts and takes across any given quarter, but we're not seeing any significant differences in the commercial aftermarket there.
Mike Lisman: To add to that, commercial transport is stronger than the business jet and helicopter, but business jet and helicopter aftermarket is very strong as well and a small portion of the overall aftermarket revenue as you know.
Mike Lisman: I think that's right. As we said many times before, we feel comfortable in sort of a six time area, and then it's always dependent on not just the leverage level, right? But how far out to the right can you kick the maturities? That's as important a part of the equation as just what the overall leverage level is and we always try to manage that. 
Mike Lisman: Yeah, I'll think that. As you know, we really don't separate out the defense OEM from the aftermarket. I think both are performing relatively equally in terms of how they are tracking. It's a difficult environment as the government continues to do its best to support Ukraine and figure out how they are going to spend funds.  So I think our – the general commentary that I've provided in the opening in terms of we're seeing a slow but steady improvement in the outlays, but the fact remains the outlays are still a little bit slow in terms of solicitations closing into orders as we look at the historical timeframes. 
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I think there's more properties available, more coming available, things that have long been rumored, have come to market or we now know are definitively coming. So that certainly sets up favorably for us. 
Kevin Stein: I've not noted any difference in pricing. Maybe things have come down ever so slightly, but they are still going for high multiples. People remember what they can command or what they could and are still expecting that.
Kevin Stein: I'll give you my thoughts and Jorge can chime in. But the build rates are improving, deliveries are improving, and we're finally starting to see the order book build on the OEM side. So that's really the genesis of it.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I think you're right in what you're saying about the percentage up. But I still think we're 10% to 15% volume light in our numbers. That still has the potential to come in as people fly more and that gets us back to really where we were pre-COVID.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I think our supply chain has done a nice job recovering and trying to support the ramp up. I think in general terms we've seen more stable and predictable performance out of the suppliers. Electronic components as I mentioned, continue to be a little bit of a minor pain point. But I'd say generally, that's getting better as well.
Kevin Stein: Sure. Yeah, I don't think we've really run into any significant retention issues through this process. Definitely we've seen the overall labor market improve at most of our locations in terms of the production labor. Still a little bit tight on the higher technical and engineering expertise. But again, a little bit of signs of improvement there as well. 
Kevin Stein: Well, I guess we'll have to see how the order book continues to evolve. Of course as we – it all depends on takeoff and landings and if the flight activity continues to increase, then we'll see continued strength. I think we're just seeing the opening innings really of China coming back and it's good to see that in the numbers. But hard to put any parameters on it from here, except we do expect things to continue to improve for the year. But it will have to slow down at some point as OEMs start to ship more, but we'll have to see how that unfolds.
Kevin Stein: This is still an inflationary environment. I don't see any changes. Our goal is to, as always, to pass along inflation. That's what we try to do. I think we've all seen reports from the airlines of ticket price increases in the likes. So I would say all of the market has been successful in passing this along as we have needed to perform. 
Kevin Stein: Well, we don't give geographic splits. We don't actually know. We sell a lot of that through distribution and OEM, so we don't actually know. I think the way to model it is to look at what is missing from the flight activity, from pre-COVID to now. And that gives you an idea of what's still missing from our business. And there's still a – as Jorge alluded to in his remarks, there's still a chunk of China flying activity that has a materialized yet, but certainly looks like it will.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I would take me at face value there. It's typical than we've traditionally experienced and more so than the last couple years. There's a lot in the pipeline right now, and the team is busy, but you cannot, that doesn't linearly protect closings of course, but we're very busy right now. 
Kevin Stein: I think that when things stabilize, when we get back to normality, whatever that looks like, I think 100 to 150 basis points expansion per year on margin, apples-to-apples is always what we have models and tried to achieve and I think that's a fantastic target. 
Kevin Stein: I think there's plenty of value out there. I don't - given our ability to generate value, I think we don't turn away when prices go up necessarily, as long as we remain convicted with the individual property products.  So, the value, what we have to pay, doesn't factor in too much. So we're not concerned if prices stay high, go higher. When you find a business that matches the criteria that we look for, highly engineered products, you're going to have a successful run with those kinds of products over their lifetime. 
Kevin Stein: I think we're in the early innings here and difficult to comment too much. I don't know if this business gets to the average of TransDigm, but I guess our view that it doesn't have to, as long as we continue to find pathways to private equity like returns. I don't know if the business has to get to TransDigm average margins, but there's no reason to believe any business in the aerospace sector that is highly engineered produces a technical product like what we specialize in that it couldn't get there.  But right now, we're not modeling it that it definitely will, but we'll have to see. There's lots of room for value generation. 
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I really don't want to comment or get into specific contract terms. As you know, each of our operating units independently to go shape the contracts with the government and I would be speaking out of turn. 
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I don't know that we'd have any comments specific to that environment benefiting pricing. Again, as I've stated many times, our pricing philosophy remains unchanged. It's based on a market-based value for the products that we deliver and design and produce. And we look to realize real pricing on top of inflation. And I think that has been something that's been very consistent in the history of the company and that's how we continue to approach it.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, each business and each operating unit has its own stated lead times that they provide to the end users and the airline customers when they come in for any particular demand and those lead times can vary based on operating units. In general, given the recovery that we've seen in the aftermarket and the commercial transport aftermarket specifically, we've tried to invest in some inventory to be able to support the customer base. And I'm – off hand, I'm not aware of any specific pain points in terms of supplying airlines or turning around spares activity. Again, as a general comment, electronic component availability is still a little bit tight, but the team's been doing a nice job managing through that. 
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, I'd echo Kevin's comments. Generally, there's some level of offset from the OE production rate increases to when the sub-tiers in our business sees that demand. So, we're cautiously optimistic that they are moving the rates up and will continue to produce more aircraft as we go forward in the future.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah. I would add, as we were very excited about the acquisition, I'd first say, excited that we closed it yesterday. But as we evaluated the opportunity, we saw many of the characteristics and attributes that we've seen in other businesses that we've acquired. They do very highly engineered proprietary testing. They are a great partner with their customer-based, primarily aerospace and defense, which we like as well. And there was no fudging the numbers or changing any type of criteria. We evaluated it. We expected to perform as other acquisitions, past acquisitions have performed and generate the typical returns that we did expect, so we're very excited about it. 
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, I think as you guys know, we have no visibility into the inventory or specific trends in a particular region per se. Our largest sub-market, which is the passenger sub-market is seeing that bounce back in that growth and we're seeing it across multiple operating units. While cargo is down, we are seeing some improvement in terms of the belly cargo on some of those businesses as well. So I would say generally all of our operating units that support the commercial aftermarket are seeing the rebound in the recovery. 
Jorge Valladares: I would say interiors are following a similar trend. We're seeing a nice recovery there. We've probably seen that over last few quarters generally, but obviously as they continue to utilize the existing fleet, that's beneficial for potential down the road modifications and refurbish, etc.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, the international obviously is still lagging considerably compared to the domestic, but it's moving in the right direction.
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, I'd say airline profitability doesn't really come into play. As we've always stated our pricing objectives is to market based on the price and do better than inflation. So obviously with the higher inflationary environment, we're trying to get real price on top of the inflationary pressures that we're seeing in some of the costs that are flowing through the business. But we don't start looking at the profitability of the customer base or anything like that. 
Jorge Valladares: Yeah, I would say, our view on value creation is it's a three-legged stool, right. We're trying to make sure that we're getting the price to reflect the value of the products that we see. We're always trying to make sure we're managing the cost structures and pulling costs out of the business and then we want to be able to provide innovative profitable solutions to the customer base and that's not going to change with Calspan and frankly, that's not going to change across any of the portfolio companies that we own.  So, obviously we just closed on the acquisitions, but we're going to be looking to leverage all three in the process. It's a great business. It's been well managed and run and our hope is to be able to optimize it like we've been able to do with past acquisitions. 
