Mike Lisman: Morning, everyone. I'm going to first quickly hit on profitability trends for the business. Then, address a few additional financial matters for fiscal 21, and finally, I'll provide some more detail on our expectations for fiscal '22. First, in regards to profitability for fiscal '21, EBITDA has defined of about $636 million for Q4 was up 28% versus prior year Q4. On a full-year basis, EBITDA's defined was about $2.19 billion, down 4% from the prior year.  EBITDA's defined margin in the quarter was approximately 49.7%. This represents sequential improvement in our EBITDA 's defined margin of almost 400 basis points versus Q3 of '21. Moving on, a few quick notes on the full '21 fiscal year. I want to provide one quick M&A related data point that you might find helpful for your financial models as we head into FY22.  As you know, we divested several businesses during 2021, all of which were sold out of continuing operations. As a result of the accounting treatment applied, roughly $130 million of revenue, and $25 to $30 million of EBITDA As defined from the divested operating units, remains in our FY21 results. This revenue and EBITDA will, obviously, not carry over into FY '22. On cash and liquidity. We ended the year with approximately $4.8 billion of cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 7 times. In the early days of October, we repaid the $200 million revolver draw-down that we made at the onset of COVID back in April of 2020. This was done out of an abundance of caution at the time, and we don't need the cash, so we've repaid it. Pro forma for the revolver pay down, our cash balance is $4.6 billion.  Next on the FY 22 expectations, we are not giving full guidance as Kevin mentioned, but we are providing guidance on select financial metrics, including the following: Interest expense is expected to be about $1.08 billion in FY 22 on taxes, our fiscal '22 GAAP and cash rates are anticipated to be in the range of 21% to 24%, and the adjusted tax rate will be a few points higher and in the range of 26% to 28%.  On the share count, we expect our weighted average shares outstanding will increase by about 800 thousand shares to $59.2 million in FY22, and that assumes no buybacks occurred during the fiscal year. Similar to prior years, the increase in shares outstanding is due to employee stock options that bested at the end of our FY21.  With regard to liquidity, we expect to continue running free cash flow positive throughout FY22. As we traditionally define our free cash flow from operations at TransDigm, which as a reminder is our EBITDA as defined, less debt interest payments, less CapEx, less cash taxes. We expect this metric to be in the 1 billion area, maybe a little better in Fiscal 22.  Assuming no M&A, no dividends or share repurchases, and no additional debt capital markets activities, this free cash flow generation together with a higher EBITDA figure, should the key -- should the COVID rebound continue, will likely reduce our net debt to EBITDA ratio to something more like 6 times at the end of fiscal '22, versus the current 5 times level.  Finally, one last note on the DOD Inspector General audit. As we mentioned previously, we've been actively engaged with the IG office, with some ebbs and flows, and this engagement is now complete. in our best assessment, and based upon what we saw, this audit appeared to be similar in scope to prior audits.  While it's difficult to know exactly when a final report will be issued publicly, we expect that this could happen any day now. Very likely during the first quarter of our fiscal 22. With that, I will turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: Sure. So first on the working capital, you'll see when we publish the 10-K later today, I don't think you have the full cash flow detail yet, but AR did tick up a bit this quarter, about $100 million went back into accounts receivable. We knew that was going to happen as a reminder from peak to trough, about $400 million came out of accounts receivable during COVID. So that's going to have to go in as we go back in, as we go through the rebound here.  It did tick up this year over the past couple of quarters, as you know, this last quarter was a $100 million that's going to continue into FY2022. Ultimately, how much goes back into AR and the pace at which that happens depends on the pace of the recovery. But we do expect it to be a use of cash on the order of at least $100 million during our FY2022, potentially more. That'd be a good problem to have, by the way. I mean, if the commercial markets rebound and we have to invest more in AR, we're happy to do that. We certainly -- we have the cash. And then sorry, Noah, your second question was on CapEx, I think.
Mike Lisman: We put out a range of 135 to 155 today. It is slightly higher on a percentage basis. It's tied to some one-time projects at some of our OP units. As you know, our first use of cash is to go and deploy it into our own businesses to help them grow and we're just doing some of that with some large one-time projects on select OP units.
Mike Lisman: On the quarter, I think was about point -- close to a percent. Just below 1%. A couple of tens below.
Mike Lisman: Well, I think it's traffic-growth related. And I think we're counting on that largely being U.S. - Europe related. We'll have to see how it unpacks around the globe. As you guys all know, we don't have geographical information along those lines. But we will continue to monitor this closely, if the traffic patterns come along like, we believe they might, then the other 20% to 30% planning, and I emphasize planning.  It's difficult to issue that as guidance, when as you know, aftermarket bookings tend to be booked and shipped, you don't have as much visibility. So this is for planning purposes and every business will have a slightly different plan along those lines. But we tried to give you a rollup of the range that will be based largely on takeoff and landing activity.
Mike Lisman: Sure. On leverage, we don't anticipate any kind of change. If you went back to the pre-COVID two-year period and averaged the quarterly net debt to EBITDA levels, you get about 6.0 times almost exactly. We're comfortable operating at that level. Some of the debt incurrence test and other things in our credit agreement are based off operating at that level and we're comfortable with it.  If anything, this pandemic, as you said, has proven that the business is very durable from a free cash flow standpoint and probably sustained more leverage than historical level, we've run at that. But we do want to keep some firepower for M&A at all times, including large deals. Moving on to the second part of your question. Large deals, as Kevin mentioned, we're more active now on the M&A side at the small to mid-size range.  But there are also obviously some large potential transactions that we track from time-to-time, both on the strategic side, but then also big divestitures that could maybe come out of some of the peers of ours in the aerospace industry. So we're always looking and always on the hunt as you know, whether it's large or small, we're targeting M&A of all sizes from kind of the really low the range, below a 100 million up to a couple of billion.
Mike Lisman: Yeah, it's hard to put an exact percentage on something like that. Ultimately, it depends on the on-sale risk. If there was something where it was maybe 50-50 and you had someone who wanted to buy the other 50%. That's a different situation than Esterline where we sold roughly a quarter of it. It's hard to answer that question.  But obviously, the Esterline transaction proved to us that we can go and buy something that's not 100% fit the day we own it, but then execute on M&A in the year or 2 post-deal close, to shape it down to the portfolio that we want to own forever in long term, so we do look at M&A situations like that going forward.
Mike Lisman: Yes, I don't think we want to get into -- go and provide any long-term guidance. I think, generally, just from our analyst day, and if we execute on the value drivers, EBITDA margins at TransDigm should improve by about 1 percentage point per year. If we come out of COVID, there's a potential that that gets mixed up a bit.  And maybe you do better if you mix more towards commercial aftermarket, but over a long span of several years, it should continue to approve for -- improve for the base business, absent M&A, by about a percentage point per year.
Mike Lisman: I think there's a potential for some disruption on the IG side as the report comes out just with the government purchasing, maybe slowing down a little bit. We did see some of that in the past. But remember of the defense bucket, the direct to government isn't all that significant, right? We also sell more product internationally into Tier 1, so it doesn't comprise all of that bucket, but we do potentially expect some slowdown as the report comes out here.
Mike Lisman: We're stepping up a little bit, but not quite to pre-COVID levels. I don't have the exact stats in front of me, but it's not quite back to 19 levels, but it's more than 20. For the most part, all of our folks here are back to traveling, whether it's M&A people pounding the pavement looking for deals or internal audit folks going out to OP units to do their work, we're not holding back at all here. It's pretty much full-go where we'd typically be, but it's slightly reduced headcount levels.
Mike Lisman: I mean, generally we don't give that kind of detail. I could say as we continued to adjust our resource levels that puts additional pressures on increasing production rates. We've got a few teams investing in new technologies for automation projects, and then a handful of other projects across the ranch.
Mike Lisman: Yeah. As you know, retirements have been very slow, and I think that has something to do with the stability of OEM supply and a ramp up in demand that doesn't allow retirements. We -- I think that that answers the question.
Kevin Stein: It's possible, Noah, that we could mix up. It's possible that we're being conservative. I think. there were some good news that happened in Q4, in terms of market mix and our performance. We're trying to be reasonable and transparent.  In what we see, there are a lot of unknowns that have to come to pass in terms of the commercial aftermarket bookings for this to all play out. So that’s the angle we took and what we rolled up from our teams, and thinks that it makes sense for us right now. if it's conservative, that'll be great. We would love to beat that.
Kevin Stein: I don't think we have, but this is part of the I guess conservatism. So we were -- we tried to be conservative as we forecast going forward. We haven't specifically allotted anything to supply chain disruption, but I think it is part of our belief that this could be an issue for us as we go forward as Jorge mentioned, specifically on electronic components and those types of parts, we're seeing some supply difficulty. In terms of inflationary pressures, I think we'd all agree that we will look to pass those along as we always have. We don't eat inflation in that regard.
Kevin Stein: On the margin guide, remember we also bought Cobham too, which kind of counteracts the divestitures the other way and cancels it out. So I think that kind of negates some of the impact that you mentioned and kind of --
Kevin Stein: Well, I think we're concerned about the first quarter only -- I guess concerned too strong of a word. We always see a normal dip in sequential from Q4 to Q1 given the less days. So I think we were always concerned that the market doesn't accurately predict that.  To give you some reason to believe in what we're saying, the bookings came out for Q4 very strong, and we booked ahead of shipments. That's encouraging for us clearly, and means that we're setting ourselves up for a strong position into '22, but Q1 is always a little bit weaker, because of seasonal performance.
Kevin Stein: Well -- and you've really zeroed in on why we struggled to give guidance on these numbers, because I don't have that visibility. I don't understand where it's going to come from. This is -- this comes as a roll-up from all of our teams who tell us, what they think they see happening in the marketplace based on what the customers are telling them. It is not -- it's not so easy for me to predict by region, by platform.  So we don't, and that's why I'm giving you some planning guidance. Instead, what we're planning on should happen, but how it actually gets to us, we don't -- it's not so clear. Where the orders are and where the shipments are. And therefore, what traffic needs to look like. And is the recovery in China, does that happen? What we're counting on is a consistent steady recovery like what we've seen. And that should give us these kinds of after mark improvement numbers.
Kevin Stein: Well the -- at the end of the day, the market says, what a property is worth. And it's up to us to follow what the market says, we have to pay. We are looking for highly-engineered, proprietary aerospace products that, have aftermarket access. The size of those businesses doesn't matter, as much as we want to identify those and get them into the fold.  We believe that, we can invest in those businesses and make them stronger. We're not looking for bigger and bigger deals. Our target is to acquire $50 million to $100 million a year. That's what works on our model and allows us to keep generating the kinds of value returns that we do. We're not getting overly fixated on doing a large deal.  But when they come along, we certainly look at them, we evaluate them. And the ones that we've proceeded with, I think, we've done pretty well. The market looks -- it's definitely picking up in activity. And it's always hard to predict when a close will happen, but we're seeing some interesting activity right now. And it's encouraging.
Kevin Stein: Yes. In general, we found that the OEMs in the Tier 1s were a little bit slow to respond in mid-year 2020, as the pandemic was ramping up. So we believe there is some natural inventory de -stocking continuing to go on. The orders are starting to come in. As I mentioned, the bookings were up in the commercial OE in Q4.  So that's a positive indicator. I don't have the details in terms of how it lays in across fiscal year 2022, but we don't think there's any significant issue there. It's just the timing and the lag of the OEM shutting off the valve, if you will, on the supply in 2020. And now, as they continue to ramp up in production.
Kevin Stein: No. I think the guidance that we provided is reasonable as you guys might know. Remember that defense markets in general have been very strong over the past 2 to 3 years. They can be lumpy in nature, in terms of the bookings, so I think the guidance that we're providing is within a reasonable range.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I think in general, our passenger sub-market, which is our largest sub-market has been strong as well as the cargo, as I noted in Q4, and sequentially ramped up across 2021. I don't think we have any data that would point it to a specific type of product or application. Generally, the airlines are starting to increase their flight schedules, which are positive, and they're ordering spares based on these.
Kevin Stein: Yes, it's possible. But we anticipate a similar process to -- or similar conclusions to last time. We'll see as we're still in the dark on the reports and some of its details. We've had a very co-operative, I think, work process going on with the IG and the DOD. And, I think, we're in a good place, but we're anxious to get the report issued and move on with business.
Kevin Stein: I think there's been speculation out there, in terms of the airlines trying to prioritize certain maintenance activities. It's hard for us to know, and we don't get visibility on the inventory levels at the airlines. I think just the general improvement in the marketplace and more planes flying
Kevin Stein: We can't speculate on when the acquisitions will happen. We always -- and this goes back to what I said earlier, in the uses of capital. Fund your own internal investment and payback. Look for acquisitions, and then, of course, look to get that cash back.  We will look to do that, of course, in the appropriate process that we always go through. We can't speculate on when acquisitions -- what might come along or not. We just know that right now from paying out a dividend or buying back shares, we're still in a little bit of a wait until next quarter.
Kevin Stein: Aftermarket orders for more immediate shipments. But that doesn't mean they're all due tomorrow. So there is still a little bit of a range over when these things are due. That's why it bleeds over quarter-to-quarter. In general, I think we're optimistic, because we see bookings continue to improve. And that means growth in aftermarket, as we go forward. And why we're planning on 20% to 30% possible aftermarket growth.
Kevin Stein: That's a fair comment. I don't think it's unusual. In a steady-state, we have airlines and distribution partners that we'll book some near-term and they also give us and the team some visibility on mid and longer-term needs.
Kevin Stein: Yes. I would say there was nothing material in terms of what was left at the dock, if you will. There's some noise here in there at a couple of operating units. But I don't think it provides a big tailwind as we go into FY22.
Kevin Stein: The way we look at this is, that when the orders come in, deliver them quicker and more reliably than anyone, and we will generate the returns and value generation we're used to -- you're used to. There's no Company you can count on to do that more reliably than us. Yeah, we're just trying to communicate that there is always push and takes and lumps in this business.
Kevin Stein: Business as usual, but some of our customers maybe aren't yet receiving us, but certainly within the Company, we are back to normal, yeah.
Kevin Stein: But the lion share of this is productivity in new business for related. It is not infrastructure nice to have kind of stuff, we were investing for payback and return. And that at the end of the day is the most important part of what we evaluate is what returns we are expecting as we invest a little more or less, we have to make sure we're still capturing those returns.
Kevin Stein: We're not -- as the teams put together their individual plans, we're not projecting a significant impact as a result of retirements in 2022.
Jorge Valladares: Sure. We've started to see some of the pushing out of lead times from the supply chain, primarily focused on electronic components. It's been spotty, nothing too significant at this point. But in all likelihood, this will get worse before it gets better.
Jorge Valladares: I would add the teams have done a lot of heavy lifting, in terms of restructuring and productivity focus. The last 12 months, we're pretty comfortable with the resource level that we currently have.  I think as most of the you know, as the commercial aftermarket rebound, that’s not as heavy in terms of labor requirements or resource requirements. So I think I'm pretty comfortable of where the teams are at. They've done a great job. And now we just need the market to recover.
Jorge Valladares: have led to some of the improvements we've seen across the whole fiscal year of 2021. And as Kevin and Mike noted, we again expect some sequential improvement from quarter-to-quarter as we go through fiscal year 2022.
Jorge Valladares: I don't think we've heard anything specific to decisions the airlines might be making regarding the higher fuel costs. I haven't heard anything from our teams.
Jorge Valladares: No. We're not given guidance on the denominator there, we're simply trying to give you a rough sense for the deleveraging by about a turn per year. But if you're trying to dial in and back into the EBITDA guide or something we're -- don't do it because you're not going to get the right stat.
