Nick Howley: One, Carter, as you know, I can't back into 2013 guidance yet. And our view on aftermarket gets you pretty close to the guidance for the year probably, but, I mean, the reality is, we are uncertain. I think this is primarily a function of worldwide economic activity. If you believe we're just in little bit of a dip or slowing down and it moves on sharply again, either as we proceed into the next quarter or after the election, I think you will likely see some kind of a snapback like you talked about. But that looks very uncertain to me right now, Carter. I don't have to call it. If I sit here today, I describe myself as quite cautious.
Nick Howley: No. The true answer is, Carter, no. By the way, hopefully, all the answers are true, but I can say and frankly this somewhat surprised me. As I look at our more discretionary things, parts in the last month and we are in the middle of our business planning review process so we are looking at detail of all the product line. Surprisingly, they don't look down any more than average or I can't say they are systematically off more. It's kind of surprised me which I don't know what that tells me, other than I don't see a systematic pulling back on discretionary items, particularly at this point.
Nick Howley: There are two things. For the quarter, I am always talking EBITDA margins and Greg was talking gross profit. So for the quarter, the dilution was 4 points on EBITDA margin for the acquisitions. For the year-to-date, it was 2.5 points for the acquisition dilution. The Greg's 2 points was gross profit, Greg, am I correct? Not.
Nick Howley: The truth is I don't remember exactly what specifically the acquisitions were quarter-to-quarter, but I would be surprised if they were flat. Generally, they are moving up.
Nick Howley: Yes. And I suspect somehow we are losing this in a quarter in rounding or something like that, I suspect.
Nick Howley: Yes. I would have thought you get closer to 10% but yes it's a little bit slower. That I wouldn't – that is just reflective of what the timing is on different product lines. I mean, generally, we are primarily in the commercial OEM. If you look at the commercial transport production rates, we are pretty evenly distributed across the miles. We probably run, I don't know depending on the product line somewhere between 3 and 12 months ahead, so maybe 6 months. So any whatever you are saying is just quarterly impact.
Nick Howley: It's just a timing question on shipments. Now I would say sometime if things start to back up in '14 in the commercial transport growth rate, we will start to see that sometime in '13.
Nick Howley: I think probably the difference in those growth rates is probably too close to call and it's in the noise level in the quarter when you look at it over full year. I think we are trying to get pretty close to what we think now.
Nick Howley: I think you are in the – whether it could be 0.5 one way or the other, I think you are in – I think it's in the noise level.
Nick Howley: Let me – I think we probably – we have confidentiality agreements on that. I think I had probably said about as much as I can say.
Nick Howley: But I think use the figure is around $3.5 million of EBITDA and you can probably figure they aren't the most profitable businesses in the world or we wouldn't be selling them.
Nick Howley: As I said, the AmSafe businesses will – let me put the ground face to face aside for a minute. It looked like there we were doing as well. If not, as I said, a little better than we expected when we bought it. These are more happy legs.
Nick Howley: Just the point I would like to make on that. What I expected to see, and this is to Carter's question at the beginning, I expected when we looked at the details, we see a more discretionary stuff, which is the minority of our products would be dropping off much more than rest of them. I don't see any consistency across that. The discretionary stuff is not, it was not reacting substantially different than the non-discretionary, which just says to me, [Myles], we're just sort of in a -- above the uncertain market. That's the only conclusion I draw from that now.
Nick Howley: I see geographically, though it's hard to get the data exactly every quarter, but we have a decent idea. Obviously, the European market is worse than the others. So presumptively items that were used more heavily in that area, or probably down more, but I can't put a number around that. But it's hard, as you know across the world, sort of the economic situation is slowing down a little bit.
Nick Howley: I can't say, because they have been close. The real answer is, I am not sure. But my guess is, if things close, won't close, the price is substantially different than they did, than they had over the last year. Surely, just from the outside looking and watching other deals that have closed, they have still closed at pretty healthy prices.
Nick Howley: We kind of (inaudible) government spent more money than we expected. Our product lines are weighted towards helicopters and transports, and not so heavily towards Tigers and ground vehicles, we are really seeing a slower stuff, and they are just holding up better. They are continuing to buy parts and repair services at a rate more than we expected. But I am mostly focused around, I would say, probably helicopters first and the transport plane second.
Nick Howley: Pretty clear. It sometimes gets a little more confused in the defense world than commercial, but generally pretty clear. I mean, the OEM rates don't change very quickly or very much and we know the (inaudible) content, so we can pretty well back in the production.
Nick Howley: In our prior year's Investor Days and so forth, we had given some of our -- an indication of how we were expanding our footprint. And really I didn't want to have the call go on for another half hour with me mentioning every product line. So we tried to pick kind of a cross section that wasn't heavy and either the new acquisitions are in the existing platforms, we just took a cross section. There's many, many other product point applications I just didn't mention. I was just trying to add color there. But we've -- prior to these most recent acquisitions, we had very good success expanding our footprint and these acquisitions are no different.
Nick Howley: (Inaudible) the companies that we call in all the time to see what they have -- to see what they're having to sell. We've been following that for six or seven months and we're hopeful we can see some things from (inaudible) there, but it's too soon to tell.Rama Bondada – Royal Bank of Canada: Okay, all right. Great, thanks a lot.
Nick Howley: Let me start. By the time I answer the first question, I probably would have forgotten the third, but I'll give it a try. On the acquisitions I would say we just don't comment -- we can't comment on that where they stand in the process (inaudible) we'll see what falls out. Sometimes things move fast, sometimes they all die and you end up with nothing. So I just -- I don't know how to handicap that now. What was the next question? Was the next question on the special dividend? I would say, as I've said in the past, you see our leverage drop down into the 3s, it's getting into the kill zone for us. I would think [absent] any acquisitions of significance or if we look ahead, we think we don't see any pending. If it gets down into that area, we probably very seriously considered doing something with our capital structure. Last winter, whenever -- November, December, we were almost in the throes of that and then this AmSafe came along and we -- and Harco together and so we had $850 million which is always our preference (inaudible). I mean we still believe that this is a company that should be leveraged. And letting the leverage drop down too low is not the way to optimize equity value. But it's a very fact and circumstance specific call.
Nick Howley: I don't think it's substantially different. Obviously, you get more handwringing and (inaudible) mashing at people when the market's tough, but -- I mean the fundamental economics don't change.
Nick Howley: Yeah, first it's not a big number. It's down -- it's down modest (inaudible) volume steadily, so that was noteworthy to us. I suspect it's just part of the general economic concern and so [I think] little bit of a feeling in Malaysia right now, that's what I suspect that I don't know whether it's a one quarter phenomenon. If we see it for two or three quarters in a row, then we'll be getting a pretty good idea. In the general aviation, which isn't a huge part of our business with impacts of a little, that comes to be impacted by [add gas] prices and [add gas] prices are pretty high for those propeller operators. But that's not new for me, that's been a phenomenon for a little while. But my overall guess is, is that we're just -- this is just part of the general economic concern we're seeing across things. I'm sure everyone else is seeing across a lot of industrial businesses.
Nick Howley: Yeah, I don't think we'd share a number. I would say all things being equal if we feel uncertain about the economy, the number would probably be a little [low] and we felt very good about the economy. But I don't know -- I don't -- in the numbers kind of ranges you've been talking about, I don't think any of those would concern us.
Nick Howley: Well, I think we gave you the number. We expect the -- we gave you guidance for the year, of aftermarket of 8 to 10, so if you put the middle point 9 say, that would imply a 7% quarter-over-quarter growth from fourth quarter to fourth quarter.
Nick Howley: (Inaudible) math, I didn't do the sequential, I did the quarter-over-quarter. I just don't -- and it's math, you'd figure it out. It is what it is.
Nick Howley: I think we gave you the ranges 8% to 10%. So whatever that works out to, that's what we think the [band] is.
Nick Howley: It's always been in our GAAP numbers. The ground transportation business has always been in our numbers.
Nick Howley: No we haven't made -- our igniter (inaudible) GE, basically there's two suppliers in igniters and ignition systems. Ourselves and Unison, GE owns Unison, so that we tend to get Rolls work, we tend to get the Pratt work and we tend GE, on new platforms they tend to get it. Now on historical platforms like the CFM56, that's a situation where we're dual-sourced. So we share the aftermarket, on the CFM56. And each GE engines gave us a little bit of different sweat between it.Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: And then when you were signing these platforms you were signing large content increase for example A380 up 90%, versus I think it's sort of prior platforms, what would be the prior platform we'd be using a long.
Nick Howley: We make – when we do this, we track this from a – we start a program. On a program restructuring, we start investing in it. We make an estimate on what we think it will replace, so maybe with that when we might say, if it takes a job it will replace three quarters of a 747, and one quarter of a A338 – 340 or something like that. So we make some weighted index, and then we hold it consistent. In that way we calculate what our base chipset content is, weight it that way, and then we keep measuring it as we go forward. And now A380, there's a little bit of a disconnect there. Because you've got more seats, but even if you were – right the if you have 90% more content doesn't mean you have 90% more content per seat or per body in the plane. But even if you adjust for that, you're still –I want to say if you just remember seats, I want to say, [Ray], you're still up 40% or something like that.Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah.
Nick Howley: If you take airplanes so everything was perfect, you had more dollars on it. And you can see in some of the literature, where people will plot the number of seats versus the range of the aircraft. And it's a scatter diagram of all the Boeing and Airbus aircraft. And we kind of look at that scatter diagram and we say, geez what airplanes -- predecessor airplanes are kind of plotted around that aircraft its replacing. And you can get quite academic on how you're going to weight them. But we – we basically put a stake in the ground, we kind of – try and measure consistently.Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: And these numbers – 787 up 60% versus whoever thought it would a be a 767 or whatever, is this volume you're telling us or you're telling us it's dollar-based.
Nick Howley: We don't see any reason that the mix – that the mix of parts that we – the way we look at is if – we think the mix of parts that are going on a platform and we sort of run it out for – sort of a mature point when there's a reasonable aftermarket we want to be sure that we still got 50% EBITDAs and more. We don't see anything significantly different here.Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: That's okay.
Nick Howley: Okay, so we – we didn't as Ray said, we didn't go through everything, we tried to kind of highlight the stuff we thought was a little different and we hadn't talked about before. You know if we have 40,000 ER system, he didn't get through all the 14 valves and that sort of thing.Carter Leake – BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you.
Nick Howley: I don't know. I think I said 4% and 4.50% by the way. In the range of 4% to 4.50%. I don't have a good feel for that.Michael Ciarmoli – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, perfect, thanks a lot guys.
Nick Howley: I want to say, if you take the commercial aftermarket something a little under half I think goes to distribution.J. B. Groh – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, that's helpful.
Greg Rufus: I haven't gone through the '13 guidance yet, but the reason it's going up is the combination of these acquisitions and issuing options and we value among there is the Black–Scholes. So just to kind of put in perspective, in 2010 they were going for about $20 or is valued at about $20 a share. In '11, it was $35 a share. And this year in terms of the price of the stock, it's between $40 and $44. But let me remind, as you know, it's a non-cash charge, it's based on expensing stock options.
Greg Rufus: I mean, you think of 1.5 to 2 for the year, and at the high end of that, you will probably be pretty safe.
Greg Rufus: It's in our go-forward numbers and there's no cash -- no, we're not assuming any cash from the sale.
