Terrance M. Paradie: Thank you, Kevin. I will now review our financial results for the quarter. Third quarter net sales were $908 million or approximately 14% greater than the prior year. The collective impact of acquisitions represented $87 million of the increase in sales. Organic sales were approximately up 3% for the quarter. Our third quarter gross profit was $522 million, an increase of 18%. Our reported gross profit margin of 57.5% was almost 2 margin points higher than the prior year, primarily due to the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Our selling and administrative expenses were 12.2% of sales for the current quarter compared to 11.8% in the prior year. Excluding acquisition-related expenses and non-cash stock compensation, SG&A was about 10.7% of sales compared to 9.7% of sales a year ago. The higher SG&A was primarily related to higher selling and admin costs of the recent acquisitions. We had an increase in interest expense of approximately $31 million, up 26% versus prior year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $11.2 billion in the current quarter. We still expect our full-year fiscal 2017 net interest expense to be approximately $600 million. Moving on to taxes. In Q4 of fiscal 2016, we adopted a new accounting standard related to the accounting for excess tax benefits for share-based payments, including stock option exercises and dividend equivalent payments. As a result, our GAAP tax rate will now generally approximate our cash tax rate during an entire fiscal year. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 28.1% in the current quarter compared to 17.3% in the prior year. The higher effective rate in the quarter was primarily due to a lower level of stock option exercises in the current year quarter. We now estimate our full-year GAAP tax rate to be around 27%. Our effective tax rate excluding the accounting standard charge has not change and is still estimated to be around 31%. To remind you, this is the rate we use in calculating our full-year adjusted EPS. Our net income for the quarter increased $8 million or 5% to $169 million, which is 18.6% of sales. This compares to net income of $161 million or 20.1% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales and improvements in operating margin, partially offset by higher interest expense and the tax rate versus the prior period. GAAP EPS was $3.08 per share in the current quarter compared to $2.88 per share last year. Our adjusted EPS was $3.30 per share, an increase of 6.8% compared to $3.09 per share last year. Please refer to Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS. Now, switching gears to cash and liquidity. We ended the quarter with $971 million of cash on the balance sheet. Our cash balance was impacted by two items Nick briefly mentioned. First, we spent $50 million of repurchase, approximately 206,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $243 per share. Second, we also paid approximately $105 million for the acquisition of the three product lines during this quarter. We have $600 million in undrawn revolver, $100 million available under our AR securitization and additional capacity under our credit agreement. The company's net debt leverage ratio at quarter-end was 6.1 times our pro forma EBITDA As Defined and gross leverage was 6.6 times pro forma EBITDA. As announced in our earnings release this morning, we plan to raise $1.8 billion on new-term loans with the proceeds to be used together with cash on hand to repurchase $1.2 billion of our existing tranche C term loans due in 2020 and to fund a potential special dividend in the range of $1 billion to $1.25 billion. At September 30, 2017, assuming the completion of these transactions, we expect to have dry powder between $1 billion and $1.25 billion available for acquisitions. This capacity increases each quarter ratably and we expect this to increase to over $3 billion by the end of fiscal year 2018. We expect our year-end cash balance between $500 million and $750 million and our net leverage to be between 6.4 times and 6.6 times at the end of the year, depending on the size of the dividend. In addition, we are seeking to amend our credit agreement to give us the option to buy back shares or pay a special dividend for the upcoming next 12 months. With regards to our guidance, we still estimate the midpoint of our GAAP earnings per share to be $9.28 and, as Nick previously mentioned, we estimate the midpoint of our adjusted EPS to be $12.21. Please see slide 11 for a bridge detailing the $2.93 of adjustments between GAAP to adjusted EPS related to our guidance. Now, I'll hand the call back to Liza to kick off the Q&A.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yeah. Myles, I think that's right. As we look at the order book and the backlog, we could – we may be better than what the midpoint that suggests that it coming down, but the highest would suggest that it will continue to be in that over 48% EBITDA margin area.
Terrance M. Paradie: Yeah, no, there is no change and we look at from a free cash flow is trying to hit 50% of our EBITDA after taxes, interest, and CapEx. The interest is running higher this year, we maybe a touch under that, but it should be pretty close to that 50% from the free cash flow standpoint, which gets you in that $800 million to $850 million range, as we kind of define free cash flow.
Terrance M. Paradie: That will be at June and then at September, that will go down to, net down will between 6.4 and 6.6 depending on the size of the dividend.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. I guess – Noah, this is Nick. I think the best we can do there is give you the guidance for the year. I don't want to start to forecast into 2018 at this point. Yeah, but I'll say, we feel better about it than we did a year or two ago.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know – Kevin, let me try and if you have a different – well, let me take the business jet and helicopter. The biz jet helicopter business, Noah, continues to surprise us, and it's declined.
W. Nicholas Howley: So my sort of forecast on where I think it is, I would – if I were you, I'd take with a grain of salt. I would say we don't get – as Kevin said, more of the aftermarket in the business jet world goes through the OEMs than it does in the rest of our business. So, we don't get a whole lot of clarity on it. And it can at times get a little confused with the OEM buys, you have to sort of parse it out and make a judgment on it. I don't know, that doesn't help you other than to say, it – on the interiors business, I'd like to say, Kevin, I don't think we feel comfortable that we're seeing a bottom there yet.
W. Nicholas Howley: There is nothing systematically changing in the business. If the margin's down a little, it just happens to be the mix of product that goes out that quarter.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think, David. I don't want to get backed in to next year's guidance, that's – I think we'll put that out when we put it out. We gave you in the last quarter our view of sort of a [long, four or five year trends in that, but I think next call we'll put the guidance out.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah, you know at the – this is always a risk. The absent of destocking, I think we probably feel better about it now than we did 18 months ago.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. One, I don't think it's down in the last couple of years. I think the year before was pretty heavy. I think we bought a ballot...
W. Nicholas Howley: In 2017, my general view is across the industry it seems to be slow, the M&A activity. I mean, we have – we see things, but generally the things we like either have been small. I can't really say we didn't like the prices. I mean, we walked away from that region. I would say mostly the things that we haven't bought, it's because they weren't proprietary enough.
W. Nicholas Howley: Yeah. Just not fitting the model, and we're – we ultimately will need to stretch it. I think we generate plenty of cash and capacity, and as we say, we don't see something that meets the model. We tend to give the money back to the shareholders, and we're pretty confident that if we need the money later, we'll have it and we'll find a way to come up with it.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, I would say, Rob, the reality is, we are either. We are – we're pretty commercial and mercenary, as we should be as represented in the shareholders' money. I would say as a – let me – I don't know where this goes. Yeah, I – you might think it would generate some more activity, but I can't say it has. We surely haven't seen it. I've seen the same room or this big deal that you have. I think when we see something with the right value proposition, we're a buyer. And I don't think we're necessarily particularly capital constrained. But we're constrained by that we have to see our kind of return and fit our kind of profile, which is a fairly tight restraint.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't know that I can answer that. I think the one take it into pieces the passenger business, I think we feel pretty good about. I think the Interior business, we don't believe we've seen the bottom of that yet. And I don't think our bookings make us feel great about it. The bookings in the freighter business were pretty good. And I would say the biz jet, helicopter sort of the incoming work is probably roughly consistent with the outgoing.
W. Nicholas Howley: The real answer is, I don't where they go with it. I don't know what the impact is. So far, at least in the businesses that we're familiar with, anything they've done that with has been make the print non-proprietary stuff. I think it will be a tough row to hoe if they start to move into the proprietary kind of content. They got all kinds of agreements they're tangled up in and the like. Now, where it goes? I don't know. We haven't seen. We haven't really seen anything in our business jet. In non-proprietary things, you are probably going to be at risk.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's – look, nothing is impossible. It takes a fair amount of engineering, typically the supplier owns the intellectual property. The requalification is fairly lengthy. They're typically tangled up in agreements by platform that get pretty ugly if you start to try – somebody started to try and pull out of them.
W. Nicholas Howley: We see some now, but I mean you can almost do the math. This isn't exact, but you can almost calculate the rate, which I just don't know as I sit here.
W. Nicholas Howley: You can calculate the rate at which they get beyond about their five-year life and that's probably going to be a pretty good proxy for the aftermarket pick-up.
W. Nicholas Howley: Matt, I think so, but I say I think. One thing I know is predicting the closure rate of deals is difficult. I mean there's, you can easily come up with a list of attractive, medium or decent size things you'd like to buy, but will they close, will they come up for sale? At least this year, no. In the past, we've seen this. I would say probably three years ago, we did almost nothing and then we had big years in 2015 and 2016, and this year is a little soft. One of the, I believe, attractiveness of our capital allocation mindset model is that we try hard to get the return back to the shareholders another way if we can't get it by buying stuff in the year.
W. Nicholas Howley: I'll try that. The retrofit portion of the interior business is, over time, tends to be more cyclical than our other businesses because it's more discretionary. Over time I suspect if you take a long enough period of time, 5 or 10 years, I suspect it has on average the same kind of patterns as the rest of it, but it definitely, you can be lumpier.
W. Nicholas Howley: I have no idea where you're getting those numbers, other than I don't. I don't know because I don't know. I would say in that business the Telair which is the bulk of the business, the Telair United States, is proprietary staff stuff and does reasonably well. The containers and the net business is nonproprietary and doesn't do as well. But I don't think the average is up down or zero.
W. Nicholas Howley: You also have to look at the EBITDA of the target, right. We would be able to pick up 7 times their EBITDA as part of an acquisition strategy, and that's part of the – to build up into that – into that number.
W. Nicholas Howley: Well, probably, and this is a real guesstimate, but I'd say six months-ish. The problem is with these programs is they tend to stretch out.
W. Nicholas Howley: I don't think, I can give you an average. I mean, it's kind of all over the map. Retrofits are different than spare parts, and that sort of thing. But I don't think it'd be – the average is kind of a meaningless number with all our product lines but maybe three, four, five months, something like that.
W. Nicholas Howley: Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't. It depends on part number in the account. So the frequently the biz jet manufacturers control more of it than in other sectors. So when they order, yeah, to your point, you can always tell exactly what it's for. So sometimes it's hard to parse out inventory fluctuation from aftermarket fluctuation at the OEM, if you follow me.
W. Nicholas Howley: I think it's more than half. We make our best judgment, and we try and do it consistently. The aftermarket OEM split, we have a consistent way we do it quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter to try and keep some legitimacy code. But there is a little – as Kevin said, there is always a little bit of a gray in there. But I don't think it changes the fact. I don't think it changes the fact that it's soft, whether it's soft by 2%, 5% or 7% you might argue.
W. Nicholas Howley: I obviously don't know the answer to that. I would say, if you look over the last few years, there shortly have been more defense stuff came up than it had come up in the two or three years before that, and the price has moved up. Whether that will continue, I just don't know.
W. Nicholas Howley: But I think what he is – Kevin is it true that the – there the increase year-over-year in their shipments for this quarter look relatively close to our increase year-over-year.
Kevin M. Stein: They're fairly active. That business is fairly active in bidding, but I don't know how it compares to the government budget.
Kevin M. Stein: So that's a relatively recent, but the business jet, that weakness has been ongoing. We're on the right programs, we're winning as I listed, the list of the key business jet for platforms for the future, it's any recovery there we're just not seeing yet.
Kevin M. Stein: Yeah. Hunter, this is Kevin. So when we look at it, the OEM business and the repairs business continues to march along. It's really the refurbishment that a united continental rebranding sort of idea. And those tend to go through peaks and valleys. We've seen this when we evaluated businesses for acquisition that they go through peaks and valleys. So we're still winning future refurbishment orders. I referred to that in the – in my words prepared, but we continue to win those. I don't see any reason why in the future those won't return. We are seeing opportunities though on refurbishments on some of the low cost airlines around the world, in the Middle East, Asia, India. So there is still opportunity there, I think which is going through a low timing right now.
Kevin M. Stein: There is some softness in the Middle East on that. Certainly, some softness on the wide-body side, but it's specific to refurbishments, rebranding, it's significant fleet-wide overhauls that we're seeing the weakness.
Kevin M. Stein: Yeah. I'm pretty sure it's project deferrals. We haven't seen any indication that any significant pieces of business went anywhere else. It's simply delays of what we had expected.
Kevin M. Stein: It's the delivery – when they slow down, is they're going to do them in March, so you we expect the order in September and then suddenly March becomes May and May becomes July, and that's what we're seeing some of now.
Kevin M. Stein: No, no retrofit. There is a – there is an existing OEM content, there is the repairs of things that get damaged during usage, which is kind of when you're referring to and then there is the refurbishments, rebranding, which are esthetic and take longer to plan out. So what goes through the wear and tear, that gets repaired as usual and we might expect that to follow with usage of the airlines.
Kevin M. Stein: I would be speculating, but I would guess it's probably a third. A third, a third, and a third, but I'm -that's up for revision I guess, as I dig into that, but that's my sub-thought at the top of my head there.
Kevin M. Stein: It was similar to previous quarter. So, it was up as before we continue to trend upwards on the look-through sales. I didn't call it out this time, but it continues to move in the right direction.
