Michael Lisman: Sure, Myles, it's Mike. I'll take that one. Overall, with regard to commercial aftermarket, we had a very solid bookings quarter. We significantly outpaced sales in the segment, commercial aftermarket overall, which sets us up well nicely for the back half and the mid-teens percentage growth for the year that we mentioned. Passenger and interior were both ahead of our expectations.  A bit more color on the freight point and to address some of your questions there, we were down about 15%. That was about what we expected, maybe a little bit worse than we has foreshadowed it, I think, on the last 2 calls. I think as you guys know, we have about 3 op units that fall into that freight bucket and facilitate the movement of freight on aircraft, both past and full freighters as well as the belly cargo systems.  And that submarket, it's about plus or minus depending on the quarter, 15% or so of our commercial aftermarket bucket. We wait a bit more towards freighter in that bucket. And I think as you guys know, within the freight market, there's been a trend away from freight being carried within full freighters and more towards the belly of the passenger capacity that's coming back into the market on passenger aircraft, the belly systems.  And we specifically, we've got a couple of op units that, as I said, they're a bit more freighter weighted. And as that market has trended off and we've seen a shift more towards belly, they've seen a bit of a decline in some of their product sales. It tends to be stuff that's slightly lower margin for us across our commercial aftermarket than the rest of that bucket. So there's not too much of a margin drag or impact as a result of it. But you see the sales decline, and that's part of what drove the 15% drop.  For the balance of the year, we do see that continuing in the back half. We factored that into our guidance, and we feel good about the mid-teens percentage rate growth, given the strength we've had in the bookings. But on the freight side, we do expect to see some continued headwinds here in the back half of the fiscal '24 year. 
Michael Lisman: It's Mike again. We have not really seen much of that action. I think we've seen pretty good strength across all of our different products, both on engine and off engine across the commercial aftermarket at this point of the -- at this point in the fiscal year. But I would say we probably have lower exposure to engine aftermarket as a percentage of our business. 
Michael Lisman: Yes, I can speak to that one. A large portion of what you see is some of that increase on the noncash stock comp that plays into it. When you look at that just the raw sales, which you'll see in the quarterly and it's published later today, you'll see actually the spend going down. 
Michael Lisman: I think, generally, as you look at the forecast from IATA, the investment bank forecasts that are out there, generally folks are expecting RPMs and takeoffs and landings to continue to tick up next year. That said, it's at a moderating pace relative to what it's been in the past couple of years as we come out of COVID. So there's still growth but maybe not quite as high as it was in, say, 2022. We've already seen some of that moderation.  But yes, of course, if you look at IATA forecast, other forecasts, the world is flying a lot. People continue to fly. That's reflected in takeoffs and landings and expected RPM growth. So we very much expect as a result of that continued volume growth in commercial aftermarket. 
Michael Lisman: Yes, the biggest investment and use of our capital has been to the productivity comment Kevin made earlier, it's automation projects. We have said -- as we said before, when we were in the depths of COVID will not add costs back ratably as we come out of it, and we haven't done that. That's reflected in the head count we have today. And the operating unit teams have done an exceptional job of finding good automation projects, whether it's cobots or material movers or new machining centers to basically increase the amount of automation in their facilities and reduce the headcount, reduce the cost footprint. That's why you're seeing the better margins that we delivered this quarter. 
Michael Lisman: I think it varies a lot op unit by op unit based on the demand they're seeing from their customers. Obviously, sometimes that subtiers, as we said. So it's hard to go and back calculate into some kind of rate, I'd expect that something around 38, maybe a little bit less, but it's hard to say there's some kind of averaging exactly what it is across their ranch. 
Kevin Stein: I think you guys know we have an Analyst Day coming up in June, and we don't want to go ahead and give long-term guidance by submarket outside of this year. We do feel good about the mid-teens percentage growth range this year for defense. We're seeing that strength across the OEM and aftermarket. It's pretty broadly distributed across all of our op units. But Armtec, in particular, has had some good flare shipments this year as well as some [indiscernible] product out of their California facility, which is the 155-millimeter program that you mentioned.  That growth should continue for a couple of years. You might have seen in the -- some of the Department of Defense budget documents for the next 2 years or so. So we remain optimistic about the growth outlook there, but it's not really driven by just 1 or 2 operating units. It's been pretty evenly distributed across our full group.  As we said, we don't expect defense growth of 20% or so that we've seen in the first half of this year to continue, there's just got to be some moderation there. This is always lumpy. Fortunately, for us, in the first half of this year, it's been lumpy to our benefit, probably a bit better than we expected, but we do expect some moderation in the long-term. It's not going to grow anywhere close to 20%. 
Kevin Stein: I think we always strive to be conservative in our guidance. We did bring, obviously, our guidance up so for the year. But I take your point that on a quarter basis, that would imply we're going back down. It's difficult to predict. I think what we're seeing is finally the backlog, the demand that is clearly in the defense market space coming out. They're finally placing the orders for this product.  We would anticipate that this will be a good tailwind for us, but it's hard given the lack of visibility at times in the defense industry to predict it so accurately. So we don't want to get out over our skis on really any of our submarkets, we choose to be a little bit more conservative as we break things up. 
Kevin Stein: I think defense aftermarket tends to be different than commercial aftermarket. It can be longer cycle, but there's still drop-ins that happen everywhere. 
Kevin Stein: I think we're comfortable -- we don't want to get into giving quarterly guidance on these things. We're comfortable for the year at where we sit. Yes, business can be lumpy. We were pleasantly surprised by the EBITDA this quarter. We're not positive how the future quarters will unfolds. But again, our goal is to be conservative. So that is our forecast for now that we're sticking with. 
Kevin Stein: I think we don't tend to give quarterly guidance by end market. But I think as you guys know, if you look at how we did in the first half in commercial aftermarket, what's implied for the second half, you'd expect probably Q4 to be the highest and some ramp up as we proceed through the balance of the year on the commercial aftermarket. 
Kevin Stein: I'm optimistic about the future. It's difficult for me to unpack it into quarterly buckets. I remain optimistic about what the future holds for M&A. And our M&A tracker that I follow constantly, it has the most names. It's the busiest we've probably ever been in M&A. Again, it doesn't tell you what's going to close. We remain very picky in the businesses that we choose and we will continue to do that.  We have a lot of activity in the small and medium size. We announced 2 in our 10-Q today that are smaller sized businesses, but nicely accretive, as I said in my opening comments, yes, there's a lot going on out there. We're very busy. 
Kevin Stein: The 2 don't always perfectly correlate in terms of what we see through our POS with our distributors and then what we do directly. What goes through distribution now, it bounces around a little bit, but it's about 20% to 25% or so of our CAM sales. And it's a decent leading indicator usually of future orders that will come, obviously, because the distributors sell out their inventory that they hold on our behalf so that we can get product quickly to customers, then we've got to replenish it.  So the sales come eventually to replenish the sales, they see, but they on a quarterly basis don't always move exactly in the right direction. But over time, POS tends to be a pretty decent leading indicator of where the full commercial aftermarket is heading. And that's what gives us -- as we see in the remarks, some confidence today as we look out our commercial aftermarkets likely to go for the balance of the year. 
Kevin Stein: I think it's hard to say. It depends where the freighter market goes. But generally, with the belly capacity having come back, you'd expect '24 to be the year where we take it, most of the decline on the full freighter business. We had saw a great runoff during COVID on the freighters, and now the market is just sort of correcting back to the '19 levels in terms of what goes via full freighter and what goes via belly. So '24 is going to be probably the biggest year for that correction curve. 
Kevin Stein: I'd say it continues to get better, not back to where it was in 2019 yet, but better than where it was 12 months ago, 24 months ago, continue to have issues with items like certain electronics, castings, certain chemicals or materials, but continued progress. 
Kevin Stein: I'll take that one, Rob. I think in the commercial OEM, our first half ran a little bit better than the full year guidance it's something like plus 23%. I think we're cautious on the outlook here in commercial OEM overall and the OEM forecast incorporates an appropriate level of risk around a potential Boeing rate change. Our forecast is a reminder, and I think, as you know, it's a bottoms-up forecast from ops units based on what they're seeing. What they're hearing from their op units. It's not a corporate top-down mandate on, hey, the bill rate you should assume for MAX to say, 38 or so. It's a bottom-up build based on what they're seeing at their specific op unit. And as a reminder, we -- a lot of our content on those aircraft that doesn't go direct to Boeing. It often goes into sub-tiers just given the nature of the components we're selling, who could be taking actions independently based on what they're seeing hearing as well.  But in a nutshell, we feel good about the guide for the year of around 20% and any potential reductions we've baked into the guidance we've given today for the year. I think it's also fair to say that Airbus is continuing to do better. So that's going to continue to backfill some of the possible hole created by Boeing in the short-term. 
Kevin Stein: Yes. I wish I knew that. It would help me when things slow down to better understand. It just seems to be a busy time right now, whether that's expectations around the market segment. I don't know and it's difficult for me to speculate. It's just a busier time. We haven't changed our standards or our expectations at all. We still view business as the same way we have since the beginning.  So you can only swing at the pitches that get thrown as Nick used to say years ago, and that's still true today. 
Kevin Stein: I think we're -- I'll take a stab at it, Noah and hopefully it addresses what you're trying to get at. We've seen really strong growth in the passenger, and we see that continuing based on bookings in the back half of the year. Freight, we've continued to see a bit softness on the booking side there, which is how we know in the second half that we're likely to see some continued slight decline there.  Biz jet, thus far this year, it was up a bit, I think, in Q1, Q2 was down a bit. For the year, it's about flattish. We expect to see something like that, maybe a little bit better in the back half. But really what's driving the commercial aftermarket overall is the continued strength in passenger and interior. That is the vast majority when you lump those 2 buckets together of that commercial aftermarket bucket, and we're seeing really good strength there that's covering up some of the weakness elsewhere as we look out for the last 6 months. 
Kevin Stein: Not appreciably, no. I think we always, as you guys know, we seek the price slightly ahead of inflation. And that's unchanged. This quarter, same expectation as we always have for our operating units and what the teams look to execute on. 
Kevin Stein: Yes. I don't -- we're looking to add 1 or 2 more folks to our M&A team. We are seeing a lot of really interesting smaller-sized deals and small deals take as much time to go through as bigger ones. So we need some more help to go through that. So hopefully, this will produce some more opportunity for us as we're seeing things come across our desks that we haven't seen before. 
Kevin Stein: I think on a quarterly basis, you can always see a little bit of lumpiness as we said here before. I'm not sure how exactly to follow the math on the 2% drag. But as we said today, we saw really strong bookings across our whole business, that can be lumpy. We feel really good about the outlook for the full year with the mid-teens percentage growth there. 
Kevin Stein: Yes. I take your point. Again, we hopefully aim to be conservative in our forecasting. We're trying to stick to our yearly forecast on EBITDA. We had a very strong Q2. We'll see how the back half of the year unfolds. We certainly don't have any large negatives that we're aware of. So I think it's just our standard conservatism.  We don't have any concerning trends that we're trying to peanut butter over here or anything. This is a strong bookings across all of our segments -- and really a good tailwind, both on the OEM, commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket and clearly on the defense side. We remain optimistic. 
Kevin Stein: I think we can give more update and color on this topic at our Investor Day coming up at the end of June. But just from a top level, we don't consider PMAs to be a significant impact of our business. We have somewhere around 500,000 part numbers that we sell across commercial and defense. We do monitor it regularly. We are the largest creator of PMA parts in our space that we sell into on our products, that's how you sell into the aftermarket.  So I think the -- it's much similar situation to what we've seen in the past. The opportunities exist for us to replace other struggling suppliers. We certainly see that. We -- again, PMA and used and serviceable materials aren't a significant impact to our business on a regular day-to-day basis. It doesn't mean that there aren't some parts that are more impacted. But on a go-forward basis, it's a very, very small leak in our business, if you will. 
Kevin Stein: I think we -- to add to that, I think we just -- we paid a dividend in Q1. I think we'll be able to make a decision in Q4 probably this year about our plants. 
