Mike Lisman: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I'm not going to elaborate on the operating results for the quarter in too much more detail, as you can see that information in the press release and the presentation deck for today. Organic growth for the quarter was negative 33%, driven primarily by the commercial end market declines that Kevin referenced. Two quick updates on interest expense and then one more on taxes. Interest expense expectations are unchanged from last quarter and should be approximately $1.03 billion for the fiscal year. On taxes, our fiscal 2020 GAAP cash and adjusted rates will be 4 to 8 percentage points lower than our initial guide for the year due to benefits included in the CARES Act. This quarter, there was a bit of noise with the GAAP tax rate due to our low EBT that resulted in a rate spike to 114%. But as you'll see in the call slides for today, despite the high quarterly rate, our full year expected FY 2020 GAAP rate will still be in the 17% to 19% zipcode. Moving over to the balance sheet and liquidity, as of third quarter end, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio stood at 6.3 times. Assuming air travel remains depressed, this ratio will continue ticking up in coming quarters, as stronger quarters from last year roll out of the LTM EBITDA computation. On liquidity, cash generation for the quarter was stronger than we expected. This was driven primarily by net working capital inflows as a result of a collection on accounts receivable, mainly from our commercial customers who are now operating at reduced activity levels. While there is substantial uncertainty in our commercial end markets right now, we expect to continue running free cash flow positive going forward for the balance of the year. From an overall cash liquidity and balance sheet standpoint, we think we remain in a good position here and well prepared to withstand the currently depressed commercial environment for quite some time. Our cash balance is now just under $4.6 billion, and additionally, we have access to over $500 million of our revolver should we need it. And as a reminder, on our capital structure, we don't face any sizable debt maturities until July of 2024, so almost four years from now. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator to kick off the Q&A.
Mike Lisman: Yes, let me take that because I made the comment. I think the above 40% -- we're not going to speak out into next year, but I think the above 40% is a good -- is a fine assumption for next quarter, again, absent some substantial dislocation or shutdown or something like that. We are -- we should -- we expect and we know we will have some additional cost reductions in the next quarter. But I'm not so sure -- Kevin or I am so sure, is exactly what will be the mix of shipments. You do get the place -- you do get some book and ship is in the commercial aftermarket, and that is -- that's the highest margin portion of the business. And I would say the -- I would say the tolerance band around that could be larger than the savings you might get out of the cost reduction. So it's a little -- it's just a little hard to predict. I think the above 40 is fine. I would expect we might get a little increase, but it's hard to know until we get the mix more exact.
Mike Lisman: Nothing really material, guys. They have a facility that had an issue that's partial shutdown and ramping back up, but nothing material that we took as add-back in the quarter on costs.
Kevin Stein: So your first question is on CAM [ph] forecasts, I think and on pricing. I think pricing, I'll hit first. In previous downturns, we have not seen a limit or a restriction on our ability to drive value pricing as needed. Clearly, our costs are going up quite significantly in this. So yes, we're not anticipating any issues on price, and we haven't seen them before. On CAM - our forecast is a little bit uncertain. As you know, a chunk of our commercial aftermarket is book and ship within the quarter, and there's some amount of unknown in how this will unfold. I will tell you that our backlog remains reasonably strong. It's reasonably flat year-over-year or close to flat. So we're not seeing a massive drawdown in our backlog. We are seeing not a lot of cancellations either, which may be a question people have. We're seeing reschedules and pushouts. This leads us to be confident that Q3 will be the bottom and Q4 will be better. The exact market split of how that plays out is little uncertain as there are -- as there is uncertainty as we look forward. But we are anticipating things will get modestly better. But consistency here will not happen until there is consistency in the end market and consistent flights in the world. So we follow that closely.
Kevin Stein: Well, our distribution channel, which is about 20% of our aftermarket, we do have some visibility to some of them on inventory levels, but that is minor by comparison to the rest of the industry. So no, I don't have visibility on what airlines or on the OEM side, what OEM partners are stocking currently. I tend to be surprised at times that the amount of inventory that's in the channel, but I have no indication of that right now. So we don't know what the inventory is like. We are seeing demand. We're seeing some urgent expedite demand in the aftermarket. So that would tell me that this is going to be fits and starts of recovery as we move forward.
Kevin Stein: So inventory levels and new business opportunity. On inventory levels, we've seen our inventory levels increase more than we would have liked. This is not due to producing finished goods. And sticking them on shelves and continuing to run. These were scheduled raw material receipts largely. So we have work to do there. I think Mike would admit that as well, that our performance on AP and AR has been decent, but inventory, not to the extent it needs to be. So we have some work to do there, as we go forward. We do have that, I think, fully outlined to the team. We've talked about it with every business, as we've gone forward. On new business opportunities, I'll bring you back to 9/11, post-9/11 and opportunities that occurred there with cockpit door modules, and the locking mechanism, and depressurization for the cockpit door. That was developed by us, driven around the world. That has -- was a fantastic product that came out of that dislocation. We're looking for similar opportunities now. And that's why we've put a seasoned veteran of that business and that development of the cockpit door module, with Joel Reiss and to help drive new business opportunities that may be coming about, because of this pandemic. We've had interest from airlines and OEMs. And we'll see how this plays out. There's obviously a lot of interest. And we understand our role in helping to bring people back to flying, with the confidence necessary for the market to continue to grow. So we recognize our position in that and are very active in this. We'll see if anything comes, because of our efforts. But we are busy. Like I said in my comments, antimicrobial, antiviral, touch less technologies, there's so much that we have to offer. It's very exciting…
Kevin Stein: I'd add just one thing -- I'd just add one thing. In the free cash flow, that Mike talks about going forward that's a free cash flow, assuming you don't get any working capital reduction, just to be conservative, so.
Kevin Stein: I don't know how to answer that. I think certification will of course be an issue and I think that gets put on to a thing needs to be certified. It will really be around desire and seeing how the market unfolds? And what the demand is. Certainly, touchless technology, I think, would be useful, always. I don't -- I think there will need to be a different way of thinking around flying, well, I suppose, in a lot of aspects of society. So, this is just one aspect of trying to put products in place that would make people feel more comfortable about flying, being stuck on a plane for 10 hours or more. And what does that look like and what can we offer to help achieve that.
Kevin Stein: I think Nick said in the prepared comments that he would anticipate that it would be lumpy and there could be some dislocation to people flying more and how the market recovers. There's always a bit of a lag. That's natural. As the whipsaw flows through the supply chain, we have -- we're not seeing that yet. We'll be prepared for it when it happens. But I mean those are our thoughts right now. We - again, I want to stress; we react quickly to the market. We react quickly to what we see happening and coming at us. We adjust costs. We look at driving everything to variable cost, eliminating the thought of these are fixed costs and how do we -- how quickly how can we respond. Our forecasts are fluid often, as you know. What we can promise is quick execution, and that's what we delivered this last quarter and that's what we'll continue to deliver as the aftermarket unfolds in front of us. It could be lumpy. There could be some disconnects here and there. I don't see USM impacting us. I don't see PMA impacting us. So, eventually, as people fly, the business will come.
Kevin Stein: Ken, we don't review our aftermarket performance orders, booking, sales by geography like that. So it's difficult for us. When things go through distribution or some of the OEM partners, we don't get that visibility where things end up. So I don't have any insight for you on the geographies. I've heard from our partners that China is improving, that Asia is doing much better. We're using that as the canary in the coal mine for how the rest of the business should be doing. We're starting to see that pick up. I can only use, say that anecdotally, again, from conversations with our distribution partners. That's the only thing I can offer on geography right now.
Kevin Stein: Yeah, I can't comment on July. What I can say is that -- and again, this is just an indicator. During the quarter, we saw our total bookings improve month-over-month during the quarter across the business. And also POS, as I look at our distribution partners, we've seen POS improve month-over-month. Directionally, it's down the same amount that our business is down, but we've seen it start to start to improve off of the very deep low in – early on in the quarter in April. So I try to – I offer that as some color on things are gradually improving from demand and shipments.
Kevin Stein: Yeah. It's an ongoing effort for us. The Armtec business makes, well, armament products, chaff, flares and the like. And we had a safety incident that has caused us to shut down production and to have to rework some of our manufacturing processes, procedures. This will be resolved, but this competitive business is not – it's a driver of revenue for us, but is very competitive, military. So it's a big driver of revenue, not a great driver of EBITDA. This has been a headache for us, but the team is working through it.
Kevin Stein: Interesting question. As I – I don't think it's necessary for Armtec to be back up and running. We continue to make progress there, as we do across airborne and a few other businesses that we called out some of this, which was just lumpiness. As we look forward, we – as we look forward into Q4, we have the backlog necessary to support our forecast. We just need to now see if it all comes to pass. But it's – the military backlog tends to be more consistent. It tends to be – you can count on that. It's booked out further in advance. So we feel reasonably confident about this – the next quarter here, Q4.
Kevin Stein: Well, yes, as far as that impact, it was – you follow the lion's share rule. I mean, those are the things that jump out to you. Obviously, that doesn't account for all of it. There was some lumpiness in the rest of the business that bore out in the scheduled deliveries. That seems to shake out in Q4. But again, we'll have to watch that closely. On anticipated product restocking order, you know, the inventory levels that are in the system, how long they will have to burn down, I really don't know. I don't have any visibility on inventory levels. I anticipate that they don't have a lot of our products, but we really don't know that for certain. So I can't give you any time frame on how long destocking will last.
Kevin Stein: We don't really know. We're just -- we're planning on following it closely. I follow the same estimates and guidance that the analyst community throw out, whether it's 2023 or slightly thereafter. I don't have any reason to have a better number than that. But again, I will say our goal is to react quickly, to execute quickly on whatever we see in the marketplace, you can count on us to do that. So that's how we look at the world.
Kevin Stein: Yes. The pricing possibility -- the pricing lever in the commercial space, commercial world, we've seen this -- our prices stick, I guess, in previous downturns, and we're anticipating something similar. We have seen our costs go up quite significantly as we've worked our way through this. And that is justification to work with our customers to pass along some of that. The market is -- yes, it's fits and starts as we go forward.
Kevin Stein: I do. And I would also add that the – what we think is important to our business is, I think we talked about earlier, and Nick alluded to it, it's not necessarily passengers on the plane. It's takeoff and landings. It's cycles. It's flights. Whether there's people on them or not or they're load factors, those impact airlines. But there's a lot of our products that have to be changed no matter what. No matter how many people are on the plane, that's not true for everything. In the aftermarkets, obviously, boarding and disembarking from a flight certainly will wear out some of the materials on the walls and floors and seat belts. But a lot of the plane needs to be serviced no matter what. And that's what we're counting on. We believe we're market weighted as we look at wide-bodies and narrow bodies. Clearly, international wide-bodies account for a large – a disproportionate share of RPMS, that's why takeoff and landing cycles, we think, are a great way to look at a driver for aftermarket content.
Kevin Stein: Yes. It's certainly a headwind. There's no doubt about it. We're not going to bury our heads in the sand on this and pretend that, that's not going to be an impact. Certainly, and as planes are brought back from retirements, it's generally newer planes that are brought back. Clearly, that's in the mix. But let's remember that what matters most to us in the aftermarket is plans off of warranty. Whether they're very old legacy or newer planes that have entered the aftermarket realm, yes, you make more money on old legacy planes slightly more percentage points but there's many less of them flying. So again, it's market weighted that matters to us. And that's – again, what we're following is those takeoff and landings, the cycles, the flights. That's what we'll drive in. I think our results so far have shown that. We'll see how this continues. I expect it will be lumpy. As we go forward, including the aftermarket, defense business on both markets. But it will improve as people fly.
Nick Howley: I'd just add, the primary thing we are watching now is flights -- it's the number of flights, because to some degree, there's not much use worrying about how many people are on the flights until the flight start taking off.
Nick Howley: We aren't seeing much. We aren't seeing much. And this – if you have particularly a commercial business, it seems to me to be not a particularly good time to be selling it, if you have any choice. And, as frankly, the data would say that we aren't seeing any or any significant number.
Nick Howley: I would say the slam down in value is harder and appears to last longer. I mean it just essentially just froze up in April and is still not very good, the ordering levels in the aftermarket. Even after 9/11, by this point, it was probably starting to come back.
Nick Howley: I mean, you all know, you can watch the flights around the world. I can't remember but I think David Strauss who publishes it every day. Ultimately, that will determine the rate of pickup and if you look at that, the U.S. has stalled a little at about 50 -- 45% to 50% off run rate. They've stalled a little. China seems to be coming back fairly well, particularly the domestic wounds. And Europe is picking up a little but slowly. But the rate of recovery is slow and spotty.
Nick Howley: And the only thing I'd add is -- and again, I don't -- I have no insight into the future. I'd watch the flights first. How are the flights picking up around the world? And then once the flights start to get start to get back up close to a number, then how full are they getting.
Nick Howley: Well, our thinking on raising, it was pretty simple. It looked like the whole world was dislocating at the end of March and the beginning of April. And as I said, this is a great business and the only way you could possibly follow it up during this market condition was to have it get much worse and going much longer than anybody anticipates and run out of fuel. And we just wanted to be absolutely sure that wasn't a risk for us. And we were now – price the debt market and the price of a little more insurance didn't seem excessive for the protection it might give you. I think it's very unlikely we need it. I believe, again, absent some large dislocation or additional national shutdown or international shutdown, I think we will continue to pile up cash, and we will develop very substantial firepower. When we feel more comfortable and we feel like we got a little clearer view of the world, then we'll decide what to do with that. I would say, as always, once the smoke clears, our preference is always to make accretive acquisitions. Well, our first preference is to fund our businesses, but that shouldn't be a problem, because they’re on cash positive. Our next choice is always to make accretive acquisitions that fit our strategy when we can find them. If we can't find them, our third choice is to give it back to the shareholders in some form, and our last choice is probably to pay off the debt, particularly given the level of our cost of debt now. And that priority hasn't changed. As we ring down our – we kind of dropped through our priorities. Exactly where we will end up depends on how the market – both the capital market, the acquisition market and the aerospace market play out.
Nick Howley: I think we'll have to watch that as it goes along. Our inclination, our strong inclination is to stay what we do -- stay with what we do well. We'd love to see some good acquisitions in our space come up, but again, that's always hard to predict. But if we're out there chipping away at the rock, I can't imagine we won't find something. And our next choice generally would be if we have extra money to give it back to the shareholders. And I think that's -- those are still our priorities. Now if things went on and on and on, and we saw no way to accrete value, we have to think about what else we might want to do. But that's pretty far down the pecking order right now.
