Greg Rufus: Okay. Thanks, Nick. Good morning. As we have said in the past and just to remind you again, all of my comments are on a GAAP reported basis, where Nick's comments were mostly on a pro forma basis. Sometimes, we do have minor differences in our explanations. As disclosed in this morning's press release, our first quarter sales were $587 million and 11% greater than the prior year. Our organic sales were 3% higher than last year, driven by growth in commercial aftermarket and commercial OEM offset with a modest decline in GAAP defense sales. Our first quarter gross profit was $321 million, an increase of 13% over the prior year. The reported gross profit margin of 54.7% was one margin point higher than the prior year. A decrease in non-operating acquisition related cost versus the prior year contributed to the higher reported gross margin. Margins in the current quarter were also negatively impacted by approximately two margin points due to acquisition mix from Airborne and EME. In other words, excluding all acquisition activity, our gross profit margin in the remaining business versus the prior year quarter improved approximately two margin points. The base businesses continued to expand margins as a result of the strength of our proprietary products and continually improving our cost structure. Selling and administrative expenses were 11.5% of sales for the current quarter compared to 10.8% in the prior year. The current quarter was running a little higher than the prior period, primarily due to higher run rate as a percent of sales from our recent acquisitions. Interest expense was $99 million, an increase of approximately $18 million or 23% versus the prior-year quarter. This is a result of an increase in the weighted average total debt to $7.5 billion in the current quarter versus $5.7 million in the prior year. The higher average debt year-over-year was primarily due to the amount borrowed to fund the $25 per share special dividend paid in Q3 of last year. Also, in conjunction with the dividend, we refinanced $1.6 billion of existing notes at a lower interest rate. This refinancing helped lower our weighted average cash interest rate to 5.1% compared to 5.4% to the prior year. Our effective tax rate was 32.6% in the current quarter compared to 33.6% in the prior year. The lower effective tax rate in the quarter was primarily due to the retroactive reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. We still expect our effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to be around 33% and our cash taxes to be approximately $180 million. Our net income for the quarter increased $9.4 million or 11% to $95.5 million, which is 16% of sales. This compares to net income of $86.1 million in the prior year. The increase in net income primarily reflects the increase in net sales, the decrease in acquisition related costs and amortization expense and a lower effective tax rate. These items were offset with the higher interest expense just discussed. GAAP earnings per share was $1.63 per share in the current quarter compared to a $1.44 per share last year. The current earnings per share growth of 13% is higher than net income growth due to lower weighted average shares outstanding resulting from repurchasing over 900,000 shares last year and slightly lower dividend equivalent payments made in the current year versus last year. Our adjusted earnings per share was $1.80 per share, an increase of 8% compared to $1.66 per share last year. Again, please reference Table 3 in this morning's press release, which compares and reconciles GAAP to adjusted EPS. Switching gears to cash and liquidity. We ended the quarter with over $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. The company's net debt leverage ratio was 5.9 times our pro forma EBITDA As Defined in gross leverage was 6.8 times pro forma EBITDA. We still expect to generate $475 million of cash in the current year and expect our September 30, 2015 year-end net leverage to be in the 5.2 times EBITDA As Defined or de-levering approximately one full turn on a net basis. Before I hand it over to Liza to kick off the Q&A session, I would like to inform you that we will be filing our Q this upcoming Friday.
Greg Rufus: You are right. In the first quarter, first our quarter effectively ended December 25 and we didn't have any principal and paid almost no income taxes. So it was timing. That's why in my comments, I said we still expect to get the same amount by the end of the year because we have little bit of outflow for those payments in the second quarter.
Greg Rufus: Okay. Well, when I look at the working capital, when I look at operating, I look more at my DSOs and my inventory turns and they were well behaved versus our expectations. Sometimes when you look at the GAAP numbers it can get distorted with some acquisition accounting.
Nick Howley: Yes. I mean that was pretty darned attractive rates. I think those, particularly the bonds, are selling actually at just a hair under par, which would tell me that the rates are very, very, very close to what they are now. That market got a little bumpy but I think it's reasonably stable now. So I think if we went out today, we could raise money today. I don't know what tomorrow would be, but I think if we went out today we could probably raise money at very comparable rates to what we did six or nine months ago. Let me just presume that we had roughly the same leverage levels. As far as capital deployment, I think we will address that as the year proceeds. We have a fair amount of acquisition, I would say, activity we are working on and we probably will let them play out a little bit before we make a decision on capital allocation.
Nick Howley: I think they probably got a little held in terms of the ordering at the end of last year. You know that we ran 15% and 18%. We also moved a few distributors around which might have influenced it a little bit. I don't take a whole lot from that. But I just thought it was worthwhile data point to let people know.
Nick Howley: I don't remember the book. There's a couple of things. If you want to normalize it, if you go into the previous first quarter, we had some of those big Tarian shipments, if you remember them. So you almost have to normalize them both out and I don't think if you normalize both of those, I don't think the organic growth is that much different, whether you put it in or take it out on sales, on revenues. On the bookings, the big difference is if you may or may not recall, the first quarter of last year, things looked pretty ugly in the parachute business. But that has really started the book up. We have got some quite big orders dropped in. We have some more just cooking away. So that business is whereas we were a bit concerned six months into it, we are starting to feel significantly better now about it. I hope that answers [ph] your question.
Nick Howley: So I think when you normalize the revenues, the answer doesn't change a whole lot. If you normalize it for things in both quarters.
Nick Howley: I would say, the sizes are roughly comparable to what we have seen before, though I have to say we have seen a few of little more sizable. I don't mean in the $3 billion, $4 billion range, but a little more sizable. If you pull those couple out, the rest are more in the normal kind of things we see. We clearly continue to see more European activity than we have in the past. And I would say most of what we are looking at, not all but most, is commercial rather military.
Nick Howley: First of all, it is pretty broadly distributed across the platforms. I wouldn't draw much from that, other than it is just timing. You know, as everybody knows, the bigger, more expensive ones are doing a little better than the lower priced ones and we are reasonably represented in that. But I don't mean to imply anything as far as the production rate forecast for business jet OEM. I think it is just timing, just when the shipments happen to fall.
Nick Howley: I believe, Noah, that's a leading question. I believe to make it through the year, we will have to see pickup in the back-half of the year, to state the obvious.
Nick Howley: I would say, as I said, if you look at the balance of the year, if I had a handy cap or guidance, I am going to take our guidance on EBITDA, which all of you know is the bps guidance too, I would say there's probably some uncertainty around the commercial aftermarket. Clearly, it has to pickup in the second half of the year. We were sort of halfway through the year last year with the same concern and then in the last six months we got pretty strong. I am not prepared at this point to say that the numbers we have been using are not good. I think there is some reasonable chance. But it clearly is a little bit of a stretch each quarter that goes by. On the other hand I think the defense, we probably could be conservative and I think we could be a little conservative on the margins. So sort of like the putting them all in the stew, it looks to me like there's probably a little more up and down at this point in the guidance. But I can't tell you I am absolutely sure about one segment versus the other, but hopefully you have got the sense.
Nick Howley: I think, Noah, probably the same things you hear and see and surmise. First I would say, I think the oil prices have to stay down for a longer period of time to change anyone's behavior substantively. They have got to work out through the hedges or buy them out or something. And I don't think this is enough time to change people's thought patterns or behavior patterns. Now if it does, there are two schools of thought. As you know, on the one hand, if you fly all planes all the planes longer, that's better for the aftermarket. If you pull them out of the desert or if you keep flying them more hours, which you would tend to do, if you have lower prices, that's good. On the other hand, I will say, historically if fuel prices go down, then the airlines get profitable. Right or wrong, historically, when they make money, they start buying new airplanes. So that's sort of the counterbalance. At this point, I don't know how to call that, other than to say, it's something we have got to watch closely. But I suspect it takes a longer period of time for anyone to change their thought pattern.
Nick Howley: Let me deal with them in two pieces. Airborne first. As you probably know, for the first year of ownership, Airborne was, frankly the revenues and bookings were lower than we expected and concurrently the EBITDA was little lower. However in 2015, it's starting off well. Our present expectation is that for this year, it will be at or above our expectations at the time we bought it. I remind you that both Airborne and EME, as we said when we bought them, we sort of had to buy these right. These are not businesses that are going to get the typical TransDigm margins. They will move up. And they are moving up, but they won't get to those kind of margins. We bought them at substantially below the margins we typically buy things. But we saw plenty value there. EME is again moving up. We bought that at a sub-20 or significantly kind of EBITDA margin. That is moving up reasonably nicely. Again it will never get up to full year 50%, but it's moving up significantly. It's a small business. So it's never going to move the average much. Dollar wise, it's also going to be impacted by the exchange rate situation. It's a Euro business. So the actually dollars have been knocked down on the conversion, though the margin is moving up reasonably well.
Nick Howley: We feel okay about that. I think we feel okay about it. We see acquisitions with the right value proposition. We feel fine about them. I would remind you, we have a business in Belgium. We have a business in Germany now. We have a couple of businesses in U.K. that were operating. So we have, I would say in general, not 100%, but mostly our experiences has been positive.
Nick Howley: Typically, we have. Typically that's what happens, as you know. When they start to be profitable and they get money, they start buying more. Start buying more everything, airplanes, parts, everything. I can't say we have seen it yet, but that would be a not atypical pattern. As I said before, I don't think this situation of these low significant drop in fuel prices has been in there long enough that it's changing people's behavior yet.
Nick Howley: I don't want to start to pull out our full year's guidance between operating units, but it surely makes us feel better rather than worse.
Nick Howley: I honestly can't say we have. I also am getting a little resistant to predict this. The only thing I can say with certainty is every time I tried it, it was wrong. By the way, we are on a little on the upside, thank God, but I can't say. It's mixed. If you look across our operating units, it's mixed.
Nick Howley: I don't know that I can give you a clear pattern or region for that. Other than in the parachute business, we know we had some big international orders [indiscernible].
Nick Howley: What caused it? I don't know anything particular. We sort of bought up what we planned to buy up and we reauthorize more, but we just decided not to do it. I don't know that there's -- I wouldn't take too much out of that. But we bought quite about 900,000 or so shares.
Nick Howley: Yes. It was more unusual if we bought them. We didn't buy. So we sort of bought up about what we had in mind to buy and we stopped.
