Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Paul and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2022. Before we get started, today’s call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K in its most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q tomorrow. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Both. We have had continued construction delays, but we also recognize the market has softened. And so we feel like we are very well positioned to deliver on what our new guide is for closings. But as I alluded to, I mean, our ranges are bigger than they normally would be, because of some of the uncertainty in the market. And so there is upside to our closings guide. There is also downside. I mean, we really are going to see how it plays out as we work throughout the quarter, but we are confident in our people are going to continue to improve and we will ultimately see some improvement in our construction cycle times and start converting houses to closings.
Jessica Hansen: And where they go will ultimately be tied to market demand, and we will do what we typically do, which is manage it market by market, community by community to maximize returns.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Matt. I think you led with the most important point, which is we’re starting at a 30% gross margin. So that really signifies that we’re a long way off from any sort of broad-based impairments. It would take significant margin erosion from declines in home prices. We don’t have any projects right now that are what we deem internally on our watch list because they are approaching a gross margin that we would have to do a more thorough impairment analysis and to really see even any sort of pickup in a watch list before we even get to the point of impairments, we’d have to see a pretty big home price decline. So I wouldn’t say there is any one piece of our portfolio right now. that we would point to as being at higher risk than others. But certainly, as we continue to move through a market transition, if there are certain markets where home prices come down further than others, those would be the ones we’d point to first.
Jessica Hansen: I think we are all looking at each other. Can you specify your first question on exit rate again, so we make sure we answer the right question.
Jessica Hansen: Okay. Well, we don’t ever speak to monthly orders specifically. That being said, we did guide at a conference in early June that we expected our sales to be essentially flat for the quarter on a year-over-year basis, and we came in down 7%. So, that does tell you that in most of June because rates spiked pretty quickly after we made those comments, most of June, we did see softening and June would have been our worst sales month of the quarter, as a result of both the moderation in demand and the pickup in cancellation rates that we have already talked to. And then I think Bill said earlier in one of his Q&A responses that our can rate hasn’t necessarily gotten worse since June, but it has stayed elevated into July, and sales have continued to be a challenge, but we do still see a decent level of demand out in the market and are selling and closing homes every day so far in July.
Jessica Hansen: And too early to say anything on fiscal ‘23, we will reassess in November. If we have a little bit more certainty in the market, then hopefully, we will be in a position to give some high-level guidance for the full year, but it’s going to depend on the market. And if it’s settled out, and we feel comfortable doing that or not. We are always going to position ourselves to grow and consolidate market share. But it’s really going to be up to market conditions and what makes the most sense in terms of us maximizing our returns.
Jessica Hansen: Land prices vary across the country and the rate of increases in land prices have varied. So, we have talked to you each quarter, what our lot costs have done on a square foot basis, and we have really not seen more than a low to mid-single digit increase in terms of what’s flowing through our closings each quarter. And with the vast amount of land we are buying on a quarter-to-quarter basis and it all being contracted for at different dates over it maybe in the last year, it may be in the last 3 years that we contracted for it. we would expect to continue to see a relatively modest increase in lot costs flowing through in our future quarter closings.
David Auld: In closing, our results and position reflecting our experienced teams and production capabilities, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across our multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions and continue aggregating market share. We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. We are incredibly well positioned to continue improving our operations and providing home ownership opportunities to more American families. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: Hi, John. I think it’s probably a little of both. I think payment shock was part of it. Toward the end of June, middle of June, we had a 100 basis point increase in long-term rates over about a 3 or 4-day period. I think that impacted it. Most people still remember 2008, ‘09, ‘10 when worst housing market I’ve ever seen and values deteriorated, which again, not typical in our history of our country. So I will pause. I mean, I feel very good about where we are headed market wise and the response we are getting as we continue to sell houses out there. So – but you increase rates 100 basis points in 4 days, it does impact higher psyche.
David Auld: I would say right now, we’re probably still lower than what we would consider a normal incentive. They are still a lot of buyers out there chasing homes, finding qualified buyers a little more difficult. Actually, reopening in the – some of our sales efforts has been interesting. So – but overall, I’d say the incentive program today is probably less than normal. I anticipate at some point, it will return to normal. There is still not a lot of inventory out there for people to buy.
David Auld: Our plan from day 1 has been consistent over time, balanced with supporting the homebuilding inventories and funding the growth. I don’t see that changing in ‘23, ‘24 or ‘25. We just – our goal is to be out there, operating consistently growing our market share, expanding homeownership opportunity for as many families as we possibly can. And I don’t see that changing.
David Auld: Ultimately, it’s going to come down to what drives the best return for that individual flag. Same formula we’ve been working on – working with for the – coming out of the downturn. Our long-term focus is returning the best we can with the inventory that we put out there, and that’s not going to change. We deemphasized gross margins when we could deliver every house we wanted to build as the construction process became more and more challenging we expanded margins because we were delivering every house we possibly can. At the end of the day, it’s returned, it’s ROI, it’s ROE. That’s our focus.
David Auld: Yes. Texas, Florida, I think are going to continue to drive national numbers. General lines has continued to be stable and strong for us, we are really – from a historical norm, from my history with the company and my history in the industry. It’s a good mark. I mean to talk about some areas being stressed or problematic. It just doesn’t exist today. Is there a pause, is there a reset in kind of the prior expectation, yes, absolutely. Payment shock when rates go up 100 basis points in four days, yes, absolutely. But demographics, demand, the desire to get out of the areas, all those are enforced and continuing and our expectations for next year or that we are going to get back on pace. So, all good in D.R. Horton.
David Auld: Surprised. I don’t know that surprised, it’s probably a great turn. We are responding to and it’s my belief, I think our belief that buyer demand is – I mean there is still more housing formations, job creations and there are homes being built. And so I think we have talked about elongated cycles in the past. This pause disruption, could it get worse, absolutely. But I have been doing this a long time. And in a conversation with one of our regional presidents a couple of days ago, we were talking about the market. And he and I both have been doing this a long time. Both have been in sales models when selling homes was very difficult. And this is probably the second best market ever. So, I guess I understand that there is uncertainty out there. But when you have people that want to buy homes, I mean we are going to adjust, we are going to figure out how to put those people in homes. That’s what we do. And so that’s market-by-market, flag-by-flag, division-by-division, however you want to cut it up, we are going to build, sell, start – we are going to start and close up [ph]. And create home ownership opportunities. That’s what the mission of this company is. So, that’s what we are going to do.
David Auld: I think compared to prior cycles, the entire industry is much more disciplined, much more focused on cash flow, much more focused on return, accelerating land prices. So, you look at our starts, you look at the industry starts, in June, I think very, very fast reaction to the rate increases. We will see what happens in July and August. But our expectation is that you are going to see starts stay disciplined. And when the rates stabilize and we can adjust pricing and offerings to the buyers and they are comfortable buying them, then I think you will see starts tick back up. But it’s just a different world today than it was in ‘04, ‘05, ‘06. You have got a real business that’s building assets today.
David Auld: I will also say, Rafe. We have a very deep pipeline of our plan that we have controlled for multiple years. And it does put us in a position where if we see the imbalance in land pricing versus future market expectations, we don’t have to buy it. We have got the ability to pause in our land acquisition for an extended period if we think that’s the prudent decision.
David Auld: Thank you, Paul. We appreciate everybody’s time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our fourth quarter results in November. And to the D.R. Horton family, you are a driving force in the creation of affordable housing in this country. What you do is important. Don Horton and the entire executive team, thank you for your focus and hard work. Let’s finish this year and move on to ‘23.
Mike Murray: It’s been – still been very strong, John. We have still been able to resell those cancellations. It just doesn’t happen immediately. By the time you resell it and re-qualify a buyer through the mortgage process, it could be a 4 to 8-week to 12-week process sometimes. But we are still seeing good demand for the homes that we have.
Mike Murray: I think there is certainly more impact potentially on the buyers that are mortgage rate sensitive, but we still saw 56% of our closings were first-time homebuyers in the quarter. And we closed a substantial number of homes in June to those first-time homebuyers that need a place to live. We’ve been able to provide some interest rate lot products from our mortgage company that’s given those buyers comfort and certainty around payment, but they are still buying a home out of need and necessity. Buyers that are more discretionary in nature. And as question earlier alluded to qualification versus value expectations, they are probably more in the value expectations side of taking a pause this summer and seeing where the housing market goes. But the biggest part of our business is focused primarily on the first-time buyer, first-time move up and providing an affordable home. So we’re still seeing people buying our homes out of need.
Mike Murray: The margin guidance, we talked about earlier is also reflective of the cost environment that we faced over the past 6 to 9 months as we started homes at different times and at different lumber pricing, frankly, was a big driver of it. General inflationary pressures across most of our cost categories, but certainly, the lumber has had a great deal of variability over the past 12 months. It rose significantly, fell off a bit, it went back up again and now it’s back down. So as those homes push through the production process and deliver, they are going to have an impact on the gross margin as well.
Mike Murray: We still see very strong interest when we take communities to market and still very encouraged by that. Certainly, the valuation equation is heavily impacted by long-term financing costs for those investors. So – and in periods of volatility in those costs in their underwriting. It’s a little longer to get the process completed with these transactions, but there is still tremendous demand for them. And they are still on the front end of it, as we see these communities begin to complete units and we open up to leasing, we’re still seeing strong demand for people moving into the homes. And so that’s ultimately very encouraging as we’re creating cash flow assets that there is, as you mentioned, a lot of capital interested in investing in those assets today.
Mike Murray: We certainly evaluate that in terms of demand for the – for sale in our portfolio. If pace slows down in a given market, then our land position gets a little longer in that market, looking for ways we always thought build to rent is a great way to more rapidly monetize land positions without cannibalizing for sale business because it’s a different user of that real estate and different owner of the real estate. So, it brings other capital pools to bear. So, we certainly have repurposed projects that we originally may have identified 3 years to 4 years ago, is for sale. Today, they are being executed as for rent, and that process continues. I mean we underwrite our land buys on the basis of a for-sale purchase. We do not look at the valuations from a build-to-rent aspect in underwriting land buys.
Mike Murray: We are constantly evaluating the land portfolio. That’s one of the benefits of having the option position we have is that we get the chance to continue to make decisions about projects as we move through them. Those land projects that we have – and neighborhood projects that we have identified in the portfolio, very important to the future deliveries of the company, and we are going to continue to work through those neighborhoods. But everybody we work with understands that we are all working together in the same market conditions and a change at the front end of selling homes to home buyers will ripple all the way through the value chain, and it starts ultimately with the land. So, we will continue to rework our portfolio as needed. And we always are continually making adjustments to reflect current on-the-ground conditions, whether it’s an acceleration or deceleration of the given project.
Mike Murray: We have historically not tried to hedge any of those positions, and we work with our local suppliers and partners to bring the lumber to the job sites to the best value possible. We have not yet seen how those markets are going to function or evaluate it yet if that’s a possibility for us. But we will certainly look at things that make sense to offset risk in our business.
Mike Murray: Hard to say. It’s early into the quarter as to where we are. The past few summers, we have not seen much seasonal falloff. This year, I think we are seeing a little more seasonality. But we still see traffic in the models. We still see people out buying homes. It’s not a zero environment. People are still moving into the homes that we complete and close. It’s probably coming back to a little more normal seasonality, where the middle of the summer gets a little bit slower from a traffic perspective.
Paul Romanowski: I think it’s a little bit of both. But yes, I mean we have seen delays in the permitting process and bringing communities online in addition to the delays that we have seen on the vertical side and so, if you look at that in aggregate and hence our guide to lower than what we had previously been guiding to. I don’t think that it’s getting necessarily better today. Any different than we are starting to see it stabilize some on the vertical side, the horizontal side, I think will continue to be a challenge in terms of bringing new communities online on time.
Paul Romanowski: Alan, I don’t think we’ve seen a definite pattern as of yet. I think that the incentives that we have put out, as we’ve stated, are still at this point below historical norms are being effective in terms of driving the traffic. Traffic in total has slowed just based on the market conditions and the change that we’ve already talked about. But generally speaking, those incentives have accomplished what we’ve been trying to do in terms of driving additional traffic and converting the homes as our cancellation rate has rise. We’ve been able to convert those homes that are completed, and we still have a lot of buyers with a near-term need to get into a house. And so we will adjust as the market needs to flag-by-flag community-by-community drive the returns we’re looking for. And the pace is the driver of that.
Paul Romanowski: Deepa, looking at our starts and we purposefully reduced that start pace over the last quarter, again, to meet the market, and that’s largely from production and production capacity. We had big start pace in the prior quarters leading into this and with continued challenges in the supply chain and the labor markets, giving our chance, giving our people and our vendors the ability to catch up and move those homes forward. And on a go-forward basis, we will adjust those start paces to market conditions. So, as we have mentioned, we are still early in this pause period an adjustment. And as we find our base, we will maintain start pace that we want to drive the units and deliveries we are looking for.
Paul Romanowski: No, we really – I think as you look at this process, and again, we are really at a pause in the market. And one of the last things we see to come down is going to be the land. It’s a little slower to react than first, we probably see it in the labor on a localized basis and the materials and then land will adjust over time based on market conditions, just like it always has. It’s going to rise and flow a little behind housing demand.
Bill Wheat: Sure, Steve. In terms of our completed spec homes, we’re always looking to sell those as quickly as we can. We’ve been at abnormally low levels. Still the 1,400 we’re at today is still relatively low. But if you look historically, we’ve typically been at levels quite a bit higher. So I think we’re seeing a return to a more normal level on completed specs, but the goal will always be to not have more than one or two completed specs at the community and continue to make sure that we move through those, and that they don’t age. In terms of our overall production, historically, when we had historically normal cycle times, you could anticipate us turning our housing inventory, our number of homes and inventory twice each year. We’ve been a little slower than that this year with the elongated cycle times. But we’re looking to into next year hopeful that we will see the improvements in cycle times and could get to a more normal level there as well. And so we’re adjusting our starts to reflect the current moderation in demand, and we will be monitoring demand very closely to determine the appropriate level of starts going forward. But then as part of that total production that we look to turn twice historically, our spec levels as a percentage of that total have ranged from the low 40s to the low 50s. And so right now, we’re kind of in that normal total spec range overall. And – so we will just be adjusting our SAR space, looking at our overall homes and inventory and our spec levels and alongside demand over the coming months to position ourselves as best we can through the current market.
Bill Wheat: I think on a cost per home basis, we have been seeing that rise with inflation. And so I think there is an element of that, that yes, that will remain. But our homes and inventory, our total number of homes and inventory expected to decline in the fourth quarter from the current level. And that’s fairly normal for us in the fourth quarter as well as we deliver more homes typically than we start in the fourth quarter.
Bill Wheat: Cancellation rates during the quarter. In the first part of the quarter, they were in the normal range. For us, we had been for a while below normal. So it was in the normal range. And then it did definitely increased sharply in June, which then brought the overall average for the quarter up. As far as today in July, I would still say it’s elevated, has not continued on a trend much higher, but it still is at an elevated level. And so we’re monitoring that along with our gross sales activity and responses to incentives and other affordability measures we’re trying to provide for our homebuyers and we will be monitoring that very closely going forward. But like we’ve said thus far, we’re still seeing a very good level of core demand out there. We’re reselling our cancellations rather smoothly thus far. And so we’re hopeful that we will find some stability here in the demand environment in our sales and cans environment over the next few months.
Bill Wheat: Mike, I’ll start with the gross margin on these guys may chime in a little bit more on the trends on incentives going forward. Gross margin guide itself. It starts with our backlog as we enter quarter. And as we mentioned, we had a lot of buyers that locked in their mortgage rates that they are expecting to close in Q4. And so we have more visibility to those homes that we expect to close in Q4 to the margins we expect to see there. So that’s the biggest piece of our visibility into our guide. We do still have some homes that we are selling in the current quarter that we will close, and those homes are more likely to be a little more exposed to the current incentive environment. And so we’d expect there to be a few more incentives in some of those homes, which has been factored into the guide as well. And so I think you have many comments in the market around level of incentives, I don’t I wouldn’t say those are inaccurate at all. But our closings in the coming quarter will partially reflect some of the current environment, but will also reflect some buyers that are in backlog and have their rates locked and marching towards closing in Q4.
Bill Wheat: Well, anytime we see a change in market conditions. And right now, we do expect the level of price increases to moderate and start to flatten out. We’ve already talked a bit about incentives rising. The top line is impacted quicker than our costs are. So we usually see two or three quarters where our higher costs are still coming through, and that puts some pressure on near-term margins. But then as that inflection begins, it opens the door up to be able to start addressing on the cost side. We’ve already seen some relief from lumber, which that will start to be more of a tailwind for us in coming quarters. And then other categories really beginning with labor becomes an opportunity as well. And so our goal will be to do as much as we can on the cost side to offset the impact that we see from prices flattening and incentive levels to maintain as good a margin as we can balance with pace to generate the best returns that we can generate. Where that will be, will depend on – will be dependent on the strength of the housing market and demand.
Bill Wheat: Yes. Susan, we only own about 130,000 lots today. So, we are constantly buying lots more and more, a larger percentage of our purchases are of finished lots and that we essentially put into production almost on a just-in-time basis. So, we will be continuing to replenish our owned lot supply along the way. As Mike said, adjusting our optioned portfolio on a constant basis. So, I would expect there will still be a steady reinvestment and replenishment of our land pipeline. Obviously, as we see how the current market conditions transition here, we will be evaluating the depth and demand, the strength of the demand and then positioning our land and our lots and our homes and inventory to match those conditions as we go into next year. And our spend will then align with the plans that we set.
Bill Wheat: And Dave, it’s in the current trends, it’s still very early to determine exactly what magnitude of adjustments may occur. We are still evaluating that on a week-by-week basis when – as David said earlier, when rates spiked, there is an adjustment period. And we are in that adjustment period right now where buyers are – there is a little bit of a rate shock or a payment shock. And so they are adjusting expectations and we are going to how to adjust with them to make sure we get them into the homes that they want to purchase.
Bill Wheat: Part of that positioning going into next year is our number of homes and inventory. We have 56,000 homes in inventory, today, and we are guiding to close between 23.5 and 25.5 in the coming quarters. So, we are going to go into the year with inventory as well and we will supplement it with our start pace in Q4 and beyond to then drive to the volume levels that will drive next year.
