Jessica L. Hansen: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 financial results. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-K next week. After this call, we will post updated supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations Section under News & Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes our previously released data on changes in active selling communities and brand stratification updated to also include the data on our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margins, price stratification and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica L. Hansen: And we don't actually have any fixed costs in our cost of goods so the gross margin was not impacted by the hurricanes.
Jessica L. Hansen: And the price point really varies from market to market. But very generally speaking, Texas across to Florida up into the Carolinas, if you can put a house on the ground for a sales price under $300,000, we still see very robust demand. The further West market, call it, under $400,000, once again very generally speaking submarkets have different dynamics, but generally speaking under $400,000 in the West. So a lot of the new flags we have come to market that we are behind on some of those legs getting opened are focused on those price points.
Jessica L. Hansen: And we have the lot to show that it's going to happen. David mentioned our option lot position is up 40,000 lots from a year ago. So that is the direction the communities will come over time.
Jessica L. Hansen: No, Steve. When we look at that consolidated pre-tax profit margin range that incorporated our thought of 20% to 22% being a range. And 20% would be a pretty dramatic move from where we are today. So we wouldn't expect that level of choppiness in our gross margin as we move from quarter-to-quarter. But we do believe is we move throughout the year until we see the spring, we don't ultimately know what gross margins will look like for the full year. So we wanted to give a slightly wider band than what we gave, say, a quarter or two ago.
Jessica L. Hansen: We don't ever make any drastic business decisions in October. October to December is always the seasonally slowest time of the year. And so we really want to wait and see what the spring looks like before we make any big business plan decisions.
Jessica L. Hansen: And financing availability is not the issue for those buyers. It really is the supply. We continue to see our credit metrics improve even on our Express buyers that utilize our mortgage company today, their FICO scores continue to risen to this quarter at 710 compared to just our company average of 720. And our cumulative loan to value on those is actually ticked down slightly to 90, almost right in line with our company average. So financing is there. There's just not homes on the ground for those price points for those buyers.
Jessica L. Hansen: And our Division Presidents are going to make sure they're starting homes in the right communities. That's what they're adjusting on a day-to-day and week-to-week basis is putting the starts on the ground in the communities where we're seeing either more consistent or more robust demand to meet the sales and demand that's out there.
Jessica L. Hansen: And do plan to continue to reduce our debt as we said in the scripted comments that $500 million maturity this March. We believe that the lower interest costs in our business really are competitive advantage, and as we continue to pay down debt that's just one more tailwind to help us offset cost pressures in our gross margin.
Jessica L. Hansen: Yeah. I think that's fair Mike. As we said, we don't comment our guide specifically on sales. But as we've said several times on the call about the choppiness we've seen this fall and we are behind our business plan, albeit only one month into the year. And as we said, we continue to see the good demand at affordable price points. So we're very well positioned to continue to go out sell the industry and whatever the market is out there to continue to consolidate share. But with that closings guidance that would tell you that, yeah, we're behind our plan one-month into the year so far.
Jessica L. Hansen: We honestly utilize our bank research coverage for the economist. We don't have an economist on staff that doesn't fit into our SG&A budget very nicely. But we're looking at it all of the same things, most of the people on the line probably are. And clearly, demographics are favorable the economy seems to be on very good footing. And so really as we see it today, we would believe there could be growth in the industry next year, particularly at affordable price points. So, we'll adjust as we need to, to meet market conditions. But yes, I think we would expect if builders are putting the right-priced houses on the ground. There should be growth in the industry as a whole. And whatever that growth ultimately is that D.R. Horton would outpace that.
Jessica L. Hansen: Yeah. The 3% square footage decline was a year-over-year metrics. So this isn't apples-to-apples to that but I do have our sequential Q3 versus Q4 by brand in front of me. And our square-footage across all four brands declined slightly sequentially, which would be right along with what we've been saying for a while now as interest rates rise, people who need or want to buy house, just buy a little less house.
Jessica L. Hansen: And more accurately be able to calculate a free cash flow number, which I think is what most people do, since it has been so small, it's previously been in PP&E. So we wanted to get it out of PP&E to keep free cash flow clean.
David V. Auld: In closing, the strength of our team and operating platform across the country allowed us to grow our revenues 14% and our pre-tax profit is 29% while generating $1 billion of homebuilding cash flow from operations. We also improved our annual homebuilding return on inventory by 360 basis points to 20.2%. We are focused on consolidating market share, while growing both our revenue and pre-tax profits generating strong cash flows and returns while maintaining a flexible financial position. We are well-positioned to do so with our conservative balance sheet, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offering across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position, and most importantly our outstanding experienced team across the country. We congratulate the entire D.R. Horton team on our 17th consecutive year as the largest builder by volume in the United States and we thank you for your hard work and accomplishments. We look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations in 2019. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David V. Auld: This is David. Market conditions really over the last four, five weeks have been pretty choppy. We haven't seen kind of the consistency at the flag-to-flag level that we have grown to expect. So when you are the size we are, you kind of get a sense that maybe a little momentum is slipping from the market to you. You have a hard time driving the number of sales it takes for us to grow double-digits. So I'd say, Q1, we're giving you a good picture of where we are right now. Expectation-wise, I can tell you, I believe we are positioned as well as we have ever been. Our operators out there in the field have plans to produce double-digit, and we'll see what happens. Given some kind of – any kind of market at all in the spring, I think we're going to have a great year. But right now, it's been a very few quarters where we've had to come in and release because we had given guidance and then fell a little bit short of it at the quarter. So maybe part of it's our own conservative nature up here. We don't want to put a number out there we can't hit.
David V. Auld: And, Stephen, we did believe we would be growing community count last year and really just couldn't get the communities online. So that is certainly in the plan for 2019.
David V. Auld: I think you're going to pretty much see a continuation of what we have been doing. We are very interested in the culture and the ability to bring these companies into our company. So the great big deals, heavy lot deals probably don't make a lot of sense to us right now. I can tell you the deals that were closed on a very, very good companies, very good culture. People that I think will fit well within our company. So we'll see if we can get them done.
David V. Auld: Bill mentioned we've been talking to these guys for quite some time. We really are serious about the cultural fit. So it is a courtship and the typical deals probably two years from the time we start to when we close on what we're working on right now.
David V. Auld: No. This fits right in with that – this has to do with market consolidation. In a couple instances getting a platform in a new market.
David V. Auld: No, no. We are on track with our overall option lot growth, trying to become less reliant on self-developed land and lots. So, that's not going to change.
David V. Auld: Let me – this is David. Let me speak to the land spend positioning. Right now, it's my personal belief that we're going to continue to see double-digit growth in 2019. And we are continuing to position for that double-digit growth. What we've seen so far in October is – when we start putting numbers together, the range of possibilities becomes so broad and so lighted, it's meaningless to even put it out there. So, our look is at Q1 – and I believe any way that we're going to have a good year and we are going to continue to position to that. Now when we get into the spring, if this choppiness that we're seeing now turns into – continues or gets worse, then yes, our land spend, every spend is going to significantly curtail. But right now, today, we're not giving up on the year.
David V. Auld: I think – you would think at the higher-price points maybe interest rates impact the buyers less. But what we're seeing debt to income issues when you get over that $300,000 in most of our markets. It just seems like that buyer is having a more difficult time getting qualified. And housing valuations have been so good for so long that when people go out and take a look at a house, they could – two years ago, they can afford a much nicer house than they can today. So, there is kind of that sticker shock process going on. And as far as demand at under $300,000, there's just not very much out there in any of the market.
David V. Auld: Supply. Yes. Not much – the demand is there, there's not much supply. So, even though demand may be restricted by affordability, there are still more buyers out there than there are that can afford it than there is product.
David V. Auld: And maybe to answer this a little more directly. The person that came in three or four months ago at the below $300,000 price point, they could buy a 2,200 square-foot house. Today, for that same payment, they're looking at maybe a 2,000, 1,800, 1,900 square-foot house. They still want a house, they still need a house. But their expectation of – we've seen this every time there has been an increase in rates over a relatively short period amount of time. There's an adjustment time, where the reality and expectation had to realign. So again, the alternatives are very, very limited. So if they're going to buy a house, the demand is there I guess is I'm trying to say. That it does create choppiness and it does create maybe a less consistence sales pace.
David V. Auld: We really do look at sales week to week to week, project by project. So we have not made any adjustments so far. My expectation is in the last couple of years we have seen, especially after the 2016 election, we saw sales pickup early the spring market started in December. Not sure that I am 100% bought in. We're going to see that same thing this year. But I can tell you, it would not surprise me. And again, like Jessica says, we've seen about five or six weeks so far this year. That's not a lot. But to answer your question, yes, we won't wait till April to adjust our start.
David V. Auld: Thank you, Devon. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in January to share our first quarter results. And to the entire D.R. Horton team. Don Horton and this Executive Group, thank you for your continued hard work and incredible focus in delivering an outstanding 2018. And for insiders only, just want you to know we awarded Mr. Horton his purple shirt, last night at dinner. Have a great day. And thank you.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah. Certainly, there was some impact from the hurricanes in September on our closings. One of the reasons, why we pre-reported our closings and at any time we fall a bit short of our plans on our revenue line, our leverage on SG&A is impacted, and I would say that, that's the primary reason why our SG&A came-in higher than we had guided for the quarter.
Bill W. Wheat: From an incentive standpoint, Carl. In the fourth quarter closings, we saw a very slight sequential tick-up in incentives from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. Year-over-year, incentives were still at a lower level in the fourth quarter than they had been historically. As we move forward, as we're in a more choppy environment, as David said, community-by-community, we're working to maximize returns by community. And in some cases, if giving some incentive to increase pace or to maintain pace will improve return, we'll be doing that. And so, generally, you would expect in the choppy environment for incentives to tick-up a little bit. That's reflected in our guidance here for our margin expectations in Q1. But then, we do believe fundamentals from the economy, from demographics, from housing fundamentals especially at affordable price points, is still very solid. And so, our positioning, feeling great position for the spring selling season, but realistically right now we were not to the spring. We don't have a visibility to the spring yet. And so, that's why we're maintaining a bit of flexibility here in terms of our forward guidance, because we just don't have that visibility yet.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah. Willingness of potential buyers. I'll tell you is the one that we're close on today, are ones that we've been talking with for quite some time and working with for quite some time. But we would expect that going forward to the extent that there is a little more inconsistency in the market. We would probably see – expect to see some buyers or some potential sellers have a bit more willingness to sell going forward.
Bill W. Wheat: Sure, John. This year – this past year, the effort has been to begin building the platform at Forestar. And fortunately, Forestar was very liquid, it still is. Had a lot of cash on the balance sheet at the date of acquisition, have been – has sold some of their legacy assets over the course of the last year, raised a lot of capital and is still on a very liquid position here at September, 30, made a lot of progress on the capital structure standpoint, getting the banks' credit facility in at $380 million capacity provides significant capital flexibility there to Forestar as well, and so very pleased with their positioning. All along, any plans for public capital raising either in the debt or the equity markets, it would be subject to market conditions and timing. Forestar is working to be in position to raise capital in fiscal 2019 as the plan has been all along. And the timing of that will be dependent on when we feel like the best market windows are. Fortunately, Forestar is in a very good position today with their capital, with their lot position to drive the growth targets that we've been talking about for fiscal 2019 and 2020 without raising additional capital. However, their plan is still to raise capital in fiscal 2019. If we were to go-to-market today, I do agree with you, the best time to raise capital is when you don't need it and they don't need it right now. But if we were to go-to-market today we would likely go to the debt market, given just where the equity markets have been recently. But the long-term plan for Forestar does still include both equity and debt and when market conditions are favorable for equity; equity is definitely part of the plan.
Bill W. Wheat: Primarily at the upper-end. That's where we primarily have been seeing weakness. And then, as David said, last four, five, six weeks, it's generally been choppy, but we would not necessarily say that's an indicator of any change in demand at the lower price points.
Bill W. Wheat: So it really comes down to us as positioning. Every community, every market, positioning our homes, positioning the floor plans that we offer to make sure that they're at that affordable payment for that core buyer in that market. And that means it's a smaller house or buyer is going to select more of our smaller floor plan that's what we expect to see. In fact, we started seeing that this quarter. Our average square footage on our homes closed this quarter was down 3%. And so we're positioning ourselves to make sure that there's a home for that buyer that has had to reset their expectations.
Bill W. Wheat: We've taken the balanced approach. Thus far, we have ample liquidity and flexibility to really still grow our business as well as continue to pay down debt and provide return to shareholders through our dividends and our share repurchases. We have been incrementally increasing our share repurchases, and we expect incrementally increase them further this year to offset our share price or our share creep, so they will keep our outstanding share count at least flat, no more than flat this year. But we do have room to be opportunistic. With our authorization we have room to be opportunistic there as well and so we will balance the opportunities in our potential share repurchases alongside our other opportunities as well.
Bill W. Wheat: So that combined with a little bit more of a mix shift towards more first-time buyers would generally be buying a smaller house as well would be the other component of it.
Bill W. Wheat: You know we have – I think we've mentioned it a couple of different times. We've been in the process really for the last 2 to 2.5 years of starting out internally, the capability to build multifamily communities. We've done this on land that our homebuilding operations already owned. And so it's a very synergistic business with our homebuilding business. In the past we've typically sold of partials that were zoned for multifamily. But we have developed the capabilities to build those in house, we made very good progress on that. Currently, we have four projects actively under construction and two projects that are substantially complete. One of which is actually being marketed for sale right now. So that we've been building that – slowly internally, but it is growing. And we would expect in the coming year for it to grow a bit more and begin to see some sales of assets there as well along the way. So we felt like just in terms of our presentation, and our cash flow as it begins to grow a bit, is a small component of our business to call out that cash that would be a prudent move. So that everyone can see. You have better visibility to that portion of our cash.
Bill W. Wheat: It's incrementally growing, but again we have six projects going, we've got projects planned to start in the coming year. And we do believe that it's a very synergistic business to our business and there's some natural advantages that we have as with our relationships on the material side, on the land side and the synergies with our homebuilding business to build something that can create value for our shareholders over the long-term.
Michael J. Murray: Good morning, Stephen. It's only October, so it's really kind of hard to read in too much. But it has been choppy. I would say that our affordable price point flags, we continue to see good traffic and good demand. Incentives have probably not been as heavy at those levels. Anecdotally, we're seeing that in some of the higher price points, not a huge positioning for us, less than – about a third of our closings are coming from the price point above $300,000 nationally. That buyer is probably little bit affordably stretched and taking a little bit of time to reset to a changing mortgage rate environment and some of the media conditions. We are hopeful with the midterms behind us that people can get back and focus on their lives, and we'll be moving forward. But a lot of that is really going to play itself out over the next three months. And we're excited to get to the Super Bowl, not because we're Cowboys fans necessarily, but because that's typically when the selling season kicks off. And so, that's really what we think we're going to see. And right now, it's been choppy, as we said.
Michael J. Murray: You exactly – are thinking about exactly right. And we've been frankly planning for community count to be more stable or slightly growing for the past 18 months. We got two dynamics in play. One, our communities are running at faster absorption than we probably expected. And so, we were closing out of communities faster. And then, frankly, it's taking us longer than we anticipated to get communities open. And we had continue to respond to the challenges we face and try to adjust our business plan to reflect the realities that we face in getting communities through planning, through approvals and through development. But it has taken us longer to get the new ones open and the ones that are open are selling at faster clips than we probably anticipated. So it's a function of two things on the community counts. We would expect to see community counts stabilize and trend up in 2019.
Michael J. Murray: And then with your question as to the option pricing, those prices are generally struck at the time the option is entered into, typically, there's an opening price for the initial takedowns. Oftentimes, there is a fixed-rate escalator that will start running from the initial takedown until all the lots are taken down. Not in every case, sometimes it's there maybe in a small minority of option contracts or maybe some adjustment based upon pricing achieved with the house. That's pretty rare these days. I believe the aggregate earns money deposit today is about 6% to remaining purchase price. So that's sort of a – and again that's a collection of a lot of lot purchase contracts. So those are some generalizations and averages, but that's kind of what's out there guiding us.
Michael J. Murray: And certainly, we're seeing at the higher price points there is more supply available relative to the demand that's there. So the buyers have more choice whether it's an existing homes or other new homes. At the more affordable price points where communities are established and the sales process, the mortgage process is there to support that first-time homebuyer. That's where we're focused on opening flags and bringing those products to market. I think about half of our mortgage company's closing this last quarter were, too, first-time homebuyers. And so we're really pleased with what we're seeing there and that buyer is coming into the market. They, call it, 10 years out of school now. They may have come out of school in 2008, not the greatest time to start your career. And they've hit a point in their lives where they are ready for home ownership. And we're very excited to see them coming into the sales offices.
Michael J. Murray: And, Alan, I'd also like to point out that at the end of September we had 4,000 completed homes that were unsold, which is actually less than we had ending fiscal 2017. So we're still seeing the projects working at the community level and we are monitoring week-to-week, community-to-community, our teams do great job of staying on top of that. They have a plan for what they believe in is happening in their sub markets and continuing to execute against that. I mean we are taking market inputs and looking at the sales pace in every community to look at the sales to adjust the starts. But we watch it very closely, and we still believe we have positioned and are positioning for 2019.
Michael J. Murray: I think we'll be seeing that Alan. I think we will be seeing some cost pressures alleviate a bit, which will be – what has been a headwind certainly has been the tight labor market for construction. And the lumber, I think we'll see that lumber become a bit of a tailwind probably into our late second quarter, third quarter deliveries or second quarter and third quarter deliveries, late first quarter potentially. And then, we will see I think a little bit of labor moderate as others perhaps adjust their starts.
Michael J. Murray: It's hard to generalize what any one individual private homebuilder or any other builders thinking about. But generally, and this is from talking with a lot of private builders, their focus is generally not on returns. Their focus is generally margin house-to-house-to-house, and so they maybe a bit slower to respond to market conditions and others. They are also typically more focused on building homes to order rather than building homes to market demand and providing product that's kind of more readily available for the entry-level buyer.
Michael J. Murray: I think you're right Mike. We're one-month into our fiscal year. We are in the slowest seasonal period of the time, historically slowest seasonal period of the time. And also occurring in that period of time, we saw interest rates move up that the buyers are dealing with. The buyers dealt with a lot of media coverage that was crazy. And so, we're not going to make any – as Jessica said before – any significant business decisions based upon this is the small step into the year we are so far. But we will continue to monitor every community at the same operating strategy we have. What pace price combination drives the best returns for each one of those communities, and the market is going to help us make those decisions. Our fiscal 2019 margins in the range, we've given it's largely the spring selling season that's going to determine what those margins end up being. So we are very pleased with the positioning the teams have done in terms of building out their sales and construction and customer care teams, and the lot positions and the homes we have in inventory and that's going to be the execution in the spring against that's going to determine where fiscal 2019 comes out.
Michael J. Murray: We're not seeing much change in sort of the land market conditions of where we have been. And we certainly don't expect any impairments or impairment risk on recent purchases based on where market conditions are today. In spite we talk about them being choppy, we're still not any kind of alarmed relative to valuations of our projects.
Michael J. Murray: I don't know they have exactly driven in by brand or price stratification where those are in front of me – I know Jessica's flipping through. So if we don't have it here we'll try to give it back to you. In the aggregate it's kind of where that number is that's going to be reflective across the whole thing but the majority of the lion share of our portfolio is within the D.R. Horton brand and the Express brand. So that's what's going to be driving any kind of an average – overall average movement. And it has come down a little bit as we've been starting houses in line with what we believe our buyers payments, tolerances are and then the buyers are making some of those selections to gravitate to those smaller part – smaller homes.
