Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the first quarter and fiscal 2023. Before we get started, today’s call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is filled with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q tomorrow. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: And typically, lumber prices go up as we move throughout the spring. So although we're seeing a benefit from lumber today, if typical seasonality holds, lumber would actually be a headwind against the cost reductions that we are seeing on those new home starts that Mike just alluded to.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah. So we talked about on the call that we do expect to see normal seasonality in terms of the move from Q1 to Q2 sales. And so what we saw in terms of the increased sales activity in the first few weeks of January was a positive early indicator. It is still too early to ultimately say what's going to happen this spring, but it gave us the confidence to say that we could see normal seasonality, which typically would be about 50% up from Q1 to Q2 in terms of net sales orders. We also did see a slight improvement, it’s only a few weeks, which doesn't make a quarter, but we've seen a slight improvement in our cancellation rate in January as well, which also helps give us the confidence to say an increased level of net sales orders in Q2 versus Q1.
Jessica Hansen: And as a reference, again, our owned lots finished percentage is only 32%, which is roughly 43,000 lots. So, we're by no means oversupplied from a finished lot perspective, which is what we're trying to continue to position ourselves forward community-by-community.
Jessica Hansen: I would say during the December quarter, as we mentioned on the call, as you know, Mike, is the seasonally slowest quarter of the year. So, we generally don't extrapolate anything that happens in October, November, and December, and we don't generally give a whole lot of monthly color, but we felt like based on current market conditions that warranted talking about the first few weeks of January, and that's what we're pleased with is we've seen what we would typically expect to see as we move through these first few weeks.
Jessica Hansen: And so as with everything, our starts are managed community by community, market by market by our local operators to focus on not piling up excess completed homes that have been sitting there for an extended period of time.
Jessica Hansen: And you're starting to see some level of closings each and every quarter, but it is still choppy here in the earlier stages, and we would expect that to become more consistent over time as we get further along with the lots and the houses we have under construction.
Jessica Hansen: We're going to continue to meet the market and do what we need to do to maximize returns community by community.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Jay. Our typical percentage, we're in just pretty consistently up until the last year or two in the 35% to 40% range. A quarter ago, we were in the high teens. A year ago, it was even lower than that. And this quarter, we were roughly 34%. So, when we talk about reverting to normal, we started to see that reversion in the first quarter, but we expect that to continue to tick up. So, whether it's actually 40% or closer to the 35%, 36%, we don't know. But typically, 35% to 40% would be a pretty consistent range for us.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah, specific to Horton, those are other industry reasons, right? Specific to Horton, our inventory position puts us in a more confident place to be able to say we're going to see that pick up with the level of completed homes we have and the stage of construction, the homes behind those are at, because what we're seeing the most success in today is buyers who do want a home quickly because they can get that certainty of not only close date, but most importantly, interest rate. And so that is the majority of our buyers today, and that's why we feel very confident and are very happy with our inventory position right now.
David Auld: In closing, our results and positions reflect our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions and continue aggregating market share. We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. We are incredibly well positioned to continue improving our operations in providing homeownership opportunities to more American families. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: Well, Carl, as you know, I'm always optimistic. We feel very good about our inventory position. And you know, through the last three, four quarters, we limited sales to better align inventory cost demand and our ability to deliver. We are now positioned more in what I would consider a normalized inventory position and again, feel very good about our position and where we're heading into this quarter.
David Auld: You know, Carl, even before the pandemic, we did very well in the small markets. And ultimately, it comes back to SG&A and control and the ability to deliver houses incrementally add a competitive advantage to what anybody else out there is able to do. So, that - that's been a part of our program and I think you're going to see continue to be a part of our program.
David Auld: We have still addressed our incentives with a balance of rate buy-downs, financial incentives, along with adjusting price community by community to drive the returns that we're looking for. As we enter into the spring selling season, we're seeing some seasonality that we're happy with as the market starts to lead and we'll continue to adjust to drive the absorptions by community.
David Auld: Yeah, we still expect increased cash flow from our homebuilding operations in fiscal 2023 versus fiscal 2022. We saw our inventory step down slightly this quarter. We will be increasing our start pace as we move into the spring and then adjusting that to what we see in market demand. So we may not continue to see the same pace of cash generation as we did in our first quarter, but we do still expect to see robust cash. And then we're going to continue to take our balanced approach to deploying that first foremost of the homebuilding business next to the rental business. We will still see a substantial increase in our assets in the rental business this year, we're not guiding to a specific growth number there quite yet for fiscal 2023 because we're still evaluating the market and evaluating investments as we move through the year, but we do expect that level of inventory to increase while we see a significant increase in revenues in that business. And then past that, we will continue to pay dividends and continue to repurchase shares. We expect to repurchase shares at a similar dollar volume as last year, which would indicate greater than $1 billion of share repurchases for fiscal 2023. And then finally, on the balance sheet front, while we're very pleased with our leverage level, we do have $700 million of senior notes that mature in fiscal 2023, 300 million in February, 400 million in August. And currently, just given the overall environment and our cash flow expectations, we're preparing to pay those debt to maturities off with from cash. But obviously, we'll evaluate capital markets along the way to determine whether we want to refinance or not. But right now, preparing to pay those from cash.
David Auld: Most importantly, we don't know. And we're taking probably a conservative stance in looking at the fact that seasonally in a normal seasonal environment, we do see lumber cost increase through the spring -- and if we do -- are seeing some normalized demand coming back with the spring selling season, seasonality, would expect that to drive lumber prices higher, which would offset some of the efforts we've made on like-for-like cost reductions. We have been able to get new product starts out, new home starts out that are more reflected to today's environment, smaller homes, more affordable homes that should help -- but in terms of a like-for-like cost benefit increase, it's going to take a little while for that product to move through the system in a material way.
David Auld: We don't have a sense for a number, Steve, I'm sorry. We're not that good at predicting. We're just taking a conservative approach that seasonally lumber tends to go up in the spring. And that's probably going to have an impact on our cost and our deliveries later in the year.
David Auld: Yes, Stephen. We have worked hard for the lot position that we have and the relationships that we've built and with those developer relationships, we're continuing to -- it's still hard to get a lot on the graph. And so our lot count as a percentage of owned and total numbers, we expect to continue to increase -- and some of that will depend on what we see with the spring selling season and through the rest of fiscal 2023. But we don't expect that to go down and we expect to see potentially our owned lot supply as a percent increase marginally through this market.
David Auld: In terms of the math that you laid out. If we do see that normal seasonality, yes, it still would result in net sales down year-over-year, but up very nicely sequentially.
David Auld: Just to add, it is very hard to put a lot on the ground. It's very hard to build houses. And the overall market is still undersupplied. So long-term, I think we've got a great outlook what happens in the next quarter. We're going to deal with the market as it comes.
David Auld: A lot of our starts decisions are made within the quarter on the basis of what the sales trends are occurring at that point in time. And certainly, through late summer and into the fall, our first quarter, mortgage rates spiking up, cancellations increasing, looking at our current inventory positions neighborhood by neighborhood relative to recent sales paces, certainly led us to slow down our starts. Coming into this fiscal – this calendar year into the second quarter, seeing some improvement in our cycle time and supply chain issues unsnarling, and we feel like we'll be able to start homes and complete them in a more timely fashion this year. So we did -- we are trying to meter our starts out a little bit to more closely match our sales demand right now.
David Auld: I think we saw the starts kind of align with our sales pace in the quarter, and I think we're going to look to try to maintain that relationship through this time of the year as we're seeing good sales demand in the early spring selling season, we'll be replacing those homes with new starts to continue having inventory in the shelf available to sell. We are certainly seeing more homes selling later in the construction process, certainty of delivery date, certainty of mortgage rate and payment are big important factors for our buyers. And we're also focusing very heavily on recovering our housing inventory turnover metrics and getting more efficient with those inventory dollars. Got to get our returns back up on our housing inventory.
David Auld: Yes, Buck, we do, as an ordinary course use mortgage rate buy-downs and many of those are for the life of the loan. That's been a program we've had in quite place for quite some time. The costs do vary from time to time, depending on market conditions and timing of when you tie up those positions. But that's something that we try to make sure that we have in the toolbox for our salespeople is to be able to offer an attractive mortgage rates to buyers who come in.
David Auld: It's going to vary community-by-community and over time as to what the most attractive incentive is, and we try to put a lot of tools in our division operators' hands to make the best decisions about what's going to motivate and drive their realtor and buyer traffic in their communities and excite our sales agents with a reason to call and a reason to drive some traffic this week. So, it might be a little bit of a pricing adjustment on a few homes. It might be the rate buy-down, some mortgage financing incentives have been very popular, very heavily utilized. And it might be that supply chain is working back out that we're back to a washer-dryer Wednesdays. I mean there's plenty of incentives out there that we're going to use to drive a pace to hit a return we need to hit at every given neighborhood.
David Auld: It's just timing of projects and when they'll be ready -- completed and ready and through a sale process. We'll just have fewer this quarter ready to close than we had this past quarter.
David Auld: Yeah. As we see marginal improvement in our inventory turns and home construction times, you're starting to see and you see that in our numbers, a larger percentage of our inventory homes on the completed side, which allows us to meet the market, which quite frankly is available to us today, which is shorter-term close. And so we're seeing more homes sell and close in the quarter, getting back more towards historical norms, and we expect to see that on a go-forward basis with the maturity of the home inventory that we have.
David Auld: So generally, we talk about a completed spec, we have a pretty aggressive definition of what's completed, it's when it gets into the final flooring stage. So typically, from a home hitting that completion milestone for us, normal conditions, it's probably going to take between two weeks to four weeks for that home actually to be moving ready and more likely to the four-week side of that. So if we look at how many houses we have out there that are aging in the buckets, we have about 190 houses that have been passed our completion date by more than six months or more. So we still feel very comfortable about the freshness of that spec inventory, and this is the exact right time of the year to have that inventory, especially with the backdrop of very low existing home sale inventory available in the marketplace.
David Auld: Well, yes, I think there has been a lot in the press on water and water is and will continue to be a headwind throughout the West, not just in Arizona. And certainly, our acquisition and integration of Vidler has helped our positioning and that's really some benefit to the short-term, but mostly a long-term strategic decision on our part, knowing that we're going to head these -- facing these headwinds for the foreseeable future. I don't think there's been a significant change on a local basis. It's still difficult to get lots on the ground to get entitlements through the process and to get those permits. It has been for a while, and that continues. So, we feel good about our position -- the lot positions we have in the Phoenix market and we've got a great team on board there that continues to navigate through that environment.
David Auld: I think we're still seeing demand for the properties. I think the pricing and the margins we realized on our early project sales benefited from construction and lower construction cost environments coupled with a very attractive rate environment when we sold those and that continued to some degree into our first quarter deliveries, we would expect to see some kind of a more normalized reversion to demand to a mean. And I think we'll see our margins come back in line to be closer to slightly above on what we're seeing on for sale side, the traditional core sales side. But our business model is to develop the communities and sell them into the marketplace. That's what we do best, finding the land, building the homes and bringing people to those communities is what we've been very successful with so far. So still learning, still going to get better, but we do like that business.
David Auld: I do think the credit markets have stabilized somewhat, consumer confidence improved a little bit. Job growth continues to be very good. So overall, if you look at product demand at just a generalized economy becoming less bad, very good signs for housing. And we monitor our sales; we monitor cancellations week to week to week to week. And so when we see that trend returning to more of a normalized market, it's hard not to be optimistic that we're going to good spring. And that's the way we're positioned and we'll get up every day and respond to what happens out there in the field.
David Auld: Thank you, Paul. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today, and look forward to speaking with you again to share our second quarter results in April. And finally, congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton team. We're producing a solid first quarter while navigating changing market conditions, go compete and continue to win every day. Thank you.
Mike Murray: Normally coming into the spring selling season, we'd be a little heavier than our normal 50% spec ratio. But feel really good about what we have in front of us right now for demand.
Mike Murray: We've been really successful working with a lot of our trade partners in lowering our cost. And we've gotten a little bit of tailwind from certainly from the lumber price reductions that have occurred, but it just takes a while for those cost changes on the front end to actually show up in the closing, especially with the more recently prolonged build times. So, it's just a function of the calendar working those new cost structures through the pipeline. So, the deliveries we see in 2023 were largely, first half of the year especially started in fiscal 2022 in a different cost environment.
Mike Murray: The first quarter benefited from a few projects that were lined up to close in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 had some storm impact and delayed some timing of a few closings there. So that 1Q number was probably a little higher than the original production sales schedule is set up for.
Bill Wheat: It does feel Stephen, like there is some normalcy returning to the market. And so you go back pre-pandemic and you look at what happened – costs get inflated during the last year, 18 months? Yes. Are we fighting get that back? Yes. our commodity price like lumber may go up, may go down, may stay the same. But are we going to be conservative in our guidance? Absolutely, we are.
Bill Wheat: In terms of just pricing, really, our net sales orders in the quarter and the average sales price on that is the best indication. Our net sales order price this quarter is around 367,000, I believe. And, of course, we peaked last year, a little over 400,000. So you're already looking at roughly a 10% decline in our net sales orders. And as then we look at our margin guide going forward, we're taking recent pricing into effect. We're hopeful that if we see some normal seasonality and normal demand during the spring that further significant pricing reductions would not be necessary, but we're going to assess that week-to-week and month-to-month as we go through the spring. But our gross margin guide takes into account recent pricing along with the cost trends that we've already been discussing.
Bill Wheat: I think generally, it's still a little too early Truman. Land is typically one of the stickier parts of the process. And as David and Paul both mentioned earlier in the call, it is increasingly difficult to get a lot entitled and on the ground. And so that is something that has held up pretty well. But anecdotally, there are situations where we're able to make some progress on the land residual with some of our land sellers. But not broad trends yet, for sure.
Bill Wheat: Yeah. The acquisition of Riggins in Northwest Arkansas gave us -- not I want to say, an entrance into the market. We were in there with a couple of communities, but gave us a solid position in a market that has remained strong with good employment growth and limited housing supply again to the earlier question of the secondary markets, a solid market that we are happy to be in. It was a good acquisition and tuck-in for us with a well-established community with a great lot of supply. And so gave us immediate inventory and homes in progress, well-respected builder in the market that we're happy to as part of the family. As far as other acquisitions, we continue to look at those -- and where we have tuck-in opportunities similar to this, we had things that we would explore but no broad-based change in how we look at builders and margin.
Bill Wheat: And Eric I think its just – I think it's just indicative of the entire industry and lessons learned in the last downturn. I mean I do believe that there is a discipline around the industry, and it's not just short-term, chase every market every day. So it's -- we're trying to do a lot in inventory levels with demand. And it ultimately comes back to if you look at the long-term position of the industry, there aren't enough lots for houses for the population and demand that we see taking place over the next three to five years.
Bill Wheat: Hopefully, with the rate stabilization we've seen -- we'll see stabilization in incentives and pricing environment going forward.
Bill Wheat: And that's something we manage very closely. Obviously, we've been building specs for a very long time. We have a lot of discipline around that. And so we do watch those completed specs as they start to age. And they get longer if they get longer than 90 days, then yes, we will start to step up the efforts to ensure that we move them. But right now, we still have a very fresh – fresh batch of completed specs out there for springs selling season.
Bill Wheat: Mike, we're only guiding to Q2 margin. And the reason we're only guiding to Q2 margin is we don't know what margins or what the environment will be beyond Q2. The spring selling season, obviously, we've got some early encouraging signs but we don't know what their conditions will be at the height of the spring selling season. So we have visibility to where our margins and our sales and our backlog and our pricing and our costs are today heading into the quarter but even Q2 had some level of uncertainty to it. We would expect to sell and close 40% of our closings in the same quarter in the coming quarters. So while we believe that there's some possibility of some stability in the market with mortgage rates stable that could change this afternoon. And so right now, we're giving you what we get -- what we have. So our guidance for margins of 20% to 21% is what we can see today for Q2. There is some risk, both upside and downside there. I would say it's possible we could beat that range. But it's certainly possible that we might not. But past Q2, we simply don't have visibility right now.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Jay, we have $700 million of homebuilding notes that mature this year and right now we plan to do to pay those off with cash. That's out of just under $3 billion of homebuilding debt. So, roughly 25% of the balance would be paid down that if we do not replace that debt, that would reduce our interest carry in time. That benefit would really primarily be probably noticed in fiscal 2024 and beyond because it takes time for the interest to be capitalized and move their inventory. But it would take our interest carry down probably 20, 30 basis points as a percentage of margin over time -- longer term benefit.
