Donald Tomnitz: We continue to focus on the fundamentals of our business bringing homes and communities to the market with a product for both move-up and entry-level buyers at the right price points. Controlling finished lots, closely monitoring our home spec inventory in relation to our sales, controlling our construction and SG&A costs and maintaining our strong balance sheet with a significant cash balance.  The specific points which we are particularly proud of this quarter include: our gross margins up 30 basis points sequentially. Notwithstanding all of our previous substantial improvements in our SG&A over the last 4 years, our Homebuilding SG&A was down 510 basis points sequentially, a major improvement. Our strong backlog of 5,600 homes at June 30 which positions us for fiscal 2011 profitability.    Thank you to all of our D.R. Horton teammates for continuing to work hard and navigate through a difficult homebuilding environment. We are very proud of your efforts, which have led to our solid profitability for the quarter.  Our goal is to too continue to aggregate our national market share market by market. As we do so, we must remember one thing as we pursue this market aggregation: Nothing happens at D.R. Horton until we sell and close a home.  This concludes our prepared remarks. We'll host any questions you may have.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, as I said last quarter when someone asked me this question and we used to get into rankings of our various markets, especially during the peak, and one of our competitors does, I think, a much better job of grading his communities than we are capable of. But to be frank, most of all of our markets are soft, softer, softest, as I said last quarter. And the reality of life is if Texas continues to be a strong market for us, although it's not as good a market as it was a year ago with the tax credit because we have quite a few spec homes out there for buyers who bought homes in the Texas market during the tax credit. But in general, Texas is one of our stronger markets, and the Pacific Northwest is a good market for us. The rest of the markets -- to rank the markets will be like herding cats. It's just a very difficult thing to do. Nothing is really strong out there. And I would reiterate that most of our markets will continue to still be soft, softer and softest as we continue to aggregate market share in each one of those in order to make them stronger markets.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, We're anticipating to be able to grow the company in 2012. I will say to you that based upon what I see macroeconomically and certainly with what's going on in Washington, DC, today and most frankly the lack of jobs being created in this country, the high unemployment rate, I would anticipate that '12 will be better than '11, but I don't expect it to be significantly better in '12 than '11. Our goal is to grow the company, continue to be how do we aggregate market share in each one of our respective markets.
Donald Tomnitz: I think there's been really very little change. I will say one thing, when you look at our average FICO scores this quarter, I was surprised to see that they had moved downward to 700 versus what they had been in the past of 703, 704, 705. I don't know whether that's an anomaly or somewhat of a relaxation in some of the underwriting guidelines. I really don't think that's the case. But nevertheless I think that right now most of our buyers are able to find mortgages out there. And it's not as if we are not able to sell homes because of lack of mortgage availability.
Donald Tomnitz: I also believe that as we began -- as we told you last quarter to focus a little bit more on the move up part of the market. And I think that we have a little bit better pricing and a little bit better margin in those units, and we continue to explore and develop that portion of our business.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, we continue to aggressively pursue every deal that makes sense in every one of our markets. We're not big on land ownership or finished lot ownership. We still are trying to be an asset light Homebuilding company. And most of our deals that we're entering into, the vast majority of them are rolling option deals. We continue to be, I think, the preferred buyer in most of these markets simply because of the fact that in many of our markets, we are the largest builder. And if not, we're working our way towards being the largest builder. And we also, as I've said before, we have a different business model than the rest of our competitors, and that is that we do maintain specs for the move-up and relocation buyers. So as a result, we are continuing to pursue every deal that makes sense out there in the marketplace. If that ends up with us increasing our community count next year, so be it. But at the same time, we're also calling our existing communities. And if they're not performing for us, we're trying to re-trade the deal. And if they won't be re-traded to a lower lot price, then we are dropping those communities. So it's a constant battle of adding new communities and calling forward performing communities. So as a result, I would hope our community count would go up, but we don't know until we work our way through all those deals.
Donald Tomnitz: And in terms of our approach to our cash balances, we do still plan to maintain a significant cash balance worth $1.1 billion of cash and securities this quarter. Next quarter, as we close more homes and we move into this traditionally the seasonally slower period, we would expect to generate some cash next quarter. And so we would expect our cash balance to be higher than it is here at June 30. As we look at debt repurchase, as Stacey said, we have made significant strides and reduced our debt significantly, and our leverage is around the lowest points that it's ever been in our company. So we feel like we're in a good position on debt. And frankly, the remaining debt outstanding that we have, there's a lot less float on that debt now as well, so there is less debt available for us to repurchase going forward. We'll still look at it. As there's good opportunities to utilize our cash for debt repurchases, we will. But we would expect that the level of debt repurchases to be significantly slower than we've seen in the last 2 years.
Donald Tomnitz: Our mortgage repurchase activity has been somewhat consistent. Our repurchase requests have been in line with our expectations, and we continually look at that every quarter based upon what we've seen coming in. And we project forward and we're projecting that this activity will continue as we have been projecting through 2012. We continually adjust the reserves. I believe the balance is right now...
Donald Tomnitz: $30 million all in, all our mortgage reserves, which is consistent with where it was at the beginning of the quarter.
Donald Tomnitz: We just hope the business gets back to a point where we would have to re-lever. That would be a good problem for us.
Donald Tomnitz: David, with all due respect, we've entered into a few ancillary businesses during my 29 years here with D. R Horton. I know one thing that D.R. and I are not confused about, and that is what our business is, and what our business is going to be. And we know we are a new home builder. And our goal is to build, sell, close homes and make money on houses. And the ancillary businesses we are going to leave to our competitors.
Donald Tomnitz: In addition, on average, our buyers are staying in backlog perhaps a little bit longer as they work through some of the mortgage qualification underwriting processes. That process has elongated by several days, few weeks. And that will generally push our conversion rate down a little bit as well, all things being equal.
Donald Tomnitz: I think that's a good question. And clearly, our focus is to move through this next up cycle on an asset-light basis i.e. that really don't want to own land for any period greater than 2 years. And to the extent that it takes us longer than 2 years to work our way through a land position, then we're going to be seeking other investors or whomever to lay off the land, too, or basically have an option on the second half of that land. But there's one thing that I know that we were not good at, and I'm not sure very many of our competitors have been or any are good and that is trying to adjust our land position as the market begin to decline. So as a result, our focus is to continue to be a land-light company and to focus on rolling options and protect our balance sheet from the impairments that we've had in the past. So clearly, there are a number of opportunities where we're going to have to step up some, and we're doing that in some of our markets today. Typically, we have an underwriting guideline as we put cash out for a deal of the day. We'd like to have that cash back in 12 months or less. And we've expanded that horizon to 15, 18, 19 months in some instances in some markets, but clearly still under our goal to keep it less than 2 years.
Donald Tomnitz: I would say to you that we have a very good staff here, and they are very conservative. And I would say to you, as I've said before, we probably will be very conservative in terms of taking that DTA back onto our balance sheet. We're focused on being profitable. And once we -- clearly once our staff realizes that they have confidence that we're going to be profitable in the go-ahead or the future, I'm sure they'll bring that back on. But I'll let Bill speak more specifically to that.
Donald Tomnitz: Yes, because as -- if land is not active and we're not in the active efforts of construction or development, then those costs are not capitalized inventory, and they are in our SG&A today.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, one of the things that we continue to do in our business is to continue to control and work our hard costs down in all of our divisions. One of the things that helps us do that clearly is by being the largest builder in the U.S. and being the largest builder in most all of our markets, and frankly having the most starts in most of those markets, because clearly what our subs are trying to do, they're trying to keep their crews working. And because we're starting more homes than the other builders, we're clearly are getting more competitive pricing. That's not to say that we're happy with that competitive pricing because we're constantly on a release by release by release in every one of our markets, trying to rebid and trying to create more efficiencies and asking our subcontractors and our vendors to create more efficiencies in their business. So clearly, that's one of our goals in terms of trying to increase our profitability and increase our margins. Our profitability also clearly is going to be enhanced by our continued decrease and improvement in our SG&A. And I would say again no one probably would've thought that we could've decreased our SG&A 510 basis points sequentially.  I know Don Horton believed that. I'm not sure I completely believed that. But clearly we've moved down the road to accomplish that. It's amazing to me, both the efficiencies on the construction site of our business in terms of labor and materials, as well as the efficiencies that we're purchasing lots from our developers and our banks, as well as our continued ability to find more efficiencies in a business that has been wrung out over the last 4 years. And as much as our business has been wrung out over the last 4 years, again, to achieve a 510 basis point increase in SG&A sequentially was a heck of an accomplishment for our people. So I say to you that we have the strongest balance sheet. We have the best position in the industry. We have the best people in the industry. And I think that we can continue to have improvements on both gross margins and SG&A and profitability on a year-over-year basis. The quarters are going to be different based upon the time of the year and the volume of business that's hitting our business at that particular time.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, California, we have -- we are down to 2 divisions in California. And at one point in time, I think that number was close to 8 divisions. And so we've done a lot of consolidations. As a matter of fact, we had 3 divisions in California. We now have 2 divisions in California as recently as the last 30 days. We think the California market struggles. Primarily they had a huge run-up during the years, and they've had a huge drop in the last 4 or 5 years in terms of selling prices. Frankly, also with the state of the Californian economy, there are just a lot of people moving out of California into other states of which new are benefiting. But I think until California gets its economy fixed up there, it's just not a place where businesses want to go and establish businesses. And I think the existing businesses in California are looking for more profitable areas, more cost-efficient areas to operate. So as a result, I expect California to continue to be weak. That doesn't mean that we're not going to be successful in California. And we are being successful in California. And both of our divisions there are profitable and will continue, I believe, to be profitable, but we struggle to control our costs and being able to control our operating expenses in those markets. And the demand is just not what it needs to be. So we continue to rightsize our operation in California. It's a very important state to us during the upturn, and it's still a good state for us today.
Donald Tomnitz: I think a number of people are focusing on the Southwest, in particular Texas. I think there are some moving into New Mexico and also in -- we were up in Portland and Seattle recently that there's been some in-migration in those markets. Certainly Portland's been an in-migration area for quite some time for Californians. But a lot of people are moving into the state of Texas simply because this is a no state income tax, right to work state and it's centrally located. So as a result I think that a number of those companies are contemplating moving to Texas.
Donald Tomnitz: Frankly, I don't really want to get into a discussion on any kind of relationship with BofA or Countrywide. I think generally speaking, we believe that we know the tale on our mortgage business. That was the mortgages that were underwritten and sold during the peak is getting shorter and shorter. And I think that's probably the biggest driver. In terms of our future exposure on our mortgage company is that there just are not a lot of loans out there with a little bit of hair on them that could be possible put-backs to us. So I think the tale is the best thing working for us today.
Donald Tomnitz: To answer your questions on both of those, yes. We did decrease our level of employment. And we have adjusted compensation in several of our divisions and other areas. But, yes, we have done both.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, to answer your question on all the distressed deals or most of the distressed deals are gone by reminding people that in the late 1980s, when we first expanded out to Phoenix, the Phoenix developers didn't know what a Texas rolling option contract was, and we introduced that to them. I don't believe the distressed lot deals are -- certainly they're decreasing, but there's still a number of them out there that are affording us the opportunity to take a look at our owned finished lots and our auctioned finished lots. We're still sitting on over 2.5-year inventory based upon our trailing 12 months sales of lots. So we feel like we're still in a good position. We also have a number of deals that continue to come through our corporate office from the region on new deals on a daily and a weekly basis. So I don't see the lack of distressed lot deals out there.
Donald Tomnitz: Clearly I think the banks that are being supported by all of us are still holding their land for future sale, a lot of it. And so as a result, I think, as the prices begin to move up, they will begin to sell some of those lots. But let's be factual about one thing. We're in the process of culling some of our communities, as I mentioned earlier in the call, because we don't have enough absorptions per community. So as a result, to the extent that the demand picks up, then those communities we would not be culling. So right now we're culling communities because the demand is not there on a net sale per month basis. So I still say to you, there are plenty of distressed deals out there. And the deals we're culling, we wish we weren't culling, but we don't have the demand that we thought we were going to have. So there are many opportunities out there yet to be taken advantage of, if the demand will recover slightly.
Donald Tomnitz: I'm not going -- try not to mis-answer your question or not answer your question. But again these land deals and these markets, I will say one more time, it's hard like herding cats. It's hard to differentiate between one that's significantly better than the other. We see good deals in Florida and we see good deals in Las Vegas. We see good deals in Texas and we see good deals in New Jersey. So It's just a function of how well a job we're doing out there on a land acquisition basis and a due diligence basis in each one of our markets. And to the extent that we continue to do a good job in that aspect of our business, we're going to find the deals out there to support our business. But again one of the most beautiful things that could happen to us is that the demand picks up, the finished lot inventory declines, and then all of a sudden we have to start developing lots. That would be a wonderful thing for our business because that would mean that there's meaningful profitable demand out there.
Donald Tomnitz: I can say that, clearly, as we said last quarter, we've dominated nationally the first-time home buyer market. And a couple of quarters ago, Don Horton was in one of our communities and noticed that some of our competitors were at a higher price point than we. And he asked the division president why aren't we competing with that particular builder. Clearly the division president had a good answer when he said, "Well, we will be." And so as a result, there are move-up markets and move-up products that we have expanded into across the country. And I think that's one of the things that's helped our sales and our profitability over the last quarter. It has still not become a significant portion of our business, but we're going to continue to pursue it because clearly there's no reason for someone like D. R. Horton to let any small, medium-sized private builder have a niche in the marketplace that we can do better in than they. And that's what we're focused on and we think we can continue to expand that portion of the business. And quite frankly, if you look back during the peak in the home building business, between 2000 and 2006, we had a lot of move-up business in our portfolio. So all we're doing is going back and doing what we already have executed on before very effectively, but the niche just didn't exist in our mind. And I'm not sure how big the niche is, but it's certainly worth exploiting and taking away from those small, medium-sized and undercapitalized builders.
Donald Tomnitz: Clearly, on '12 and '13, we're focused on increasing our profitability and growing the company in' 12 and '13. My own personal goal is to be here when we get back to 2006 when we closed 53,000 units. And I know Stacey is laughing and everyone else is laughing, but I'm staying here with Don Horton until we can get back to closing over 56,000 units. I know that's a big number, but I think as we continue to aggregate our market share, and I think we're somewhere close to 7% on a national basis of all the closings last year, a little less than 7%. Our goal would be to try to get to 10% of all the closings in the U.S. And as we continue to aggregate market share, this company is focused on one thing. We'll make it up everyday, and I say, shower, shave and put our makeup on, and that is how do we have consistent increasing profitability.
Donald Tomnitz: The latter. Certainly we're getting pushed just like we're pushing to make profit. We have vendors and suppliers who are pushing to get back to profitability or higher levels of profitability. SO our national sales manager and each one of our regional -- excuse me, our national purchasing manager, Brad Conlon, and each one of our regional purchasing managers as well as the division purchasing managers out there are working on a daily basis to keep those increases at a minimum level because our goal is to continue to improve our profitability.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, on the gross margin, let's be clear about one thing. When we underwrite a deal, we demand whether it be an entry level or whether it be a move-up house. We're still shooting for a 20% gross margin. We're still falling short of that, but that's our goal. So we don't change the underwriting guideline on the gross margin percentage. Obviously on the higher sales price on a move-up priced home, we're generating more gross dollars to the gross margin line by virtue of a higher average sales price like I said. And as I look at the country, clearly as you look at places that are friendly to business, and it's not because we're here, but it's a fact that it is a fact. And that is Texas has a great climate for businesses here. And Texas continues to have positive job growth despite everything that's going on in the U.S. Clearly, we're a strong force in each one of our Texas markets. We're an example in Dallas. We're 3x or 4x larger than the second largest builder in the Dallas market. Same in Austin, San Antonio and Houston, where we're the largest builder in those markets, not 3x the number 2 builder, but nevertheless, those are strong markets for us. And we're going to continue to grow those markets simply because of the fact that businesses are moving into Texas and that's going to provide opportunity for us. I currently look at the state of Florida. And irrespective of what's happened over the last 4 or 5 years and the last 2 harsh winters that happened in the northeast, I believe as people reach retirement age, they're either moving as they call them halfbacks where they've moved to Florida and move halfway back to the Carolinas. I look at the Carolinas as a good potential market for us in the future. And I look at Florida and the Atlanta area as well as the coastal part of Florida. So those are the places where I say are good potential markets for us on a go-forward basis, and where we're looking to do new land deals in every market that makes sense to us economically and profitability wise. But those are markets that are on the top of my head that I think are, as we look forward, those are going to be growth areas for us.
Donald Tomnitz: We've looked at that by market where we closed homes that would be subject to that. And that was a very small number of closings in the first 6 months of the fiscal year. So we're not expecting a significant impact on some of those loan limit changes.
Donald Tomnitz: Thank you. Once again, I'd like to express my appreciation to all of our D.R. Horton teammates for an exceptional quarter in this difficult economic environment both nationally and as well as in the housing industry. Our focus clearly is to increase our absorptions per community on a go-forward basis and to focus on, what I've referred to over the years, as BSCM: build, sell, close homes and make money. And when we get up everyday, that's our focus. Thank you very much and we look forward to a profitable fiscal year '11.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Adam. If we go back to last quarter. In the first quarter of the calendar year, we see some additional costs on payroll taxes as the year rolls over on employees that are over the FICO limit. We are also seeing advertising expenses for the spring selling season, which should increase. So clearly as we move sequentially, some of those advertising costs are not -- we don't spend as much on advertising as we get later in the year. And as we talked about last quarter, we're making a lot of adjustments market by market, subdivision by subdivision, in order to be profitable throughout our company, and so the decrease this quarter really reflects the progress we're making in those efforts.
Bill Wheat: Good question, David, and that's something we spend a lot of time looking at. What we do is we take a look at what our, first, what our working capital needs are on an annual basis. This is a seasonal business. Certain periods of the year, we flow cash. And certain periods of the year, we invest cash in our business. Right now, with the size of our business today, the difference between the peak and the valley in our working capital cash flows can be several hundred million dollars. So today if we were to end this year at, say, $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents, and at the end of the year we would expect that to be our high cash balance. We would invest several hundred million dollars in the business throughout the year. And that would still leave us in that safe $700 million or $800 million range at the low point of our cash in the spring selling season. Today without a Homebuilding revolving credit facility in place, we feel like we need to and we want to keep a significant cushion in our cash. We feel like that level is adequate for us and it also still provides us the opportunity, and the flexibility to invest further cash if we see more growth opportunities in the business. Obviously, going forward, if we see even more growth opportunities, we have a lot of flexibility on our balance sheet to add further leverage, add further debt, if we need to, when we need additional growth capital from there. But today we feel like we're in a very good flexible position with our low leverage, strong balance sheet and high cash balance. And that gives us the flexibility to really do whatever we need to in terms of investing the business or continuing to reduce our debt balances.
Bill Wheat: Ken, what we are most focused on is earning back the DTA in terms of profitability and earning that back in terms of not having to pay taxes because of the NOL that we're carrying forward and utilizing our NOLs. In terms of ultimately how that gets treated on the balance sheet, obviously we're now -- I'm glad that we're now back in a position where we can talk about it because we have a profitable quarter, and we're looking at having a year this year without any benefit from tax credit or anything else. We will certainly be looking at our level of profitability and our consistency of profitability and our forward visibility to profitability. And if we can build on what we started here this year and build on to it into next year, then those conversations will get more serious. It's very difficult to predict the exact timing of when it will be appropriate to bring it on, but we can build on this and it will happen.
Bill Wheat: Well, in terms of closings on new communities, I think we've talked about it the last couple of quarters. It's now certainly the majority of our business. The majority of our closings are coming from that. It's just really kind of ongoing operations now as far as our closing coming from newer communities.
Bill Wheat: No. On average, just rough numbers in the 1% range annually. When we sold land back at the end of '08, one of the criteria that we looked at was the -- what the carrying costs were on that land. And we certainly sold some of the land that had higher carrying costs. So today those carrying costs are not anywhere near 4% or 5% for us.
Bill Wheat: And in terms of the breakdown of our overall spending, the $210 million we invested this quarter, the majority of that continues to be in finished lot purchases with very little land that needs development, with the minority being in development cost. And the breakdown in the trend in those categories really hasn't changed significantly at all over the last several quarters.  And frankly, as the distressed lot deals do disappear on a go-forward basis, we worked through the good 8 lots. That would mean a good thing. We should be able to take some of the land that we have on our books today that we're holding for development and be able to develop that raw land and the lots and move that off of our balance sheet. So I think that's a positive because if there's a shortage of distressed lots, that means that we're going to have to start developing lots. And one of the issues today is a lot of the land that's out there is not worth much by the time you develop it. So theoretically, that would imply that there's going to be some appreciation in finished lots and/or raw land if there is a lack of distressed lots out there for sale and there's housing demand out there.
Mike Murray: And, Adam, as you could look at our previous filings, you could -- where we file our profitability by region, you could see that certainly the majority of our profits have been coming from our South Central region. This year to date, we would expect that that's still be the majority of our profits here in the short term. But the remainder of our markets continue to progress. Certainly some are around breakeven or slight profits, and we certainly still have some of the loss as well. But our focus is to improve and to be profitable, really, across the company. We're making progress on that, but we're not quite there yet.
Mike Murray: And most substantially and sequentially, we reduced a lot of our advertising activities. Coming in -- preparing for the spring selling season, we had more advertising activity, promotions going on. We made a conscious decision early in the season to pull back on that and to focus on our positioning in the marketplaces and our projects that are out there and let those folks sell for us as opposed to driving it through the advertisings as much. That made a big impact for us.
Mike Murray: The other thing on acquisitions is we certainly don't want to add to our SG&A by doing an acquisition we would. Most importantly, we don't want to take the land they have and put it on our books because even though we do due diligence on it, we have enough land on our books to work our way through. So unless they have some really great lot option positions with low earnest money, it would not be accretive to us. I don't believe to even pursue that sort of thing when we have the opportunity to find those land and option deals without taking on the overhead associated with the transaction or the risk.
Mike Murray: It's probably a little bit of everything. Part of it is some of the communities that we took impairments on this quarter were probably on the watch list in the prior quarter. So once they've been impaired and written to their fair value, they're no longer on the watch list. Secondly, we've had some communities where we've seen some profit performance improvement. That could be from our execution or from the market itself getting better, but they may have come off the watch list. And others would have been just completed out some of those communities as well. So it's a few factors all in. The biggest single piece would have been some of those communities that we impaired that came off.
Stacey Dwyer: And we're well positioned for that, Josh. We have adequate finished lots that we own. And we also control many more finished lots in our options contracts. So we got a lot of flexibility in our business to meet an increase in demand if we see that in the market.
Stacey Dwyer: I think you're right. We saw a sequential improvement in our gross margin. A lot of that was product mix and our continued focus on cost control rather than any real price appreciation or a change in incentives that we're seeing in the market. So consistent and also a little more predictable than what we've seen in the past.
Stacey Dwyer: And we would also like to see our absorption per community going up. So we actually think there's probably some room for growth without an absolute increase in our community count.
Stacey Dwyer: I'll start with the stock repurchases and then defer to Mike or Bill on the ending capital. The stock repurchase this quarter was really opportunistic for us. There was a time period of a couple of weeks where our stock prices dropped quite a bit from where we had been trading. We've really been focused on reducing our debt over the last 2 years. And if you look at our total debt balance, we're about down about 50% from where we were in June of 2009. So we've done a lot to restructure, where we're now down to just over 40% gross leverage, just under 20% net leverage. We still have an adequate cash balance, and so we opportunistically -- we took some dollars and hedged a little bit of the potential dilution from our convertible bond that's outstanding. So the shares we bought this quarter represent a little less than 10% of the potential dilution, and the shares under the convert would be issued at a price of $13.06 compared with $10.88 that we paid this quarter.
Stacey Dwyer: And one another thing on our repurchases. This is a use of cash that we have on the balance sheet. It doesn't mean that we're choosing to do this and foregoing another opportunity. We have enough cash to pursue opportunities in our business. We invested more than $200 million into land and finished lots this quarter.
Stacey Dwyer: The tax credit certainly had an impact on our conversion rate because, especially looking at the year ago quarter last year in June, people had to close by certain dates. So we've seen some very high conversion rates in our June quarter last year. Throughout the downturn, our conversion rate has been higher than our historical levels. If you go back pre-downturn, we would typically average somewhere around a 60% backlog conversion. It would typically be higher in our fourth quarter as we deliver more homes right at the end of our fiscal year. Throughout the downturn, we had more spikes available. There was less of a planning period for people buying houses because more of the buyers were first time home buyers. Existing homes weren't selling, and so our backload churned more quickly. We're now seeing that slow down a little bit. We're seeing a few more build-to-orders come in -- presales. And our spec balance is down from where we were last year. We're just over 50% now instead of mid-50s. And so those are a few of the factors that are leading us to believe that our backlog conversion rate is going to stay on average below 90%. There'll probably still be some quarters where we're above 90%, but we think that we're probably going to return more to our long-term run rate on the backlog conversion.
Stacey Dwyer: Yes, and for us, the newer communities are 2009 and later, which may be beyond your horizon of 4 to 6 months -- or, excuse me, 4 to 6 quarters. In terms of the carrying costs on land, I don't know that any of us can give you an exact number. If the land is inactive, all the carrying costs are flowed through as SG&A, just carrying costs from that inventory.
Stacey Dwyer: And then land held for development on our balance sheet is probably about a third of our owned lots right now, maybe a little bit less.
Stacey Dwyer: What we would typically see in our September quarter is a seasonal slowing compared to where we've been in the June quarter. We don't have a lot of visibility into exactly what sales trends are going to be right now. So I think all of us would be hesitant to give you any strong guidance in terms of saying that last year was an easy sales comp.
Stacey Dwyer: When you look back 2 years ago, there was a tax credit in effect. And the expiration date on that for closing was November 30. And so we had very, very strong sales in that September quarter. This past year, we didn't have that. So it's hard to go back and say that it's an easy comp because it was down compared to 2 years ago.
Stacey Dwyer: There's really no specific criteria, Alex. It's going to be opportunistic. And it's not just the stock price, it's also going to be the amount of cash we have versus the other opportunities that we see.
Stacey Dwyer: We still see good opportunities in our core markets. We have been very active in acquisitions in our formative years really from 1992 until 2002. And our last large acquisition was in 2002. There will be opportunities I think on the acquisition side. But right now, we do continue to find just the single-lot deals. And so then rather than taking all of someone's operations, which is going to include some land that you don't want, we're continuing just to select the individual deals right now. But we don't want to take anything off the table going forward.
Stacey Dwyer: The measurement on the DTA is generally over a three-year rolling period. So there’s going to be a different answer at each quarter end in terms of what would you buy back. We'd essentially have to have a 50% change in our ownership. So if you're under just the 50% without looking at underlying other changes in our ownership, there's a lot of room. I wouldn't set your expectations that high, though.
