Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that can lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q next week. After the conclusion of the call, we will post updated supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News & Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes current and historical supporting data on our homebuilding return on inventory, gross margins, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: We expect to continue to expand that footprint, as David mentioned earlier. Today, we're in 51 markets and 17 states. It was 28% of our sales, it was also 28% of our closings and 20% of our revenues. If you recall when we first introduced this and got the question about when this is rolled out, what does that look like. We've generally talked about, over time, about 60% of our revenues coming from our core D.R. Horton brands, 20% from Emerald, 20% from Express, which would infer probably closer to 30% in units on the Express side. I think at this point, we would tell you that it looks like we will overshoot that during this cycle, because that's where the demand is right now, and we want to cater to that demand and what we believe it's still being underserved. So, we don't have any set targets on where it could go. We'll continue to adjust our business based on what we see in the market to go capture as much market share as we can.
Jessica Hansen: On the pricing front, right now, we're anticipating it to stay essentially flat. But, yes, it could trend down with Express continuing to become a bigger mix. What we are seeing, though, is the markets we're rolling Express out in today are the higher priced markets, so it's not as much of an incremental drag on our ASP as the initial rollout was.
Jessica Hansen: Bob, we think in 2017 it will be a combination of driving further improvement in our absorption coupled with, at some point as we move throughout 2017, an increase in our community count. Our community count on a year-over-year basis was down, which was not a surprise to us, and we would expect over the next couple of quarters, it to move up or down no more than a low to mid single-digit range. But at some point, as we move throughout the year, we would expect an increase in that community count to help drive that 10% to 15% consolidated top line growth.
Jessica Hansen: You're correct, Nishu, that we do expect the majority of our operating margin improvement next year to come from SG&A leverage again like it did this year. And so, we've guided specifically to 11.2% to 11.5% and we would expect our gross margins to be right around 20%, and to drive that better bottom line by further stretching our overhead structure -leveraging our overhead structure. SG&A – or in terms of the financial services business, they did see a step down in our margin this year, which we've been expecting. They've had outsized gross margins for the last year or two. They're still operating at a very good level. We guided to Q4 for that to be around 35%. They follow the homebuilder business seasonally, so in fiscal 2017, we would expect them to have lower operating margins in the first six months of the year and then to pick up in the back half of the year like we saw in 2016. We'd expect a similar trend in 2017.
Jessica Hansen: Our public East region, Mike, just for clarification, includes our Northeast markets, which are the ones Mike was referring to, our Capital division and our New Jersey division. But the East publicly reported region also does include the Carolinas, which those are firing on all cylinders and very strong markets for us today.
Jessica Hansen: Jack, there's a lot of fluctuation in our backlog conversion rate, and there's a lot of things that impact that each quarter. But if you look at the last four years to five years on average, our Q3 to Q4 change in our backlog conversion has typically been about flat. So, we are saying that it's going to go up a little bit to that 81% to 84% compared to what we did this quarter. I would not tell you there is a bunch of conservatism baked into that. As you saw this quarter, we delivered at the midpoint of our range and in some of the headlines out there it's being called a miss, even though we are right in the dead center of the guidance we've provided. So, no conservatism on next quarter. We feel good about delivering 81% to 84%. And it's a little bit better and we're focused every day on delivering the best we can. And we would like to continue to see a backlog conversion right in the 80% range, but there'll be some quarters that are in the 70%s.
Jessica Hansen: I'd say it's pretty stable. The difference for us is with Express becoming a bigger piece of our mix, their percentage usage for those buyers of FHA loans is higher than our company average. It's closer to the mid-40%s. So, that's really the function there.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. That will be in our supplementary data that we'll post at the end of the call. What we did say during our scripted comments were our homes priced greater than $500,000, were 7% of our homes closed and 16% of our home sales revenue. If you will get homes just marketed as Emerald, it's stayed constant at about 4% of our homes closed. But if you look at that in terms of units on a trailing12-month basis year-over-year, Emerald has actually grown by over 50% for us.
Jessica Hansen: We're assuming kind of more of the same in 2017 as what we saw in 2016. So when we say our expectations are based on today's housing market conditions, really just more of the same.
David V. Auld: In closing, our third quarter growth in sales, closings and profits and the improvement in our pre-tax profit margin are the result of the strength of our people and our operating platform. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and continue to expand our industry-leading market share. D.R. Horton has been the largest builder in the United States for 14 consecutive years. And according to Builder Magazine's recent Local Leaders issue, in 2015, we were the number one builder in 13 of the top 50 U.S. housing markets and a top five builder in 30 of the largest markets. Since 2009, our market share has increased from 5% to 8%. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and profit at a double-digit annual pace while continuing to generate positive cash flows and improved returns. We are well positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offering across our D.R. Horton, Emerald and Express brands, attractive finished lot and land position and, most importantly, our tremendous team across the country. We'd like to thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work, and we are excited and looking forward to our opportunities ahead. This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David V. Auld: Stephen, I think, right now, we're looking at every opportunity that's out there. As we've talked before, our goal is to be consistent and kind of take advantage of situations as they appear in our market. Community count growth, I would think we're probably going to take community count up single digit, mid-single digit maybe. Certainly, paying down debt to me is always a good thing, deleveraging the balance sheet and creating opportunities as they arise is something that we believe in. And as far as our guidance for next year, I think it's just – we see a consistent solid market out there. And we're well positioned to take advantage of it and just going to continue to try to improve our execution and get better at building, selling, closing houses every day.
David V. Auld: Well from the – the absorption rate, yes, the Express definitely drives higher absorption rates than even the core Horton brand and has – we continue to expand that brand. We're in 51 markets I think right now. We're going to continue to push that brand into other markets. And I think we will see added absorption developed on a division standpoint, improved the absorption division-by-division which drives the overall. But I do think that we will see growth in communities next year.
David V. Auld: Well, we've got a huge advantage in it. We've got a great big footprint, and our absorption per community is something that developers that are putting lots on the ground look to. So, good market, then we're going to build houses. And I think our outreach to the development community, we are a much friendlier buyer. I think it's becoming – our goal is to really partner with these guys and to put their capital at play and avoid some of the longer-term negatives of owning as a builder, as a public company. So, it's just focus, to be honest with you; focus and execution. Our guys out there have been asked to do it, and they're getting it done.
David V. Auld: As far as across the country, we've got option. We've been able to create option lot situations in California. And I could tell you in the last market, there was never a chance of doing that. So it really is just focus. And as far as margin, yes, the margins may be a little bit lower but the returns are significantly higher. And that's, to me, we value capital. We want maximize the return we get on capital. And so, creating a nominal amount of margin for a significantly higher return is a good way of helping our shareholders, maximizing the value of the shares.
David V. Auld: We're allocating capital based upon the highest returning projects. And right now, we have been pleasantly surprised with the demand for Express and have actually seen higher margins than we originally underwrote, and higher absorption levels than we originally underwrote. So, it is a great way to improve returns for the shareholders.
David V. Auld: Right now, Ken, California is probably going to be, we think, a very successful Express market for us. We are early in the process rolling out there. It's – typical Express, only California's going to be over our average sales price right now.
David V. Auld: Ken, we feel very good about next year. I mean what we're seeing in the markets, there's not a lot of lots being put on the ground that we're going to have to compete against. There is still pent-up demand at entry level and first move-up price points. It just feels good right now.
David V. Auld: And, Bob, we don't have a crystal ball, but Don Horton does tell us what it's going to be and we go do it.
David V. Auld: Bob, the growth we're looking at there is at a new price point that hasn't existed out there. And we feel very optimistic based upon the land that we've been able to put in front of that program. So do we feel more optimistic about California than the balance of the country? Absolutely not. I think Texas continues to be strong and our Southeast area just continues to outperform.
David V. Auld: It just runs at a much higher absorption. And developers typically when they see that, they feel more comfortable putting less on the ground force.
David V. Auld: From an operational efficiency and getting better, that's something we look at and strive to improve because that helps with the SG&A leverage, it helps with the inventory turn. Conversion rate is a great metric to determine whether you're actually getting better or not. So, we're not going to guide. Optimistically, it's a consistent market, we've got a consistent solid performance and expect to continue that.
David V. Auld: The absorption per community is a great deal to expand our option lot program, but it is also a great deal to secure and keep the labor force because they come in, they start, and we build through the communities instead of start, stop, start, stop, and they're always out chasing new job sites so there's a lot of benefits to what we're doing. That's one of them.
David V. Auld: Mike, we have competition in every factor of everything we do. I believe, ultimately, it comes down to execution. And right now, our people are out there executing. We are the group that – or the builder that I think makes the most sense to align with. And so we're finding the land deals we need to support the growth that we're seeking. So, do I think it's going to become more competitive? Maybe, but it's pretty competitive out there right now. We just got great people doing a great job.
David V. Auld: I don't know where we are in the cycle. I can tell you it feels very good right now. And you look at the number of people and the country, you look at the housing formation, you look at job growth, all of those things are positive. So, we feel very good. And as far as – you had asked about the Emerald brand, I can tell you that...
David V. Auld: Okay. Well, as far as confidence for us, when we see that brand starting to accelerate along with how we're executing on the entry level, I mean, that to me is a pretty positive sign of what 2017 could be.
David V. Auld: And I forgot – I wanted to answer my question. So, I forgot yours. So go ahead and just go ahead and ask your question again.
David V. Auld: We're in 51 markets. We've got another 20-plus markets we can push into. We feel very good about the Express program. And in the markets that we have been open and operating, are we going to continue to see the kind of growth we've had? No, probably not, because there's – but the demand is – still even after three years, the demand is incredibly strong. So, it just feels good right now.
David V. Auld: Thanks, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in November to share our year-end results. And to the D.R. Horton team, great quarter, great year-to-date performance. Let's go finish this year and get started on 2017. Thank you.
Michael J. Murray: And, Stephen, this is Mike. On your M&A question, we continue to see various private builders across the country testing the waters. We've been very fortunate with the acquisitions we've made. We've been very selective, brought on a lot of good people, lot of good teams. And we'll continue to be selective. We've set a high bar internally and we're looking for the best opportunities that either expand our geographic coverage or bring us new customers, new customer segments.
Michael J. Murray: We are always very focused on gross margin, Ken. But what we've seen is that we have taken some lot costs as a percentage of revenue, taken some of those increases and they would offset them with reduced incentives and controlling some cost increases on a stick and brick side. When we get our community to the targeted absorption levels, at those points, we're able to bring incentives down or take pricing up and protect the margin. And overall on the balance, the team has done a great job of enhancing the margin on a consolidated basis this quarter. And we feel good about with the range of the guidance we're giving on the margin that that's a defensible position for us going forward, as we continue to drive absorptions community-by-community. Part of that's been Express and simplifying some of our operations behind the scene and that and delivering a house with fewer labor hours in it to get it built, and part of it's been some of the great land positioning we've been doing over the past few years.
Michael J. Murray: Nishu, there's several pieces of it. And I think you touched on a lot of them, some of the Express communities rotating in. Also just within the core D.R. Horton communities, some of the communities that we're closing out may have been smaller communities and what's been opening are communities with larger lot positions in front of them that are going to be running at higher absorption paces that are coming on line, have been coming on line over the past few quarters and will be coming on line into the future. So, that's where we're seeing our double-digit growth within the existing community count. And we do expect, as David mentioned, that we'd probably be growing average selling community count slightly into 2017. But the nature of the communities, each one producing a few more sales than the ones that they're replacing.
Michael J. Murray: Michael, this is Mike. That is not the same project that we impaired. We sold that project that we impaired in the second quarter. That's no longer with us. This project is a different project. It had been an older project in land held for development. We evaluated it, determined the best course of action for us was to pull the capital out of it and move forward, redeploy that capital. And we do see opportunity for growth and improving our position in our East market. But that's not going to happen overnight. We're working hard on it every day. We've had some changes in the teams up there and very excited about the direction they're taking us and the opportunities they're putting in front of us. But as with everything, nothing ever happens fast enough or quick enough for us, but we're working very hard to get more lots on the ground in front of us and get those communities open and drive more growth out of those.
Michael J. Murray: Certainly, part of our strategy is to get better every day at what we do. The margins that we see across the three brands are actually pretty closely clustered together around the company average. And we do expect to get better in every community every day at what we do, and we have seen that. We have seen our margins moving up. And we're held to a pretty high standard to expect to continue to see those margins, making progress on them every day.
Michael J. Murray: Yes. We are certainly focused on all the buyers that are responding to Express. And we're seeing great acceptance of Express in Florida, as Jessica mentioned before, with some of the retiree buyers and we're going to look to meet those buyers' needs and understand exactly what it is they want, and put a house on the ground for them at a great value. People that are retiring on a fixed income are looking for value in a high quality, well-built home. That's exactly in the wheelhouse of what we do. And so I think you can expect to see that we're going to try to take advantage of every opportunity in front of us including that buyer demographic.
Michael J. Murray: We're looking at our starts pace to just kind of continue as we go seasonally to build some inventory for the spring and to be prepared for the spring selling season next year. Hopefully, it's good or better as the one we just came out of. And we're seeing – certainly, labor is always a challenging component. Our market positioning, the scale we have in so many of our markets gives us a great advantage on the labor availability front. And we watch very closely our build times and our cycle times, and we're not seeing an elongation of that. So we feel like our team is doing a great job of managing their trade base.
Michael J. Murray: We always probably have a bit of a valuation gap at the initial conversations. It takes time and that's why our bar's pretty high and we're very selective in what we're doing, and we're going to look to make the right acquisitions where it makes sense for us and the numbers work. We're not going to push. Fortunately, we're in a position. Teams have done a great job in lots and product positioning that we don't feel the need we have to push and drive on making a deal work that otherwise might not. But we haven't seen any specific rise in the past couple weeks. I mean that private builder market's not quite as liquid as the public side.
Michael J. Murray: Well, I think it's to create optionality around a lot of things, investing in the business, reducing debt. Having a lot of flexibility in the business is good, with specific regards to M&A. We continue to look at a lot of potential transactions, and we pursue those that make the most sense for us, whether they're larger or smaller, it's – we're kind of neutral to the size of the transaction. If it make sense at a small transaction, good team, good people, good positioning, we'll be interested. If it's a larger transaction that fits well with us and there's alignment in what makes sense with the other side, we would look at that as well. We're not shutting either off at any point in time.
Bill W. Wheat: Eric, this is Bill. Certainly, from a competitive standpoint, we've been very pleased with what we've seen with Express. We're offering a great value, an affordable value for buyers out there, and there's still very limited inventory and very limited supply of affordable product out there in the market. So we're still seeing what we've been seeing as we've rolled it from market to market. We've been introducing Express into some of our western markets over the last couple of quarters and we're seeing very positive responses there as well. We've commented in prior quarters about in markets like Florida where there are perhaps more retirees, we have seen more of – a larger mix of older buyers buying the Express Homes because they see the same value there. And so that's been a nice observation as well that I think will serve us well going forward. That's just another element of demand for that product line.
Bill W. Wheat: And Ken, when we look at fiscal 2017 and our visibility and our confidence level, it's simply a reflection, number one, that we do see a good market. Right now, it's a good stable healthy market, some variability market to market certainly, but it's a relatively stable market. But what we see the most is our positioning. Across our divisions, our division operators are doing a tremendous job of positioning communities, positioning lots in front of those communities and really executing well on our product offerings today. And so as we begin to look forward the next several quarters, the next 18 months or so, we really do have good visibility and confidence level to be able to deliver consistently at a double-digit pace on the revenue line, continue to drive some additional SG&A leverage to improve our operating margin, and improve our returns. And so we felt like it was appropriate to start to give some preliminary guidance to next year as we did last year at this time for fiscal 2016. And certainly, we've been pleased that we've essentially delivered on that preliminary guidance thus far this year.
Bill W. Wheat: And we're introducing Express in Phoenix and certainly expect it to do very well there and expect to see some growth out of Phoenix as well. But really, the key is the affordable product that we're offering.
Bill W. Wheat: Thanks, Mike. This is Bill. Nothing unusual on the margin this quarter other than just continued focus on execution and controlling our costs. We've been absorbing labor cost increases, some materials cost increases over time, and we've been working to offset those and we're making some progress there. We're getting some traction on that, while we're still absorbing increasing land costs that are coming in. So we've done, I think, an improving job on controlling those costs and continuing to push price and then reduce incentives wherever we can. So, we did see a nice little pickup this quarter, nothing unusual in that number, and it's really just in that normal range of around 20%, we would expect to see. A move of 30 basis points or 40 basis points is not really unusual in and around 20%. But certainly pleased to post a quarter at a little bit above 20% and hopefully, we can – we're always focused on doing everything we can to maintain and improve on that while driving better returns.
Bill W. Wheat: And in a market, Mike, that does continue to improve and grow, there will be cost increases that come along the way, and these additional efficiencies that we are able to glean out of the business do help offset those other cost increases.
Bill W. Wheat: I wouldn't say there's anything unusual, John. They did certainly see very strong absorptions last year. That's moderated a little bit this year, but we're still seeing very strong growth and expect very strong growth going forward in the Southeast. They're delivering right in line with our expectations.
Bill W. Wheat: The main driver, Mike, is absorption, so community-by-community, that's really where our expense structure resides. And as we continue to work to improve our absorptions, then we're able to drive better leverage on our SG&A structure both in the community and then all throughout our organization. And each year, we look at what our expectations are to improve on the top line and then we assess how much we can leverage SG&A. But as we expect to grow top line double digit, we should expect to leverage SG&A further as well. And so, yes, that does imply we will get down below 9%, and there's not a magic floor there. Each year, if we expect to grow, we would expect to continue to push more SG&A leverage. Certainly, some of the other things that have been talked about among other builders, we're doing a lot of those things as well. We're certainly taking advantage of technology wherever we can. We're looking to drive ways to be more efficient in all areas of our business. But there's not one magic bullet. We're looking to do – get more efficient on every line of our financials. And certainly, those things are part of it as well.
Bill W. Wheat: Will, I think we're working to stay on a very balanced, flexible position. We're putting ourselves in position to continue to grow while we continue to see the good, stable healthy market conditions we see today. But as we're utilizing our cash to further strengthen our balance sheet, that's giving us even more flexibility to be opportunistic when we see opportunities to invest and whatever form that may be. And then, certainly, if things were not to continue as strong, we're in a very strong position there as well, whether – and so really great position to take advantage of M&A opportunities, to invest further on our business. Really, we're in a very good flexible position at the moment.
Bill W. Wheat: On the sales demand side, no, not necessarily. Certainly, on the construction side, when you have a dry weather, there's no disruptions there. So, from that standpoint, that's always positive. But the summer is always hot.
