Donald J. Tomnitz: Our financial performance this year demonstrates the progress our company has made toward achieving consistent profitability, balance sheet strength and market share gains. Even though market conditions remain challenging, our goal in fiscal 2012 is to be profitable every quarter and for the full fiscal year. Our September backlog is 18% higher than it was a year ago, which positions us for a strong start to fiscal 2012. Our sales in October and November to date have been in line with our expectations, and we look forward to another year of normal seasonality in fiscal 2012. We will continue to provide new homes for both first-time and move-up buyers; control our construction costs, SG&A and inventory levels; and maintain our strong balance sheet and liquidity. Again, we want to thank all of our DHI team members for their hard work this past year. We are very proud of the results you continue to produce. This concludes our prepared remarks. We'll host any questions you may have.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think really if you look at our gross margins, obviously in 2010, there was an investor tax credit or a tax credit -- federal tax credit which amounted to about $8,000, Steve. And if you look at what we did in the first part of fiscal year 2011, we are trying to maintain a similar volume in '11 that we experienced in '10, and one of the ways that we are doing that was through incentives and discounts. And in essence, we're trying to be the Federal Government, so to speak, to our buyers and we're trying to equate that $8,000 to a certain extent to attract people in our doors, because there's really no reason, post the tax credit, for very many people to be coming into our models, and we're seeing reduced traffic load. So I would say to you on a go-forward basis we're back to the government is not involved with the tax credits any longer. We anticipate improving gross margins in fiscal year '12 over fiscal year '11.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I'd say all of the above. We're -- and I don't mean to be a wise guy, which I have tendency to be from time to time. But we're focusing on all aspects of the business and clearly, we focused on our SG&A at this company as one of our strong suits. But in terms of our gross margins, one of the other things that we're doing is -- if you noticed, our community count was only up about 2%. We're in the process of culling underperforming subdivisions, especially in our operationally East region. And so as a result, we would anticipate that our gross margins will be going up simply because of the fact that we're culling underperforming subdivisions, as well as we continue to drive down our cost and work with our vendors as well as our subcontractors. I know that they're trying to push cost increases. We, at the same time, are pushing back simply because of the fact that the business is not where it needs to be.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we can't share our sales budgets with you. We do expect to sell more units and close more units in fiscal year '12 than what we did in '11, so we're selling at a pace in the first 2 months that will help us achieve those higher sales and closing targets for fiscal year '12.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I would just also add is that Ken Gear -- we are participating with the Leading Builders of America this year and their indication is that what they see in Washington right now most likely is going to affect second time -- or second homes more than anything, and we don't have a lot of second-time buyers -- or second home buyers.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I don't want to seem too unsophisticated here because that seems to be a sophisticated question, but I would say to you that we drive -- we ask our division presidents to hit their sales and closing targets, and they control their level of incentives at the local level, all the while trying to hit their bonus points and their bonus plan, which is to achieve, for the large part, 20% gross margins and 10% SG&A. And clearly, we're not hitting those targets yet but that's what they're getting paid to hit. So they're trying to balance their incentives and their discounts in the marketplace, hit their sales goals and closings goals and also get their bonus points on balance.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I don't think we're looking for flat. It could be flat. Our division presidents and our land acquisition people out there trying to tie up and get under contract every deal that makes sense. We process a lot of deals through here every day, but the key is the ones we're culling, before we cull them, we're going back to the seller and asking for a lower price that makes our gross margins work. And if we're not getting those, then we're going to cull them. So as a result, I don't think we'll be down, but I don't think we'll be up dramatically.
Donald J. Tomnitz: The key to making money in this business is to get as high of absorptions per community as we possibly can.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Ironically, that question was asked during our director's meeting over the last couple days, and we do have land that we have that is mothballed, so to speak, that we believe are well-positioned pieces of property. But clearly, to make those deals work and to bring them out of mothball, we have to have some appreciation in housing prices and also some appreciation in lot prices that are available on the market today. So as a result, I'd say over the next 3 to 5 years, we'll begin to work that down. But I clearly expect at the end of 5 years that we could still have half as much of that land still mothballed, because land prices still have to escalate some for us to bring those projects into production.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Probably all those college graduates who have moved home with their parents and their parents are trying to get them out of the house again. Well, frankly, if you will recall that we mentioned that we're focusing more on the move-up buyer and the move-up buyer is becoming an increasing part of our business as you can see, we now have -- 53% of our buyers are first-time buyers, and that's down from 58% in 2010. So we clearly have bought -- we clearly have built in both those segments -- during the 2000 to 2007 time frame, we were probably focused more 40% on the first-time buyer and the rest on the move-up buyer. So our plan that we implemented several quarters ago to focus more on that second-time buyer is being seen both in the percentages I just shared with you, as well as our ASP moving up as it has.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And as we shared with our board yesterday, clearly the buyers are coming in and they're still looking for value. They're buying slightly larger properties [ph], but they're still looking for good value.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I'd say a number of those are more in the Carolinas, and we entered into some deals in the Carolinas early on that we thought were well-priced lots, and as the demand in those markets has declined some, those lot prices weren't attractive, were not as attractive as we thought. But most of those are primarily in the Carolina areas, some in the Georgia area, but that's the primary location.
Donald J. Tomnitz: One of the things we continue to focus on as we approve deals on a day-to-day basis on an individual deal-by-deal basis is, how quickly can get a return on our cash? And as Mike indicated, the development deals obviously, it's hard to get your cash back in 1 year from the date that you pull those out of mothball and start a development on them. Typically, that's a 2-year return on cash.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I'd say, to give you a little bit of clarity on it, Florida, to us, is doing very well relative to what everyone else is doing and people's expectations down there. If you take a look at what we're doing in the Pensacola, Mobile, Alabama area, which is our northern Florida market, as well as in Southeast, Southwest Florida, the Miami, Fort Myers, Naples and Tampa market, we're doing well in those markets. Orlando is getting stronger for us, and Jacksonville should get stronger for us. The market that I'm most excited about in terms of improvement across the U.S. right now is certainly in Florida. We have a lot of anticipation for fiscal year '12 in the Carolinas, especially in the Myrtle Beach, Hilton Head, Charleston area. Atlanta continues to do well for us. The state of Texas is still a major producer for us, producing a lot of our pretax income. Texas has been weaker for us this year than it was last year, largely a function as the fact that in 2010, when we had a tax credit, we really loaded up on specs because we thought we could sell a lot of specs in Texas due to the tax credit. And we sold and closed a lot of specs in 2010 in Texas. So they have had year-over-year difficult comps in Texas. Even though they're down, they're still doing very, very well from a profitability perspective. I look at Las Vegas, and what's cost down [ph] was done for us in Las Vegas, and even though we're earning back mostly, largely our impairment dollars out there, I don't think anyone in Las Vegas is doing the kind of job that we're doing in Las Vegas today. California is still weak for us, but it's getting better. But it's just -- it's a slow market with a tough budget and a tough deficit with the state. And I think California will continue to be a weak market for us in the years ahead just because of what exists out there. And I'd be really remiss if I didn't mention Matt Farris in the Pacific Northwest in Seattle, our top PTI performer in the company this year and doing a great job for us in Seattle. So that's pretty much our markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I guess the last color on markets, I don't want to leave him out because Terry Stanley in central Texas is doing a great job for us and producing very good returns for us in central Texas.
Donald J. Tomnitz: David, by the way, before you get off, I want to say, we've known one another for a long number of years and we've talked to you a lot about D.R. Horton. And I've been disappointed over the years and the fact that I can't get through to you, but somebody must have gotten through to you because I appreciate you being one of our -- that you have us as one of our top picks. So I don't know whether that's you, Stacey or Justin [ph] or Bill, but it certainly wasn't me.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And another thing that drives our cancellation rate is our special sales that we'll have in divisions across the country, and they generate a lot of sales and then they have a higher cancellation rate on those sales when they have a sales event. So sometimes that also impacts our cancellation rate.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we focus on specs very clearly around here all the time. We do have 2 or 3 things that are running on specs than what I would like, and I notified those 3 divisions that they needed to get their spec percentage down between now and the end of the year. And the main goal for that is in all of our divisions to have fewer specs in our first quarter than in the second quarter because clearly, at the end of the first quarter, we're going to be starting quite a few spec units in order to meet the spring selling season and spring demand.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We ask ourselves that question. We're marketing our assets in the market and they're not. So I don't know where the rules go from there, but -- go ahead, please.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think it's very difficult to say what our ASP is on entry-level versus move-up, simply because each of those markets is so different. There's a different cost basis, both from a hard cost perspective as well as a lot cost, so -- just SG&A and everything else that's it's just -- it's too difficult for us to put a finger on it and say, well, here's what the ASP should be for entry-level and what it is for move-up. And a move-up house in one market is not a move-up house in another market. Clearly, California -- an entry-level house in California is definitely a move-up house in Texas or Florida. It'd be difficult for us to answer that question, sir.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, on land spend, we're still committed to our business model of being a land-light and a lot-light company. As mentioned earlier, our return on capital when we do buy finished lots and we cash them out, where we buy a piece of land and we develop it, our hurdle rate right now is we want the cash back in 12 months. And we'll do deals that are 18 to 24 months, very few 24-month deals, do 18-month deals but bottom line is, until we get a clearer picture on where the overall economy is going, we have very tight rein on our capital, on our cash. So as a result, it's a business model that, going forward, we still are convinced that we just don't want to be in land for a period longer than 2 years, so we're basically focusing on lot option deals and small development deals.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Do we see a rational market? Probably not. We see a number of deals out there that exceed our underwriting guidelines or don't comply with our underwriting guidelines. And we tell our division presidents, go back and rework the deal. Here's the way we will approve the deal. We miss some deals, but I'll go back to the old saying that someone mentioned to me on Wall Street years ago. And that is if -- land deals are like trains: you miss one and there's another one that's going to come along. And that's our attitude right now. There's no reason to load up our balance sheet on new land and lot deals with an unclear picture on where the economy and where our business is going. We think our business is improving clearly, but not to the extent that we're going to take risk that we don't see will be rewarded in the marketplace.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you. Today is Veterans Day, and as a final thought on my part, let me share a favorite prayer of one of our realtors in the Dallas/Fort Worth area. "God, keep our servicemen and women safe, whether they are serving at home or overseas. Hold them in Your loving hands and protect them as they protect us. Please keep these servicemen currently serving and those who have gone before in Your thoughts. They are the reason for our many freedoms that we enjoy today." Thanks and good day.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Well, for us, Stephen, with the price point that we are focused on, we've seen very little impact from the loan limits lowering. I don't believe it would have a significant impact for us if the loan limits go back up.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I was just going to say, for reference, this quarter, Ken, we were down 4% sequentially, but you still saw our sales increase. So we're trying to make sure that we keep the most productive of the communities, even as we're choosing to let a few go.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I think the interesting point though, Adam, because that's one of the things I know our sales people emphasize with people coming in the door. It's a very favorable time to lock in your monthly payment on your house, whereas rents can rise as the market recovers and that's definitely something that we point out to our buyers.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We've looked at our SG&A nine ways to Sunday because, as we always say, that's the first line item Don Horton looks at when he picks up his financials. So when we look at it sequentially, there were really 2 main factors that caused the sequential increase. And the first is, many of our comp plans are tied to profitability. We had much stronger profitability in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter or in the prior parts of the year, and so our incentive comp was higher in the fourth quarter. The other thing that was higher for us was some seasonality in our maintenance cost and utilities. We had a very, very hot summer across many of our markets and we did see an increase in our utility costs. As we look at the trend in our SG&A though, in the first half of the year -- the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year, our SG&A was actually down 2%, but our closings were up 34%. So we have taken a lot of measures in the second half of the year compared to what we ran in the first half, and in this fourth quarter, our SG&A was up 2% year-over-year on a 17% increase in revenues. So again, as we look at our quarter SG&A, extracting the variable piece, we think we're in a lot better position this year going into our first quarter than we were last year.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I'd say the flip side of that is we're also optimistic, and we want to make sure that we have the capital to invest when we're ready to do that.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We're not seeing anything substantial in terms of changes in underwriting or loan availability, really, over the last 6 to 9 months. It continues to be a challenge and people still have to have good credit and have cash for the down payment, but we're really not hearing about incremental tightening right now.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I think that really what you're seeing there is the impact of some of the market disruptions and the impact on consumer confidence. It's primarily in August where you first really started seeing the significant market fluctuation. There's generally not a significant seasonality in our cancellation rate.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And the backlog is at 18% compared to the 8% increase in specs, so we the like the mix of the inventory we have.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We have not disclosed that, Jay, and I certainly don't have it in front of me right now. It's not something that we've been prepared to discuss today.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I'll start on the approval timeline. The approval process, I don't think we've seen it be impacted by refi necessarily. It has expanded in terms of timeline if you compare it to last year or the year before, simply because the level of documentation that continues to be required, and it's generally going to take a minimum of 30 days from someone applying for a loan until they're fully approved.
Stacey H. Dwyer: A part of that depends -- on the approval to closing, a part of it depends on whether the house is complete, so if someone's coming in early in the build process, it could be another month to 2 months before we close. From the point of approval though to closing, it could be a very, very short window, maybe 3 days to a week, if the house is ready to go and the buyer's ready to move.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We're also leveraging our SG&A better. As we look at where we're starting this year compared to where we started last year, we see some upside for us on SG&A. And then we've talked about our debt reduction. We're going to have less interest flowing through our income statement, probably. If we have huge volumes, we may have more capitalized interest flowing through, but as a percentage of revenue, that should be a declining percent.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I think in each of '09 and '10, we had significant tax refunds as well, Alex. And we didn't have a cash tax refund this year, even though we had an adjustment to our tax accrual with a tax benefit for income purposes this year.
Stacey H. Dwyer: No, we were specifically talking to the fourth quarter, and our level of requests in the fourth quarter were lower than what we've seen in either second or third quarter.
Bill W. Wheat: Nishu, in terms of our cash balance, what we look at is our cash and our marketable securities, and those 2 items combined are both unrestricted. So we're right at a $1 billion there. Our target cash and marketable securities balance at year end is $1 billion, so we are basically sitting at our target level. With that and with where our balance sheet is today, we would expect our debt repurchases to decline at a pace versus what we saw this past year. Our balance sheet is in good shape. To the extent that we generate additional cash flow that's in excess of what we need to run the business, we could certainly devote some more of that to debt repurchases, but we do expect the pace of debt repurchases to slow.
Bill W. Wheat: We're certainly heading in the right direction, and we continue to evaluate it. And we do get to take into account some level of projections, but the standard that we're applying is very clear in saying that anytime you have a cumulative pretax loss in recent years, which we are using the 3-year average, that is significant negative evidence that until you get past actually having that cumulative loss for a 3-year period, it's very difficult to relieve the valuation allowance. So just to give you a little bit of sense where we are, our current cumulative 3-year pretax loss is $446 million. And that's largely the result of losses that we incurred in fiscal 2009, so as we look forward, we would expect that by the end of fiscal 2012 -- we would expect and hope that we would be out of the cumulative loss position by the end of 2012. And then at that point, depending on how things look, what positive evidence we had, we could see that reverse. But just very directly, we do not expect the reversal to occur before the end of 2012, and then it could be a bit longer depending on conditions and what positive evidence we have at that point.
Bill W. Wheat: It's consistent with the standard, and it's consistent with the guidance that we're hearing from our public accounting firm.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, the first thing that we look at is our cash balances and our liquidity and making sure we have sufficient cash for our operations and then cushion, given that we do not have a bank facility. So we certainly do take a look at potential for stock purchases, but it's not as high a priority today. We want to make sure that we are in good position to reinvest in our operations when we start seeing more favorable conditions out there. So stock is not necessarily a high priority.
Bill W. Wheat: Adam, a lot of those communities are those that would have a substantial development expenditure associated with them, and they may be fairly well-located but not yet in the development corridor where those lots will be needed in the marketplace. And it just doesn't justify the substantial amount of development spend we'd have to put out there relative to other opportunities for that capital in the market of buying finished lots or more nearly completed parcels of land that are closer to being finished lots.
Bill W. Wheat: Warranty is something that's very difficult to predict, and there always is a bit of volatility in there in terms of dealing with the tail of homes that we've delivered over the past 7 to 10 years relative to our low level of revenues today. And that's where you see a little bit of volatility in our margin there. Certainly, it's something we pay a lot of attention to and we're focused on operationally in dealing with that and taking care of our customers. I can't necessarily give you any guidance on where we expect it to go, but we certainly feel like we're reserved very well, and we've got a handle on any warranty issues that we may be dealing with in our operations today.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, first thing we look at is what our working capital needs on a seasonal basis. We will add homes to inventory during our second and third quarters of the fiscal year, and our expectations for that need is $200 million to $300 million. So that's $200 million to $300 million of our need, and then past that, typically we would -- in our capital structure, we would have a bank facility in place that would perhaps be in the range of $500 million, which would allow us some flexibility in terms of efficiency with our cash. We don't have that facility today and so essentially, we're keeping some cash as cushion in replacement for what we would normally have available in a bank facility. And what that cushion provides us with is it provides us with opportunity capital to the extent that we see good opportunities in the businesses or we see improvements and want to make further investments in our business. But it also provides us cushion against the downside. If there were a major shock to the system, which we've certainly seen several of those over the past few years, that might cause disruption in the capital markets. And it might keep us from being able to access the capital markets, or if it shocked consumer confidence in our potential homebuyers and if we saw a drop in sales or an increase in our cancellation rates, that cash cushion provides us with insurance to be able to continue to operate without losing any sleep over our liquidity.
Bill W. Wheat: That's fair. We do still -- we're very realistic. And I would say we're still a bit cautious about the overall environment. It is still a challenging homebuilding environment out there today, and we feel like it's prudent to keep some level of cushion in this environment.
Bill W. Wheat: It'd be hard to say we had a whole lot of read-through on the quarter yet considering we're not quite halfway there, especially in terms of closings and seeing the incentive margins coming in, but we're looking for it to be essentially flat with where we've been. We've seen some stability the past few quarters at the incentive level and we're kind of hopeful and optimistic that's going to continue.
Bill W. Wheat: I do believe that our average sales price should increase slightly in '12 over '11 just based upon where our product offerings are today and where we're positioned today.
Bill W. Wheat: Everyone saw that disruption for a few weeks and then it basically would come back to more expected levels on our can rates.
Bill W. Wheat: That's a fairly normal pattern. We've seen that over the years, and we kind of bake that in when we plan events.
Bill W. Wheat: And also, a bit of the increase is because we have seen a bit better sales pace and so our expectations are that we will see a bit more demand in our Q1 this year versus Q1 last year. Just one other stat: while our overall spec number may be up, the quality, the mix of those specs is better now than it was a year ago. One of the things we look at a lot are a number of completed spec homes that are older than 6 months old. Today, we have 600 of those homes. A year ago, we had 800. So while our total number of completed specs are up, our aged specs are down. So the mix is better.
Bill W. Wheat: And with regard to the impact of certain large banks choosing not to be in the correspondent business, we have had conversations with additional banks. There are certainly several banks that are still interested in being the correspondent business, and we expect our volume to shift to those banks. There could be some short-term impact on the timing and what the time it is from the time we originate a loan to when we sell it, if volumes are a bit greater than their infrastructure will support. But we don't expect there to be any long-term impact there.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, the primary driver, we believe, is our continued work on folding in new communities that we have bought the land at today's prices -- based on today's selling prices of homes, culling through underperforming communities, replacing them with better communities. So we expect that we should be able to push margins up through that process.
Bill W. Wheat: We're essentially replacing what we're selling right now. Our inventory balance is essentially flat on the balance sheet this year versus last year, so we're not generating cash by liquidating our balance sheet as we had in the past several years. That's the primary difference. Now obviously, our profit isn't what it was last year, so we don't have cash flow from profit at the same level as this year -- as last year either.
Bill W. Wheat: We've been saying for quite some time our goal is to shift our cash flow generation from liquidating our balance sheet and getting tax refunds to turning to profitability, and that's our goal and that's where we would expect our cash flow to come from going forward.
Bill W. Wheat: It's a subjective determination, for every company is different, the facts and circumstances. You'd have to look at the nature of their deferred tax assets as well as their outlook and ability to predict earnings going forward. In our case right now, the standard would tell us that a cumulative loss in recent years and a 3-year cumulative loss position that we're in today is a significant amount of negative evidence. That's very hard to overcome with any kind of positive evidence in our industry and our business that would allow us to reach the conclusion that we don't need a valuation allowance. But as we move forward through '12, as that significant evidence falls away, we'll be able to assess with maybe a lower burden of proof requirement than we currently have today without all the significant negative evidence, the cumulative loss. And we'll be evaluating our expectations for future profitability, as well as when those deferred tax assets, temporary deductible differences come back as tax deductions and against the earnings we expect to have.
Bill W. Wheat: And then, Stephen, in terms of the mortgage put-back risk, we have pursued global settlements with some of our investors. We have completed a couple of global settlements over the last year. We are still in discussions with other investors regarding global settlements with them. Those settlements that we have reached are reflected in the reduction that we've seen in our a overall loan loss reserves over the past year or so. Our reserve a year or so ago was around $40 million. Today, it's at $33 million. The other factor that's reflected in that reduction in the reserve is the fact that over the course of the year, we have seen the level of put-backs requests decline somewhat over the last year, and so we'll continue to work with our investors, continue to deal with the requests that come in. And hopefully, we can achieve some additional settlements.
Bill W. Wheat: The payout ratio is similar to where it has been in the past. There's still a significant number of requests that are ultimately rejected because there's no proof of true underwriting issues, and then the loss rate on them are pretty similar to what we've seen in the past.
