Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2017 financial results. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-K next week. After this call, we will post updated supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes data on our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margin, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Steven, I know we gave a lot of detail on the call. We've actually got a time line included in the presentation that we'll post that will outline kind of over the next year what we're planning on giving you further on Forestar. It also includes some of those numbers we talked about. But you did hear that correctly that we're planning to commit at least $400 million of capital, primarily to D.R. Horton-sourced projects starting 2018. And that doesn't mean we're only going to use $400 million for Forestar this year. We're looking at other capital sources. Primarily in the near term, we'll likely put together a revolving credit facility, and we'll also be recycling through some of their assets and bringing that cash back in the door as well.
Jessica Hansen: Consistent with what you've seen in each of these last few years though, we would expect our inventories to grow at a slower rate than our revenues which will drive that continued improvement in returns.
Jessica Hansen: And it's specifically a revenue target. This year, you'll see in our fiscal 2018 guidance, we're expecting it mainly to come from closings growth. As we go over the next couple of years, we'll give more specifics, but the target is for double-digit revenue growth.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Carl. One of the hardest things for us to predict. And as I remind everyone, I think, every quarter, is why we don't give specific guidance regarding community count. But our community count was at 2% year-over-year to finish the year out. It was actually down 1% sequentially. So, as we look and move through fiscal 2018, we really expect it to be flat, no more than slightly up. So, a continued story of absorptions maybe with a little bit of community count growth to drive that 10% to 15% increase in units this year.
Jessica Hansen: And just for reference, that's our overall housing inventory that's up to 13%. Our spec count is actually at 17% going into the year, which we feel very good about.
Jessica Hansen: It goes in line with what we're trying to drive from a closings perspective, which is the only number we actually guide to. But if you look at it, generally speaking, we typically see a very sharp increase from December to March, although September to December's relatively flat, slightly up to slightly down. Typically, December to March, we would expect to see, at least, call it, 50% increase in our sales to kind of feel good about where the spring's headed.
Jessica Hansen: In terms of our cost, Buck, per square foot that we typically talk about, our revenues, once again, outpace our stick-and-brick costs on a year-over-year basis. We did see a slightly higher increase in both our revenues per square foot and our stick-and-brick per square foot in the first three quarters of the year. But that really was just driven by the closings mix shift that Mike mentioned in our scripted comments, because we had a higher percentage of our closings coming from the West. So, I'd say, really, we're just seeing more of the same. If you take out the closings mix, we're seeing a very minor increase in our revenues, just enough to cover our stick-and-brick increase. And then the reason you're not seeing that flow through to an increased gross margin is we continue to have a little bit higher land cost flowing through as well.
Jessica Hansen: We don't see any lack of opportunities to grow our business organically at the pace we want to grow at today. So, it puts us in a very strong position that there's no deal we have to go do to hit our growth targets.
Jessica Hansen: And you'll see in the investor presentation that we're going to post at the end of this call, we actually have added a return on equity slide after our return on inventory, showing that our ROE, while reducing leverage pretty dramatically, has improved from 11.8% in fiscal 2014 to 14.4% in fiscal 2017. So, it's improving along with our ROI while we're de-levering.
David Auld: In closing, the strength of our team and operating platform across the country allowed us to deliver full year results for 2017 in line with or better than guidance we provided at the start of last year. While growing our revenue and pretax profits at a double-digit pace again this year, we generated $435 million of positive cash flow from operations and improved our annual homebuilding return on inventory by 120 basis points to 16.6%. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pretax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while continuing to generate annual positive operating cash flows and improved returns. We are well positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offering across our D.R. Horton, Emerald, Express and Freedom brands, attractive finished lot and land position, and most importantly, our outstanding team across the country. We congratulate the entire D.R. Horton team on our 16th consecutive year as the largest builder by volume in the United States, and we thank you for your hard work and accomplishments. We look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations in 2018 as we celebrate our 40th anniversary year. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host any questions.
David Auld: Alan, we look at deals every day, and we'll continue to do that. We're looking for a fit. We're looking for something that is additive that we can grow, and we look at them from the same stamp when we look at a piece of land. We're going to - it's got to be a fit, culturally, for us, for the people. But from a capital outlay standpoint, we want to return the cash over the asset base within two years. And so that makes it difficult to look at the great big deals. We've had a lot of success integrating small private companies in over the last four or five years, like the way - like what that does for our company, like the fact that you get the return of the cash pretty quick. We'll look at them, yes. We're going to look at them, we're going to continue look at them. But it's a tough hurdle to get over.
David Auld: No. I mean, I think what we're trying to do is look at things on a consistent basis with a lot of discipline and does it make us better over the long term. So, kind of what we talked about before is what we're going to continue to do and continue to talk about.
David Auld: Bob, we plan on double-digit growth next three years. I mean that's how we're setting up the operations of this company. And we're going to get a little better building each house. And we feel like the market has got some legs and it's a double-digit growth year over year over year, you generate a lot of cash.
David Auld: I will tell you, Bob, the market feels really good. The positioning of this company with its people and its communities - never been better. So yes, we are pretty jacked up.
David Auld: Thank you, Bob. We're going to adjust to the market if affordability continues to drive. We're going to meet the market where we need to. The best thing that can happen for homebuilding is a strong economy and job creation. So, given those two things, we'll figure out a way to sell houses, I can guarantee it.
David Auld: No, Ken, I wouldn't say there's anything different than what we've done. We're just positioning to grow the company. And I do think that you get to a certain size of the - the positioning has to - takes a bit longer, so we purposefully put more inventory out, started more inventory late in the fourth quarter to be positioned for a, what we think is going to be a very good spring selling market.
David Auld: Steve, during the downturn, we all had to get a lot better and look at everything we were doing and try to figure out how we could do it with a little less people a little more efficiently, and a little better or a lot better. And we - the key operators in this company went through that downturn, very painful experience, don't want to go through it again. So, we strive every day to get a little better in everything we do. And I think that has helped and has created a different operating mindset today than we had in 2006.
David Auld: I would say that - to start with the end, I'd say the pipeline is probably a little longer today than it was a year ago. And what we're looking for is not necessarily small or big, but - or bigger, but something that is additive to our company, that we can take and grow or integrate some of the things they're doing or the people that they have that make us better. That's - first thing we look at in any acquisition is the culture of the company. And if the culture is not aligned, the people aren't going to be aligned, it's typically not a great deal for us. And the next thing we look about is what kind of premium we got to pay and can we earn that premium back in two years? And if we can't, the deal structure is probably not right for us. We'll let Mike...
David Auld: We think the Phoenix Southwest, which has really driven the Southwest region, is going to continue to outperform. We're incredibly well positioned there, made some very strategic acquisitions on the land lot side a couple of years ago. The operating team out there was kind of reset in conjunction with those, and right now we've got an all-star team running that division with incredibly well-positioned lots. So, our expectation is you're going to see continued growth in the Southwest. And they will get back to their peak at some point.
David Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in January to share our first quarter results. And a special thank you to the D.R. Horton team in a tough fourth quarter because of weather. You did an outstanding job of delivering the 2017 and even a better job of positioning for 2018. You're the best in the industry, and we thank you.
Mike Murray: John, we're taking this one step at a time, but we've basically stated that we expect to achieve the cash flow from operations greater than $500 million this year, and we do expect that to ramp up over the next couple of years. We expect that by 2020, our cash flow from operations should be in excess of $1 billion. That's our estimate today and our guidance today. But certainly, we have - we do have high expectations for our ability to increase our option portion of our land position, and certainly, Forestar is a part of that as well. And over the next year as we build out Forestar's platform and it begins to contribute a greater impact on our overall operations, I do think we do have a lot of cash flow generation capability that could, potentially, exceed what we're guiding to now for the next couple of years. On share repurchase, we are starting to repurchase more shares than we have historically, and our target right now is to increase those share repurchases to a point that it fully offsets our dilution, so that our share count will remain flat by 2020. Certainly, to the extent that we're able to generate more cash than we're currently guiding in time that, that could change as well over the longer term. But right now, in the three-year window, we're targeting to offset dilution over the next couple of years.
Mike Murray: A lot of it has to do with how you're positioned, too, where the houses are, what communities, what submarkets. So, I can tell you right now, we feel very good about our position in this year. And I think it's the best we've done positioning for a fiscal year out of the last three.
Mike Murray: And then, Steven, I have to add to that, just kind of overall, part of the ability to approach the business differently does come to our balance sheet structure. And we are operating in a significantly lower leverage level than we did the last time that we were at this scale. And so - and I think that's important. It does reduce our cost structure, it reduces the risk profile significantly. And then our approach to land, we're being more efficient there, moving more towards option and having a lower-risk land strategy but also more efficient higher return strategy that allows us to still generate cash flow, while growing is a significantly different position than we were at the last time that we were at this scale. So, we like our position but we still see, obviously, plenty of opportunities to continue to improve on it from where we are.
Mike Murray: With the current platform we have, we're not being - we're not motivated to pay a big premium for anything that we couldn't otherwise do ourselves. As David said before, if it's not something that's going to make our company better, it's probably something that we'd better up spend our time and effort focused in a different area. I mean, I guess the only thing that would motivate us to want to pay a significant premium over book value would be to end my career at Horton. That, that would pretty much do it, I think.
Mike Murray: Yes, obviously. That is the platform. It is people. We've got a great position there. There was an impact. There's no doubt there was an impact. There was a disruption from hurricanes. But we've got a lot of hard-working people that worked their way through it. 
Bill Wheat: I think nothing's really changed with regard to the 60% target with Forestar. That's part of our strategy to achieve that. Over time, once we achieve that goal, we will continue to set higher goals for ourselves. But it's one developer, one contract, one project at a time that we make these relationships work.
Bill Wheat: To your first point, we have - Forestar has acquired a project in Florida, which is not in a market they've been operating in. And we're looking to - as we've talked about kind of bootstrap our way in, leverage the growth of Forestar into new markets, leveraging the Horton platform existing in those markets. With regard to sort of a higher-land-basis markets, we have identified a couple of projects to take a look at up in the Pacific Northwest, but because they are more capital-intensive, they may be a little slower to grow their ramp there.
Bill Wheat: And Steven, in terms of our land spend at D.R. Horton, we're in year one of Forestar, and as they build out their portfolio, we will still be replenishing our lot supply in 2018 at D.R. Horton, and we expect to keep our owned-lot supply relatively flat, while we grow our option position with other land developers and as Forestar grows their platform as well. So, our land-spend in order to replenish lots and land at D.R. Horton in fiscal 2018 will continue to be at or above the same level that we did this past year. Certainly, over the long term, there's potential for that to not have to grow at the same pace and not have to replenish as much, but we've got to build out the Forestar platform, as well as our third-party developer platforms further.
Bill Wheat: That's a technical term, yes, Bob. 10% to 15% growth over the next three years and continue to get more efficient and generate stronger returns, which would mean inventory will grow at a slower pace than revenues.
Bill Wheat: I don't have the specific dollars in front of me, Carl, here but the delta on the closing side, we provided revised guidance in mid-September of about 85% backlog conversion. Our operators were able to over deliver on that in late September, and we delivered 87%, so that 2% change in conversion rate would be the delta on the closing side. The remainder would be less spending on inventory, primarily in the land development side, a little bit of land back as well.  As in the - primarily in the areas that were affected by the hurricane, there was - where there was certainly a slowdown and some disruption in activity there. And that was a little bit greater than we anticipated. And so, the remainder of that cash flow delta would come from our land activity. We would have expected our annual land spend and development spend to be a bit higher than it was. And so clearly, that's a timing thing that does slide into 2018. But even with that, we still expect to exceed $500 million of cash flow from operations in 2018.
Bill Wheat: Mike, I think, looking at the $400 million we expect Forestar to commit in 2018, not all of that will be spent in 2018. That's the commitment to those projects. As they develop and execute over time, that - some of that will be spent in 2018, some of it in 2019. So, it's not all $400 million is going to go out on the - when you start the project. The other part of it is that Forestar does have a current portfolio of projects, a lot of lots under contracts to builders to sell over the next 12 months that they'll be continuing to deliver lots to those builders, which will bring up more capital to continue developing some of their existing projects, as well as invest in net new projects for the Forestar program. So, we're still working out the exact capital needs Forestar's going to have and expect to get more of that information back to you in 2018.
Bill Wheat: We're still working with the Forestar guys to figure out exactly what those projections ought to look like. We are optimistic about the numbers we put out in that June deck that we're seeing a greater deal flow that will give us an ability to exceed these numbers. It's hard to sit here today and quantify that exactly, but we are seeing a deal flow that we expect will be greater than what we anticipated for these projections. Doubling, probably a little too aggressive to say that it's going to double at this point, but we're working hard to find every opportunity that makes sense and hits the return hurdles for Forestar.
Bill Wheat: And Ken, two years ago, I think we entered fiscal 2016, probably a little lighter than we would've liked to have been in housing inventory, for the market that we saw in front of us. And so, as we grew our year-over-year, year-end inventory position in 2015 to 2016 pretty aggressively, and we're glad we did because we were able to take advantage of that into 2016. The growth from 2016 to 2017 has moderated a little bit from that prior year growth because we were better positioned to start 2016 - we were better positioned, excuse me, to start 2017 than we were 2016. So that gave us less need to add inventory, but we still feel what units we have on hand right now, 26,300, we feel great about that positioning going into 2018.
Bill Wheat: Buck, that's a deal-by-deal situation. On average, we've got about 5% deposit up for remaining purchase price. Some of the projects we control 18 months, 24 months’ supply, others, we control 3 to 5 years' worth of supply in a given project, and it varies. There are certainly some we put up more than 5%, others less than 5% to arrive at that average. We work very hard at developing those relationships with the developer community. Key business partners for us in all of our markets, our division presidents, our land acquisition professionals work very hard to understand their developers and their market and who they need to partner with to get lots put on the ground and then be a good partner to those developers.
Bill Wheat: No, there are plenty of acquisition opportunities that we're evaluating to determine interest on. I mean - and it's the way it's kind of continued to be for the last several years and it's been - people - the longer the cycle has performed well, the industry has performed well, more and more people have a confidence that they feel like they can price their company comfortable. And a lot of the private builder situations, the principles, the individuals running it day-to-day-to-day are three to five years older today than they were three to five years ago. So, their perspective and outlook potentially may be changing.
Bill Wheat: There's always room to improve on operations, we'll continue to improve on that. And we are focused on return on equity as well. In order to better - our primary driver right now at return on equity is to continue to drive a stronger ROI. And we do expect to continue to grow revenues faster than our inventory growth to drive that. And then we're at the beginning stages of beginning to repurchase shares that will also provide an element of an improvement to return on equity over time. But we're going to walk before we run.  We're going to begin by taking the steps towards offsetting our dilution. And when we've achieved that, then we'll see where we are, and we'll take the next steps from there. Clearly, we believe that longer term, we have significant cash flow generation opportunities that will give us a lot of flexibility down the line. But for the window that we see in the next two to three years, we believe we're comfortable today stating the loss at dilution, and then we'll take the next steps when we get there.
Bill Wheat: We have no specific leverage ratio. We expect our leverage ratio to continue to drop from now through 2020. We expect to keep our debt level relatively flat this year by refinancing, but our leverage ratio will drop this year, and then we'd expect that ratio to continue to drop through 2020, while also then increasing our dividends and increasing our share repurchase and growing our business. A balanced approach is really - that's the approach we're taking.
