Donald J. Tomnitz: In closing, this quarter was D.R. Horton's most profitable second quarter since 2006 with $142 million of pretax income. All of our operating metrics improved dramatically on a year-over-year basis this quarter. The value of our sales, closings and backlog, increased by 52%, 47% and 76%, respectively. Our pretax income increased 236%. Our pretax income margin increased 550 basis points to 9.9%. Our gross margin on home sales revenues increased 280 basis points. Our SG&A, as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, improved 240 basis points. And we are continuing to experience pricing power in many of our markets, as evidenced by a 14% increase in average sales price. D.R. and I would like to personally thank all of our D.R. Horton teammates. We have accomplished all of this with only a 29% increase in employees year-over-year. Our team is consistently the most efficient in terms of closings per employee. And I'm really pleased to share with you that this quarter, we sold more homes, closed more homes, generated more revenue, earned more PTI and had a higher PTI margin than any other builder. We are in a great position, as a company. We will, clearly, in 2013, be the homes closed, revenue, PTI and PTI percentage leading builder for the year. As used to say, stop for a moment and we should smell the roses for our major accomplishments. We'll get right back to work so we can continue to outperform our competition. D.R. and I thank you for the great work. This concludes our prepared remarks, and I will host any questions.
Donald J. Tomnitz: What we're focused on, clearly, Dan, developing what we have. Obviously, our goal is to bring what we've purchased, especially in the last calendar year, into production. So as we say, built so close homes and make money on those units. We are continuing to add land deals and anticipating, obviously, developing those in markets where the option lots are becoming shorter and shorter in supply. Clearly, based upon the number of option lots that we added to our portfolio, we were able to still find option lots, never finished, and finding, also, developed lots on our on-option basis. But there are markets where we're going to have to supplement the third party developers, as well as the finished option lots, with land that we have to bill for ourselves. And, of course, we've been very adept at that over the years. Given the sales pace we're seeing, the demand we're seeing, the pricing dynamics we're seeing, we would expect to still be investing strongly in finished lots, land and development in the coming quarters, as we have been so far this year.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, you can see that we increased our sales and our closings this quarter dramatically. All the while, we're dramatically improving our margins. We think we're in a wonderful position. There is a shortage of finished homes on the marketplace. So not only with our good inventory of specs that we consistently have maintained in this company, we will continue to push price as well as volume. Clearly we've said before, our goal is, improve the bottom line better than we improve the top line. But nevertheless, we are in a position where we can do both.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Actually, I was on the phone with one of our regional presidents this morning, David Auld, and we were talking about how we are very fortunate that we were early mover in terms of finding land positions 1 year ago, and 2 years ago, because our basis in that land, to answer your question directly, is very attractive, relative to where pricing is in land today. Specifically, land prices have escalated in most markets rather dramatically over the last 6 to 12 months. We're very conservative in terms of our approach because we don't need to buy that much new land to support what we see over the next 2 years as our net sales and our net closings. But clearly, land prices have gone up. As far as mothballed assets go, in terms of deliveries on mothballed assets, that still a very small amount of our overall deliveries. But we are, certainly, with the improved pricing environment, improved demand, we are bringing -- starting to bring more mothballed communities into our production. So we will see some impact from that, and that's certainly a very good source of capital for us as we will not have to purchase the land. We'll just have put to the development costs in. You will see that on our balance sheet. Our land held for development balance declined this quarter, down to 602 million as compared to 630 million last quarter. And we would expect to bring even more projects out of mothball over the coming quarters as things continue to improve.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Certainly, there's cost inflation out there. One of the things that we've been able to do clearly is raise prices faster than what our cost have been going up. To control our cost, both on a national, regional and then also on a division-by-division basis At this point, we are still clearly the largest builder in the clubhouse. And by virtue of that, we have more purchasing power than most of our competitors. And it's been a focus of this company for years to focus on our sticks and brick, which is what we're doing. In terms of specifics on the pricing power versus mix shift, our average selling price per square foot, year-over-year, for this quarter, increased 7.6%. The average square footage of the homes that we closed this quarter increased 3.7% from last year. So that's a mix between pricing and size of the home. In terms of our cost increases, those were up on a per square foot basis, 3.8%, year-over-year. So we still have a very good gap between our selling price increases versus our cost increases.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, obviously, we're more conservative last quarter in California. But the record speaks for itself this quarter. And California, for us, is doing very well now. We've made some major investments in land and lots over the course of this quarter. And we're well positioned to capitalize on what is turning out to be a better-than-expected California housing recovery.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I'm going to refrain from speaking about any specific markets, again, I promised myself that a couple of years ago. But I would say to you, I think, what is driving -- in the Bay Area, clearly, technology is still driving that market, as well as, what I've understood is there are a lot more money managers in the Bay Area, over the course of the past 2 years, actually, employees managing the money of the technology industry in Northern California. And in Southern California, I think, it's just purely people buying homes because they're more affordable than they have been in a long, long period of time. So there are people who are able to sell their homes for the first time, in a long time. And then they're able to either trade up, and downsize, and capitalize on the potential having more appreciation in a new home versus the existing home that they are currently living in.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Yes, it all comes into what's your in your crystal ball, Mike. If trends continue, if we continue to see double-digit pricing increases, we would expect that margins would continue to increase. But when we're looking at a land deal, we don't factor in future price appreciation into our assumptions in order to justify a land deal. We take a similar approach in our overall expectations in the business. Certainly, if things continue at the pace, we'll see some further improvement. But based on what we see right now. what's in our backlog? We're comfortable with our guidance for next quarter.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Yes, to answer your question. As you know, we have focused on the first-time buyer, for years, at this company, and we still believe that's the largest component of the home market. And we are priced very competitively in the marketplace and can compete, and we're able to offer buyers who are moving out of apartments and more attractively-priced home, due to our low cost and our volume. So it's natural for us, given our size, to be able to offer a more competitively priced first-time home buyer opportunity for those people moving out of their apartments. And as mentioned to you probably 1.5 years ago, we began a significant focus on the move up buyer, and we are penetrating that market very well. And we expect that part of our business to continue to grow as it has.
Donald J. Tomnitz: As a matter of fact, back then, we were hoping that people would cane [ph] and we could resell the home for more. We're not in that concurrent situation, but currently, we have adequate number of specs out there to meet the demand. We're trying to increase our specs because we anticipate increasing demand. And to the extent as I said, that we have a home ready for a buyer, who sells her home more quickly than anticipated, it's great position. And please don't forget, realtors are a large percentage of our sales. And realtors like one thing. They love to collect their commission more quickly. So when you have a spec home, they can typically collect their commission within 30 to 45 days, as opposed to if they sell a build job, they're having to wait 3 to 4 months to collect their commission.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We're not going to argue with having achieve it earlier than we anticipated because it's a beautiful thing, after the last 5 years in our industry. And I thought about what your question is, and not to be negative, but to be realistic, our margin increases have been dramatic, to the extent that we're able to improve our margins as much in the future as what we certainly have done in this past quarter. You'd have to probably question this to whether we could improve them that much on a go-forward basis, quarter-after-quarter-after-quarter. Clearly, as we continue to do the volume that we're doing, I'm so proud of our people because we, clearly, will be the leader in the clubhouse, both on units as well as revenue this year. We are definitely experiencing more purchasing power than our peers. And that's really our goal. Our goal was always been to keep our SG&A as low as possible in this company, but also to be very proactive and controlling our stick and brick costs. And our volume helps us do that dramatically.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I would say after being in the industry for 33 years, and I'll celebrate my 30th anniversary at Horton in August, 20% and 10% and 10% is pretty much a -- it's a good return. And to the extent that our gross margins are higher than that and our SG&A is lower, I think, to a certain extent, that's largely an anomaly in this business. And you're going to have years where you're going have to do that, and you better pack away the earnings and stick them away for the days when you're going to be back to 16% to 17% margins. So clearly, I think, where we see the business year-after-year-after-year, if we can maintain a 20% gross margin, a 10% SG&A and 10% at the pretax line, that's a beautiful scenario. You take it when it's better, but you don't get too caught up in it.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We don't have to go out and buy land at today's prices. To hit any sort of growth targets, we will still reinvest. But we're in a very good position on land. We already own houses that we can build and put in inventory to deliver strong growth and strong margins.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think, as the market recovers, there'll be a -- another party that enters into the fray, and that will be the third party developer. And so, as a result, in the past, we've always had a good group of third party developers who've had helped us provide lots for our lot inventory. Obviously, with the banks, over the last 5 years, and they're beginning to slightly increase their lending, but we are seeing third party developers qualifying for development loans. So as a result, our existing land development will be augmented by third party developers. And that would continue to increase as the market continues to improve, because as the housing market continues to improve, there's no doubt in my mind that the banks will begin lending once again.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Susan, I'm just -- I made myself a promise, I'm just not going to get market specific because I -- over the past years, I think, it's benefited our competitors more than it has our analysts. So as a result, you want to follow up with that question with Stacey or with Jessica later, they'll try to help you with that.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I've seen that decrease, firstly, reviewing every land deal in the company, along with Bill and Stacey, we'll tell you that 2 years ago, and even a year ago, we saw a more proper participation from developers than we are today. And I don't know why that is, but we're not seeing very much of it today. And every time we have a chance, we push back on that because we deserve the upside. And so -- but not as much today as what it was 1, 1.5 years ago.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And please don't recall, we are the most efficient on the industry. We still close and sell more homes per employee than anyone else. And I'm astounded when I looked at the number for the quarter, when we year-over-year increased our employee count by 29%, but yet our sales closings and backlog values increased 52%, 47% and 76%, respectively. We leveraged our overhead extraordinarily well.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We're planning on opening every community that meets our current underwriting guidelines, which is a combination of gross margin and return on capital. And I don't mean to not answer your question, but we are aggressively pursuing land and lot positions and most -- yes, every one of our markets. And to the extent that our conservative underwriting guidelines are met, we're on the deal. We do expect our selling communities to continue to be up 10% to 15% year-over-year for the remainder of this fiscal year. Past that, it's hard to have perfect visibility on timing of openings and closings. But just to clarify, we are approaching this upcycle in a totally different manner than we have in my 30 years with this company. And that is, we are adhering very closely to our return of initial investment on any land deal, that we'd get our capital back, our original investment back within 24 months. So some slight exceptions, but our goal is to maintain that hard and fast rule. And we're not having a hard time finding deals to meet those criteria today.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Yes, the Southwest, I think, we've mentioned the last quarter's call, with the vast improvement in the Phoenix market last year, our lot supply's a little lower than we would like. So we're working to build that back up. So our sales are reflecting that. But we're also seeing very strong pricing in that region as we rebuild our inventory.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Okay. Right now, if you were investing in mortgages, I can't imagine a better time with the FICO scores, the underwriting guidelines and with low interest rates where they are today, very few prepayment -- early prepayment. So if you're an investor in mortgages, it's a great time to be in the business.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I'll tell you, and with our volume in each one of our markets, we're assisting third party developers in terms of them taking their loans from banks because simply of the fact that, one, we have a strong balance sheet. And secondly, we are strong performer. We start the number of specs in each one of our communities. So there are a lot of third party developers who are seeking loans, that look at Horton as a great catalyst to them securing their loan from a bank.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, and I'll speak for him because he's sitting to my left, but Mike Murray is moved up to 38. He was our Controller and he was promoted to Senior Vice President. And he's in charge of our acquisitions for us. And clearly, if you recall, what was it? 4 months ago, 5 months ago, we've closed on Breland, which was a builder in Mobile and Gulf Port, Mississippi area, as well as Huntsville, Alabama. So he's working deals. We're working deals. And it's our goal to be a participant in the M&A game just as we were in the past upcycle.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Before Mike gets into the facts, or all the other relationships, let me just say that our acquisition gain, one of the things, that's our preeminent plan, has always been that we are looking for people who will fit within our company and make sure that they blend well with us. And if you look at the people that we inherited from the Breland acquisition, there wasn't much "Hortonization" that was necessary, they fit within our organization very well and are performing very well. So that's our first plan. Our second plan is, is to make sure that they fill a hole where we currently need some help. And so I'll let Mike go in with the rest of it.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Let me clearly say it. We didn't say how far below. We talk clearly, Alex, about the fact that we still see gross margin expansion opportunities in the quarters ahead, especially in the next 3 quarters. And as, obviously, we get more of our closings in the second half of the year than the first half of the year, we see some declines in our SG&A as a percentage of revenue, moving forward. And that clearly, I think, our SG&A percentage in the second half of the year, will clearly be under 11%, and may approach 10% for the third and fourth quarter. But on an average for the year, based upon where we are today, it's not going to be -- it's probably going to be closer to 11%n than it's going to be closer to 10%. But it could be somewhere in between there, clearly.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And please remember what I said in my prepared remarks, the second half of the year will be substantially better than the first half of the year for us, absolutely.
Donald J. Tomnitz: With all due respect, Alex, we're not focused on where our SG&A is going to be so much in the year, in '14 and '15 is where we are, and the next 2 quarters. So we're just focusing right now on delivering what we can very effectively deliver in the third and fourth quarters. And obviously, you know this organization, you know Don Horton very well. If we get to 10%, Horton will want 9%. And we'll be working on trying to get to 9%. But let's get to 10% first, before we have to make -- before you try to get us committed to where we're going to be in '14 and '15, sorry.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, actually, as we come through, as I said earlier in the conference call, Bill, Stacey and I see every deal that comes through the company. And one of us approves it, and I hear and see every deal. I would say to you that we are clearly still seeing a number of great opportunities in A locations. And most of the deals we're approving right now are A locations, based upon our gross margin hurdles as well as our return of initial capital. So I don't believe we're seeing -- I know one thing. We're not doing any C deals. So clearly, we're augmenting our A deals, which the majority of our deals are As, with some B deals, but we've got a high level of A deals coming to the corporation right now.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, as we look across the country, frankly, we're selling, more and more, larger plans, as our sales price indicates and our square footage indicates. And frankly, in a number of our markets, we're in the leading the smallest 2 plans, simply because of the fact that we have much better margins than the third largest small plan, and going up the scale so -- I don't see any issues with that currently and I know that, that's an issue because, obviously, with the increased taxes that everyone's having to pay this year, there is less disposable income. But we still have people who largely come in into our models, especially in the first-time homebuyer market. With the affordability rates where they are today, even though they may not be as great as they once were, but they're still very good. they're still trying to buy all house they possibly can. That's something we always have to watch, always watch the affordability. But today, it's still very good. And then especially with where mortgage standards are today, for those buyers that are able to qualify for a mortgage, they have very, very good credit quality. So they're typically able -- probably to afford a little bit more house than buyers several years ago, when credit standards were a little different.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Actually, we work very closely, to the extent that we can, with our appraisers. And we try to help them by having a focal person in each division, deliver the appraisal packet. And to the extent that they can use any of our help, we're trying to help them. But clearly, I think, the appraisers are doing a good job in most of our markets. There are a handful of markets where we go like that the appraisers are not giving the value that we should be getting for our homes, but we're working through that.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I'll take the second half of that. We're not trying to slow our sales in any particular market by lack of lot supply. If we are doing anything, and our sales are slowing in a particular area it's because we're very proactive on our price increases. And we're trying to take price increases wherever we can and as actively as we can, but not any restriction on our sales, relative to land and lot supply.
Donald J. Tomnitz: It's really a risk assessment. And basically, if we are buying lots, all cash, from a third-party developer, more if we have bought the land and are developing the lots, we have a higher gross margin underwriting hurdle than our standard, on a rolling option basis. That could be anywhere from 200 to 300 to 400 basis points differential. Because we believe that, as we cap the cash something now, or in terms of finished lots, or if we develop the subdivision ourselves, we should be paying ourselves a risk-adjusted return. And if we're not, then we're making a mistake. So that's where we focus. And sometimes it's 500 basis points, but I'd say, it's typically somewhere between 300 and 400 basis points, if we have to cash something out.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you. And thank our employees for a wonderful quarter. We've come through a tough 5 years in this -- in the company. We've rebuilt the company from the ground up. Our employees have done a phenomenal job out there, helping us get to where we are . Without a doubt, we're clearly the leader in the industry, and where we are today and where we are positioned, over the course of the next 2 years, we should clearly be the leader in the industry, both on units, revenues, profit, gross margins, SG&A. We absolutely had a phenomenal quarter, but there's more great things to come with this company. And I appreciate it, and D.R. and I thank each and every one of our employees. Goodbye.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Our financial services segment has slightly different training than the home builder, because a lot of their revenue is recognized when they sell the loans. So at the end of the fourth quarter, our calendar fourth quarter, they have very large mortgage loans held for sale balance, which then they sell during our first quarter and recognize that gain on sale. But that -- their mortgage loans held for sale at the end of the December quarter are lower, and so the amount of gain that they recognized, this quarter, is a little bit lower. It's just a timing difference.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes, if there's mortgage loans held for sale. It could drift up if market conditions and the margins hold.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And we do think this is a period of when it's better, because there is a shortage of supply compared to the current level of the demand on housing. And we alluded earlier, we are seeing land prices increase because there's a shortage of finished lots available to construct the houses. So we've got that inventory. So we think we can take advantage of the current environment and increase our margins, on going forward.
Stacey H. Dwyer: That's one of the reasons we give you our finished lot count and not just our total lot count. Because with 58,000 finished lots we should be able to have ascend time to adjust to demand levels that we're seeing, and react without running out of lots.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We're starting to see a very good SG&A leverage toward the back half of last year, so continuing to see the same level of year-over-year improvement of that same ratio, you mentioned, between incremental revenue and SG&A is -- would probably be a little bit aggressive. But we do feel that we are working our way back down toward the 10%, and as we said, we expect to be under 11% for the balance of the year.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We've been in a very robust gain on sale environment. The demand side for the mortgage is where originating has increased. A large portion of our loans have been sold to one buyer for a long period of time. We're now seeing more buyers come in to the market and that is helping with the pricing. We don't know exactly where the margins will go. But it would -- might be a little aggressive to assume that they continue to stay exactly where they are, because this is above any historical margins we've ever ran, in terms of gain on sale.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes. And on backlog conversion, the 70% compared to what we had historically done in our third quarter, it's probably about 10% higher. We have seen our spec percentage come down a little bit as our percentage of inventory. So that's one of the things we're weighing. But quite honestly, we haven't been the perfect predictors of what our backlog conversion will be.
Bill W. Wheat: Frankly, where we are today, we see a shortage of finished new homes in the marketplace. So by virtue of having that specs that we have out there, we have tremendous pricing power on our specs. We have a number of people who are listing their homes. And as one of our people in the legal who runs our environmental for us, he listed a home and had 4 offers in 3 days. So people are listing their homes and selling them a lot more quickly than what they've anticipated. And to the extent that we have spec inventory that we have out there, which has been tradition in this company, then, in essence, we have had significant pricing power in our specs. Our specs used to be slightly less in terms of margin than our build jobs, and that has semi-reversed itself. Recently we have seen some trends where some spec margins have been higher than pre-sales. We don't expect that would be the long-term trend. But in an environment where we're seeing rising pricing, that certainly can happen. And obviously, with our spec inventory, then that's certainly a benefit to our margins right now. As a matter of fact, currently, with our sales demand, we're having our spec level is slightly lower than what we preferred to have it because we, as we release it, we're selling more rapidly than we anticipate.
Bill W. Wheat: Ken, we don't have the specific data on that, from that period. But I would suspect back in a period when there were significant pricing increase, we're probably some seeing a similar trend to what we're seeing right now.
Bill W. Wheat: And as we have long said, the key to being successful with specs is to manage them very carefully. And obviously, it's been part of our business model for a long time. So even though we're in a period right now, where we're seeing rising prices, we're still going stay disciplined and we're going to manage our specs effectively.
Bill W. Wheat: And if you look back over history, through cycles, even though we talk about a normalized margin of want to be a 20% gross, 10% SG&A, 10% on the bottom line. What we have seen, during the up part of the cycle in the past, when pricing has been going up, as we have seen margins above that level. Over the long-term average, it kind of averages out to the 20, but we've certainly seen periods where it's been above the 20. And we're hopeful, if trends continue, that we'll see some of that.
Bill W. Wheat: The goal is always to strike the best balance. Scale and volume helps drive some efficiencies, and helps drive some bottom line profitability and margins and returns. But we'll always want to balance that, so I don't think one supersedes the other.
Bill W. Wheat: There is certainly a longer lead time to opening a community when you buy land and have to develop it yourself, versus buying finished lots. But it's a very local decision. And each one of our operators in the local markets understands where their positions are, where their communities need to be replaced and where their accounts make sense to add. And they account for that lead time in planning to buy land and bring it into production at open communities. So it is definitely a difference in timing. But as Don said before, we expect there will be other opportunities, that may not exist work today, for some finished lot developers to be in place to help support our growth as well.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, any deal where we bought finished lots, it would have been tied up under an option contract. We don't have the aging of when the contracts were signed, though, in terms of the buys or anything like that. But clearly, it's still a substantial portion of our spend was on finished lots.
Bill W. Wheat: That's pretty good. Our long-term target on SG&A is 10%. And we're certainly rapidly moving in that direction. And we would expect, if things continue, we will get there. Maybe not quite this year, but we will get there. And as we grow, we certainly have to add infrastructure. We have to add people and as we add new communities, we add expenses. But there have been periods where we've been below 10%, when we've seen a lot of pricing increases. And so we could see a period below 10%, but again, 10% is a long term average. We're still striving to get there.
Bill W. Wheat: Year-over-year was -- on active selling communities, was up 15%. I don't believe we gave the sequential number. That was ...
Bill W. Wheat: I think that's reflective of our geographic mix. We have a very strong presence in Texas, where there are third party developers, where there are finished lot opportunities really tied up throughout the south. there's a lot more opportunities there. So we typically have seen substantial amount of finished lot purchases in those markets.
Bill W. Wheat: We've known that it would start reverting back to historical norms, but the predicting how quickly and how much, has been a little difficult. But we have seen a slower backlog conversion this year than last year. We expect that to continue to revert, that's within the guidance. Could we do better than 70%? Sure. But historically would say that we could do a little worse than that, too.
Bill W. Wheat: There's strong buyer demand in a sub market at margins that meet our hurdles, that's an A deal for us.
Bill W. Wheat: When we're dropping our 1 or 2 smallest plans on a number of our communities, there's good demand out there. So to the extent that we're dropping those, to the extent we have come back and add those because of less disposable income or qualifying problems, we can easily do that.
Bill W. Wheat: And commissions over the long term are typically around 3% of revenue for us, and this quarter was in line with that long term range.
