Don Tomnitz: There are still challenges in the homebuilding industry; rising foreclosures, significant existing home inventory, high unemployment, tight mortgage lending standards, and weak consumer confidence. However, as we have mentioned before, new home inventory remains low, interest rates are favorable, and housing affordability is near record highs. In addition, we are beginning to see small improvements in national consumer confidence and unemployment although their impact varies significantly from market to market. In two weeks, the spring selling season beginnings in earnest, and we will begin to get a much better read on demand. We will also see if the small improvements in consumer confidence and jobs are sustainable. Over the last three years, D.R. Horton has increased our national market share of new home sales by 50% from 3.8% to 5.8%. Our long-term strategy has proven successful throughout the downturn, and we will continue our focus on providing affordable homes, increasing our number of active selling communities over a broad geographic footprint, controlling our costs, maintaining our strong balance sheet, and profitably outselling our competition in each and every market and community. This concludes our prepared remarks. And we’ll now entertain questions.
Don Tomnitz: You’re correct that we have had a strong spec strategy. I would say to you that our gross margin decline really is a function of the competition in the marketplace, as one of my regional presidents stated also as it doesn’t do any good to have an unrealistic gross margin out there on the house of – it is above what the market is going to pay. So we have adjusted our gross margins on a market-by-market, subdivision-by-subdivision, and house-by-house basis. We have reduced our specs on our total inventory this quarter. I would say to you that that will probably increase at the end of the next quarter depending upon our sales, but we are loaded – locked and loaded, as I say, with our specs on the ground anticipating a much better spring selling season than our past sales have reflected. So I think we’re definitely ready for the spring selling season.
Don Tomnitz: I’m not a big traffic guy, but D.R. is on the road this week and has been going through Louisiana and Alabama on his way to Florida. And he is happier than I’ve heard him in a long time, and it’s been based upon the amount of traffic that he is actually seeing in our model homes. So I would say to you that based upon his input and my input being on the road, we are seeing more traffic. And I think that’s a very good thing in terms of where we see the market coming for this spring selling season.
Don Tomnitz: Frankly, we still want to maintain our model of being a land, light company, especially on the ownership side. And that’s our focus is, but still continue to focus on option deals even though we may give up some gross margin by doing the option deals. We feel like that’s a better place for our balance sheet to be.
Don Tomnitz: No. I think we are very factual, and I think when we – clearly when we – our fourth quarter conference call proved up on our fourth quarter results were, I don’t see anything in ’11 that’s going to make ’11 better than ’10. And I think that we’re still realistic in terms of we need job growth, we need consumer confidence, and we still have issues with qualified people with tighter mortgage underwriting. So I think 2011 will be a marginal weak year in the homebuilding industry. Our goal is still to be profitable in 2011, and we are going to struggle more in ’11 than we did in ’10 to be profitable.
Don Tomnitz: Well, I would say to you on the gross margin side, clearly we’re going to be competitive in the marketplace, as we have always been. And going into the second quarter, we do have, even though our spec count percentage is down. We still have 55% of our inventory out there as specs. We do have some aged inventory that we want to move. So I would say to you that being competitive, given our inventory and given some of our aged inventory, I think that our margins will continue to be under pressure in the second quarter.
Don Tomnitz: Well, first of all, I’d say that we’re realistic as opposed to pessimistic. And secondly, I think you can reconcile very simply. The first quarter is our seasonally long quarter for the entire fiscal year. And so we’re lower than at the bottom of the ocean right now. And if we can’t be optimistic after our worst quarter seasonally, there would be something wrong with us. So we are optimistic relative to where we’ve been and where we are today in terms of the fact that there is going to be a better market in the second and third quarter than what we’ve experienced in the first quarter in terms of sales and closings.
Don Tomnitz: Our margins are going to continue to be under pressure based upon the competitiveness in the marketplace. We are outselling everyone else in the industry. We are going to continue to outsell and out-close everyone else in the industry. We are better positioned than anyone else in the industry. So, as a result, as I’ll quote one more time, David All [ph], it doesn’t do any good to have an unrealistic gross margin on a house if the market perceives to this overprice. So we are trying to control our cost as strongly as we can, and we are trying to meet the market in each and every sale that we have. So as a result, depending upon what every other builder is going to be doing out there, which were all fighting for market share, were all fighting for a limited number of sales in the marketplace, I think over the next couple months there’s going to be some extreme competition in the marketplace. But again, we’re going to continue to outsell and out-close everyone in the market.
Don Tomnitz: And that said, the other thing is that we consistently rework our rolling option lot prices simply because of the fact that we can. So, as a result, when the margins start to work their way down, because the land cost is getting higher as a percentage of the overall cost of sales price, we are back with the seller whoever that may be and try to work that price down.
Don Tomnitz: I think that’s going to be difficult to achieve, but I will tell you this that we are out there trying to do every option deal on finished lots that makes sense to us in the market, and we’re beginning to go further and further out from some of our core markets and given to other areas where there are finished lots albeit perhaps not as desirable as our core markets. But we’re trying to drive buyers out to those markets by offering a more competitively priced product.
Don Tomnitz: But again, as I said, we’re going further and further out from our core markets where there are plenty of developed lots and on a very selective basis and trying to offer the buyer a more competitively priced house further out. And so I think that we will add communities like that, but it’s not going to be as much as what we’ve added in the past. But there were so many core subdivisions that were available at one point in time. Those are beginning to decrease in number.
Don Tomnitz: We’re great. Good morning, Carl. I guess you surprised me this morning. I walked into Stacey’s office, and you must be taking happy pills.
Don Tomnitz: And where that happened primarily was inland California where we did enter into some deals in early ’09, and they didn’t prove to be as good as the olds as what they should be. And post the tax credit environment, inland California dried up and has blown away. I don’t think you can find it anymore.
Don Tomnitz: Clearly, where we entered into most of the – the majority of our deals is in our Eastern region, which is in Florida, the Carolinas, Georgia, Alabama and even in Northwest (inaudible). Just obviously fought her, but primarily that’s where we’ve entered into most of our deals today.
Don Tomnitz: I’ll start off by saying one of the reasons for the delta is, as Bill mentioned earlier, is that our ’09 communities are obviously getting older. They were entered into at a higher lot price than what subsequently we’re able to get lots in some of those markets. And D.R. has said on a number of occasions, the second leg down in the homebuilding industry started May 1st as the tax credit – it's the second tax credit expires. So I think it’s a focus of – it's actually expiring, but not as much pricing power in the marketplace because obviously our sales have come down. But secondly, because the ’09 lot deals with the second leg down in the homebuilding industry where the lot prices were richer than what they ultimately needed to be.
Don Tomnitz: Well, I’d say, first of all, that we start off with a strong cash position. Secondly, we had a goal of continuing to aggregate the national market share, which we have done. And thirdly, we are willing to build specs in our communities. So when we go to a seller of lots whether it be an individual or a corporation or a bank, we are certainly with our business model to preferred buyer of those homes. And we do maintain more specs per community than most builders largely to accommodate that first time homebuyer or that relocation buyer, as well as the realtors who basically want to bring our customer into our home and collect their commission as quickly as possible, and that doesn’t work very well for them when you’re taking 90 to 120 days to build a build job. So, as a result, I think those factors clearly make us the preferred buyer.
Don Tomnitz: First of all, I will say to you that we’re extraordinarily proud of our SG&A in terms of total dollars, which we’re right at about $118 million for the quarter, which that includes everything, including corporate. And secondly, it’s down from the previous quarter. Thirdly, I would say to you, we do a lot of analyses around comparing ourselves to others. But if you look at the fact that the number-two or number-three builder in the country is closing – we're closing about 30% more homes than they, and we’re running the same total dollars of SG&A. I think that’s an extraordinary accomplishment. Having said all that, clearly the first quarter was our weakest quarter. We’re prepared for a better selling season in the second and third quarter. And basically, there are core SG&A costs that are associated with expecting that our sales and closings in the second quarter and the third quarter. Clearly though we’re unhappy at 15.5%, I think is the number. And we’re going to focus on working that down if the sales don’t materialize as we expect them to do, because 15.5% to us is totally unacceptable.
Don Tomnitz: Couple of thoughts. One, don’t forget that when we started all this, we had $1.5 billion of total SG&A in the corporation. And we thought we have done a good job when we cut it to $0.5 billion of total annual SG&A. Now we’re running closer to about $480 million worth of SG&A, and that’s coming down. So we definitely have the ability and we have the guts to cut as we move forward in terms of dollar specific or more focused on the percentage of our SG&A as a part of our revenue. So the revenue portion of the SG&A is also very important to us. But if the sales don’t materialize, then there will be subdivisions, which include salespeople and some superintendents who we won’t need because we’ll be closing down those communities if the sales don’t materialize as we expect them to do.
Don Tomnitz: I think the Countrywide settlement for Fannie was a benefit to the industry overall because basically you got the overhang away from Countrywide and BofA, and BofA and Wells are purchasers of our mortgages. So as a result, I think they basically with the settlement certainly appear to have a clean slate and are in business and are going to move forward and continue to buy our mortgages.
Don Tomnitz: I’d be glad to answer that question. First of all, our goal certainly is to get our SG&A as a percentage of revenues back into – out of the teens and back into the 12s is certainly our goal. I’d say, secondly, and we obviously compare ourselves to all of our peers and some of our people who are not our peers. And that company that reported today has done an excellent job. I would say to you though, what this company – D.R. Horton is focused on is we have continued to maintain our geographic footprint. We’re still in 26 stated and 72 markets. And we are positioning and have positioned and will continue to position this company to take advantage of the upturn in the housing industry. And I will say to you that when the upturn in the housing industry comes that we will be much better positioned and – much better position to generate profits in some deliveries in three or four states.
Don Tomnitz: I’ll let Stacey deal with the numbers, but just as a general observation. Let’s not forget that it was not a D.R. Horton federal tax credit, but it was a national tax credit. So, as a result, it benefited all builders out there in the marketplace. So, notwithstanding the fact that some of our market share gains may have come from the tax credit nevertheless everybody else out there was benefiting from the tax credit as well.
Don Tomnitz: And if you are giving us credit for our business model by focusing on the first time homebuyer, we basically was a bigger percentage of the buyers that I agree with you. But as we’ve always in this company focused largely on the first time homebuyer, and we still believe that on a go-forward basis, that’s the best buyer in the marketplace today. I’ll let Stacey to talk about the percentages.
Don Tomnitz: And I assure you that each one of our regional presence and division presence were in field on a daily basis. And Don Horton and myself, our goal everyday when we get up is to focus on profitability, but also to focus on continuing to aggregate market share and take advantage of those players in our marketplace who are frozen on the market because of financing or some other financial issue. But nevertheless, our goal is to continue to aggregate market share.
Don Tomnitz: Yes, we can. And as Bill is looking up that – Mike are looking up that data, I always like to remind people that we still are the only builder who provides people at a watch list and we’ll continue to let you drill down on it.
Don Tomnitz: Well, I would say our broad geographic footprint, as I said before, 26 states and 72 markets, we’re well prepared for the spring selling season in all of those markets. It’s hard for me to answer it, and I’m not going to get into as one of my (inaudible) trying to raid each market, I think what we told you clearly was that so far it looks like inland California and the Carolinas are weaker markets for us today. But we expect those markets sit with the exception of the entire colleagues that	 Inland Empire. We certainly expect a lot of the Carolinas in the next two quarters relative to what they produce for us this last quarter.
Don Tomnitz: Well, let me answer the question on the option deals. We are trying to tie up every option deal that makes sense to us irrespective of where it’s located, subdivision, state, city, whatever. But if it makes sense to us, we’re going to tie it up and try to make money building and selling and closing homes. The optimism out there, I will tell you, as you travel around and Mike Murray and I were in California and we were in Portland together and we’re about ready to go to Carolinas on Sunday and travel around. It’s disheartening as you are going through subdivisions if you are not seeing a lot of traffic, and we typically are in those subdivisions on a weekend because it helps us gauge the traffic because that’s what most of the traffic, specifically in the sales offices on the weekend. So I think what D.R. is clearly saying is, hey, he is seeing easing traffic during the week and subdivisions, so he is travelling through in Alabama and Louisiana and Nevada. So as a result, that bodes well. I mean, that’s why it’s feeling good, that’s we’re all feeling good because we can’t sell somewhat a home who doesn’t show up in our month. But the traffic is a good thing right now.
Don Tomnitz: While she is looking that up, I’d also say, our cancellation rate, even though it is 28%, doesn’t concern me. Clearly, I’d like to have it at 18% or 19% where historically was during the good days, but our salespeople have been instructed, don’t worry about qualifying them. Right the contract and then turn it over to the mortgage company and let the mortgage company qualify him. So, as a result, what we’re trying to do is make certain if we have a buyer in front of a sales person that we write that buyer and take them out of market. I’m trying to get them qualified.
Don Tomnitz: That’s still part of our focus today, Alex, in terms of the use of our cash, we are still out there reducing our debt. We are focused on being as efficient as we can with our cash, but we don’t expect to see the same level of cash generation. And depending on the sales level, we’ll depending on a level-of-investment in our inventory. But we do continue to focus on our balance sheet, and we want to maintain the strength of that balance sheet because we think that provides us a good position to respond when we do see some improvement in the marketplace.
Don Tomnitz: I think the good thing about commodity prices based on what I’ve seen in the market the last couple days is that commodity prices are beginning to come up all-time highs. lumber prices, we have good relationships with our lumber suppliers. We typically lock I our lumber prices for a period of three to six months. And clearly we have higher lumber prices working their way through our closed homes now. And so that had some impact on our gross margins negatively. But I’d say to you that lumber prices, as many years as we’ve been on this business, they always have a tendency to speak about this time of the year, and then they have the tendency to decline throughout the rest of the calendar year. So I anticipate that the lumber prices will begin to come down through this quarter and the next two quarters.
Don Tomnitz: First of all, I would say to you that we’re just beginning to go into these non-core markets as we try to continue to generate houses at a price more affordable than what the core markets are providing us the opportunity to. So I would say to you that –
Don Tomnitz: What we’re just trying to do is that as these finished lots are depleted in the core markets, then obviously we need to move out to the next concentric circle just as in the good times. As a developer, you continue to move up the next concentric circle, and then by the time the market crashes, you are too far – too many concentric circles out. We’re going up to the next concentric circle, which makes sense for more people want to live and commute from.
Don Tomnitz: As far as the core markets bringing this award that we don’t use very often in the homebuilding industry, but I will tell you D.R. and I travel around to the extent that we do have a subdivision where there are no other competitors, or no significant competitors. We’re always reminding our division presence, but notwithstanding the fact that we have a 20% gross profit margin goal in each subdivision and each house to the extent that we are the only builder in a core deal. We will, and quoting, I just told too division presence this last week, take your margins at 25% and start asking 25% because there are no other loss that could compete with it.
Don Tomnitz: We have a pretty hard and fast underwriting guidelines here, and really what it centers around is a 20% gross profit margin. Do we approve some deals that has an 18% upfront gross margin. We do. But I would say that 99% of all the deals that we approve have an upfront day-one 18% or greater gross margins.
Don Tomnitz: Okay. Thank you. We appreciate everyone joining on the call. We did not achieve profitability in the first quarter. Our goal is to strive for profitability each and every quarter. As we said earlier, we think that will be more difficult. It will be equally as difficult I think in Q2. We are clearly looking at Q3 and Q4 as the opportunity for us to generate a profit. The spring selling season is going to be here. The Super Bowls in Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area and Arlington, Texas. This is our Super Bowl I would tell our salespeople and all of our division presidents and regional presidents. We need to make sure that we win the Super Bowl this year because this is very important to us to be able to report a profitability in fiscal year ’11. So I thank each of you for your hard work. We need to work a little harder and we need to get back to sustained profitability. Thank you very much.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Steven. In terms of active communities, our strategy is to continue to increase our community count. Obviously we have older communities rolling off. So there is a netting effect, but our strategy is to continue to try to incrementally improve our communities. Active selling communities were up 3% sequentially this quarter, up about 18% year-over-year. So that continues to go. In terms of our land and lot spend, essentially on our finished lots, we’re basically replenishing the lots that we are selling through. Our finished lots supply has changed a whole lot. If we see better sales, we would expect that to start increasing to max those sales. Our total spend on finished lots, land and development this quarter of $188 million is basically roughly in line with the pace that we spent last year. We spent a little over $800 million last year. So I wouldn’t see a major shift in that unless we see a major shift in the sales pace.
Bill Wheat: Basically, we’ve been in a market for the last six months where demand has been at a very low level. So therefore the competition for that low level of demand has been intense, and I think that’s reflected in the margin. As we go through the year, we see some seasonal increase. Hopefully, some higher level of volume in the marketplace would help to provide some stability for margins, but we will see. We do expect it to be very competitive continuing through the year.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Mike, last year you saw us ramp up our community count rather dramatically on a sequential basis throughout the year. While we continue to expect to increase our community count, we might not be increasing it sequentially as dramatically as we did a year ago. So the year-ago comparisons may start to moderate a bit, but again we expect to sequentially continue to try to increase our community counts.
Bill Wheat: Yes. We’ve been talking for a while now about the number of our sales and closings that have come from communities that we contracted for beginning in fiscal ’09 or later. Clearly, that has become a much bigger part of our business. This quarter we have ticked up to around 50% or better in terms of both sales and closings that have come from those communities. So now that has really become our business, and that will continue to grow. Of course, we start to see some of those ’09 communities start to roll off as well. So that’s a survey statistic that we still have. It’s not becoming – it's not quite as relevant today, and we would expect it to become even less relevant in future quarters as that’s now really – that really is our business.
Bill Wheat: The increase is primarily related to the broader conditions, but there are some of the newer stores that are representing some of the projects on the watch list.
Bill Wheat: And we have – while this – the leg down in margin this quarter was more dramatic than we saw last quarter. If you go back to our margins in the first half of ’10, second quarter specifically, we were up around 18%. It did step down to the low-17s in the last two quarters. And so I think what you’re seeing this quarter is you’re seeing the impact of the tougher selling environment as we went through the summer. And the sales environment that we had in the summer and into the early fall have been showing up in closings more than in the fall season through the December quarter. So I think it’s – while it’s not an even ratable decrease each quarter, I think it’s reflective of the topper sales environment we saw beginning May 1st on through the summer and into the fall.
Bill Wheat: We really haven’t seen much change in our activity there. We had total recourse expense in our financial services operation of $1.8 million during the quarter. Our total reserve balance for – on the mortgage company is $36.2 million, which was slightly down couple million dollars from the previous quarter. So really we haven’t seen much change in the activity at all, but that’s something that is continually evolving. It’s difficult to know what impact some of these bank settlements and interplay between the banks and Fannie and Freddie may be. But it’s something that we’re in touch with on a regular basis, and we’re monitoring and we will react as needed [ph].
Bill Wheat: The largest concentrations would be in California, Illinois, Florida, Arizona, New Jersey and then Texas, in descending order of proportion.
Bill Wheat: I think as a combination of both things, clearly there is a finite amount of completed loss, and we obviously a finite number of completed lots in the core markets. And so as a result, as the builders queue-up those finished loss, then we’re having to go out to the next concentric circle and look for those loss, as well as clearly as the supply is diminishing, the sellers, whether they be banks or whether they be individuals, are asking slightly higher prices. So it’s a combination of those things in addition to trying to provide clearly the buyer with the most competitive priced value in the marketplace for maybe a little bit better drive and more difficult to qualify if we can offer them also the lesser price, same quality, then we’re going to do that.
Bill Wheat: Alex, I think it’s primarily some margin compression and some sales pace that we saw in the quarter. It’s a kind of a sensitive relationship. When you see margins drop, you would expect to see that the watch list improve or the watch list increase.
Bill Wheat: These aren’t blind moves. I mean, these – we're evaluating each one of those. And as Don has said several times, we are only going to do the deals that makes sense. And it makes sense if there is demand, if there is the potential to get good returns in those communities.
Bill Wheat: I’ll start on the DTA discussion. Clearly we need a consistent trend and expectations of profitability. So, to the extent that we do have two years of profitability, we can have some very good discussions with our auditors about the DTA and the recoverability of it. So we would expect if we have a profitable year in 2011 that we would have some discussions around it. Exactly when that timing would be, would be dependent on the level of profitability we have and our expectations for the level of profitability going forward relative to the size of the DTA. So clearly, a profitable ’11 would be good news for the DTA recoverability.
Bill Wheat: And just so we don’t get caught up in a discussion around the BPs and the exact percentages, the 18% to 20% that DT was mentioning is for interest number. So that’s where our divisions are focused on before interest and then ultimately then they factor into based on the timeframe of the deal the ultimate charges that they will incur on their capital.
Bill Wheat: In terms of the year-over-year comp versus last year, we did see improvement each month through the quarter. But in terms of the absolute level of sales that we saw, we did not see increase during the quarter. And we would not have expected to see sequential absolute improvement each month. Seasonally, we always would expect to see declines from the month of October to November to December, and then you start to begin to see that absolute level of volume turnaround in January through the spring.
Stacey Dwyer: Just one more piece of color around the specs, last year at this time, we were running at 63% spec. So we were definitely anticipating some increased demand from the tax credit. This year we’re at 55%. So you are seeing us keep that a little bit lower.
Stacey Dwyer: When we look at our land cost as a percentage of our revenue, they are not different at all in terms of the sequential or year-over-year comparisons. I don’t really think it’s the land costs that’s going through the cost of sales that’s impacting the margin right now.
Stacey Dwyer: The tighter mortgage lending standards is really just a continuation of everything we’ve seen throughout the downturn. Banks are getting a lot of pushback right now from Fannie and Freddie. And since we don’t bank our mortgages, we basically are using the underwriting standards that are given to us by the banks who will take our mortgages. And so I wouldn’t say there is anything significant that’s changed recently or that we see going into spring. But compared to the easy credit that was available when we were seeing the rise in prices and a really strong demand, it’s a tighter mortgage environment. And that still remains our number one reason for cancellation right now.
Stacey Dwyer: It will be depending on opportunities, Jonathan, and really our absolute levels that we end up opening is probably going to be somewhat dependent on the level of demand we do see and the need to replenish and continue to expand our communities.
Stacey Dwyer: Right. We check our latest 12-month sales for each of the last years ended December. And compare that to the national new home sales numbers that were reported.
Stacey Dwyer: Yes. The percentages have actually bounced around if you go back. If you go back to 2004, we were 3.9% in the market and now at 5.8% in 2010. That’s still a significant increase. Do we expect to keep all of the gains that we’ve achieved? In certain markets, we probably can hang on to those. In other markets, as credit becomes more available to the private builders and as the luxury and move-out segments of the market where we focus a little less come back, we may give up some of those market share gains. Right now, it continues to be a market share gain for us in the (inaudible), which is the most active buyer segment.
Stacey Dwyer: In terms of a year-over-year comp, we probably will continue to see declines in our backlog conversion rate. When the tax credits were not in effect and going back a little bit historically, 55% to 70% conversion rate is very normal for us. Now, with higher level of specs going into the second quarter, depending on the sales that we see and the timing of those sales, because the mortgage qualification process is now almost a minimum of 30 days. And then we have inventory that’s available that could help that conversion rate. But in terms of cheating the conversion rates we did last year with the deadlines in place that people had to close by to get tax credits. You probably won’t see the same conversions.
Stacey Dwyer: We have the cancellation rate at 28%. It’s primarily going to be qualification. I didn’t hear anything specifically from our mortgage company or division in terms of any other cancellations being rising interest rates.
Stacey Dwyer: And we continue to have good dialogue with all of our vendors across all the product categories. And the consistent thing is everyone would like to reach their process. We would low to be able to accept those price increases, but right now in a depressed sales environment where we’ve seen very low volumes in 2010 unless repeat some list in 2011, we’re going to be at the negotiating table still with our vendors trying to keep those products, they are all over.
Stacey Dwyer: Probably on average, nothing is significant. There will be certain categories that will move, both up and down. And our goal is to balance that and to continue to keep our costs relatively flat.
Stacey Dwyer: The other factor that got it in there to those, how we allocate our tough-to-capital tier division. So if they are doing a rolling lot option contract, that is their lowest cost of capital allocation. If they are buying land that requires full development or some level of development, that’s a higher risk business. We assign a higher cost of capital to that. It gets factored into the gross profit margin that we are looking at. So in terms of the return on our capital, we’re looking for a higher return, given the higher risk. But the risk is really the land ownership and not the market, because if we do a option deal in a market, we can always walk away from that restructure of the deal. If we own it outright, we can’t do that.
David Goldberg: First question, I know you’ve talked about it, I mean (inaudible), but I was wondering if you could give us – when you talk about the traffic that you are seeing in that – kind of see now in the field today, is there a way to think about the quality of that traffic? I know we’ve talked a lot about underwriting standards and tighter underwriting stands, and I’m wondering if the people that are in our communities with folks that can qualify to buy homes in the end or if it’s just kind of people that are attracted by affordability. And might be tougher to convert in the selling season.
David Goldberg: Well, first of all, I will say to you that just having a unit of traffic show up is a good thing, whether they can qualify or not. Secondly though, if you do have a unit of traffic, it shows up that can’t qualify. One of the things that our mortgage companies doing an extraordinary job, and that is we’re recruiting those buyers into our homebuyers and helping them work their way through the financial morales of how do I improve my credit. And we’re graduating a lot of those buyers and they are – about 80% of them are ADR (inaudible) homes. So I would say to you, we loved our unit of traffic. That’s well qualified. And if it’s not we’re willing to work with them to help them get qualified. And then maybe a three-month process and maybe a six-month process, but we are graduating those people and selling 80% of them at D.R. Horton.
David Goldberg: My follow-up question was actually and maybe a little bit of a follow-up on one of the earlier questions. I know you said change your underwriting standards based on geography. Do you change them on based on outlook? In orders, if you are maybe more or less pessimistic as you look forward, is it impacting your underwriting standards in a market=-specific area.
