Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Donna, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q this week. After this call, we will post updated supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News & Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes data on our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margin, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. We'll have our detail on our gross margin, historically as we always do in our supplementary data, and what you'll see in that is in terms of the true just lot level prior to interest, property tax, warranty and lit, and those types of charges, our margin has been very, very steady. On a year-over-year basis, it was down about 20 basis points in that case, and that really is just driven by slightly higher land costs, which we have been talking about. So in terms of our stick and brick costs, our revenues have been covering that. They did on a year-over-year basis, and sequentially they were essentially on top of our cost increase. So we continue to see a very consistent gross margin, and then we did refer to the higher litigation costs, and that is – we've had that for a couple of quarters now, and that's why we continue to reiterate our 19% to 21% gross margin guide, as kind of our broader range outside of around 20%, because we do have some variability to some of those charges, and every once in a while it fluctuates a little bit.
Jessica Hansen: We're going to shift our mix to where the market is, but we do want to maintain broad product offerings, regardless of cycle. It's just in terms of what percentage goes to what brand, it's going to vary depending on where we're at in the cycle, but we do plan to maintain an Emerald presence, and ultimately grow that business as well. And there'll be a time where the move-up buyer is back and very strong in that market, and we want to have that platform and that ability to deliver those higher end homes as well. The greater than $500,000 mark that we talk about, Carl, that is a mix. There is a lot of Emerald in that, but there is also some Horton products that falls into that price point as well. So in our supplementary data we give both a brand stratification and a price point stratification where you can see both of those mixes, and what that looks like for a trailing eight quarters.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah. We'll probably be closer to a quarter, just because it is a little bit slower as David mentioned versus a third we'd originally talked about. But we're very happy with our progress and expect that 15 markets to continue to grow as we move throughout 2018.
Jessica Hansen: John, we did see for the first time this quarter, our community count tick up ever so slightly on a year-over-year basis, and I think, the second quarter in a row, it went up sequentially. So we've kind of hit that inflection point that we've been expecting to come, in the back half of the year. We wouldn't expect it to grow significantly in 2018, but I think, a low, probably no higher than mid-single-digit range, maybe by the time, we get to the end of 2018. So continued improvement and absorption, supplemented by a little bit of community count growth next year.
Jessica Hansen: Ken, I do you think you hear other builders talk to seasonality in their gross margins as well, which I don't know, if that's playing into their commentary for the back-half of the year. But we don't have fixed costs in our gross margin. And so we don't experience that kind of seasonality in the back-half of the year.
Jessica Hansen: Yes. Steve, you stated that dead-on, our Express gross margin has been better than we originally anticipated when we launched the brand in the spring of 2014, and it's right in line with our company average, and we really don't see anything today that would anticipate that changing as we move throughout fiscal 2018.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Sue. We haven't seen any significant moves in our raw material cost inputs, I know lumber's been the headline. Out there it really – it has been a lot of headline noise. We've seen a slight tick up in our lumber costs year-to-date, but nothing significant, and we clearly offset that in terms of our revenues offsetting our stick and brick costs. So we're really not seeing any noticeable changes in any of our raw material costs at this point.
Jessica Hansen: So we don't give specific guidance on ASP or community count really. I mean, we end up talking about it, because obviously you guys want to hear about that. So we do talk about it directionally, but no specific guidance for a reason, because those are two of the hardest for us to predict. ASP being very much market-driven and coupled with a lot of mix impacts that we have had going on that you already referenced, Mike. So we continue to expect our ASP to be around flat. In reality, it continue to creep up at a low-single-digit percentage here for the last year or two. So we'll see as we move throughout 2018, but once again, not really expecting a whole lot of movement on the ASP front.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, we saw our lot cost at the beginning of the year, it'd be up a high-single-digit percentage. Now that we've moved into the back half of the year, that's moderated a bit, and this quarter on a year-over-year basis was up a mid-single-digit percentage. So we would expect in 2018 to continue to have an increase in our lot costs, but hopefully it maintains that mid-single-digit range that we're at today or you know trends down just ever so slightly to a low-single-digit.
David V. Auld: In closing, our third quarter and year-to-date growth in sales, closings and profits is a result of the strength of our people and operating platform. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and continue to expand our industry-leading market share. We have been the largest builder in the United States for 15 consecutive years. According to Builder magazine's recent Local Leader issue, in 2016, we were the number one builder in four of the top five U.S. housing markets, and we believe, we will be the number one in all five of those markets in 2017. Also, in 2016, we were a top five builder in 28 of the top 50 largest housing markets. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pre-tax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while continuing to generate annual positive operating cash flows and improved returns. We're well-positioned to do so, with our solid balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offering across our D.R. Horton, Emerald, Express and Freedom brands, attractive finished lot and land position, and most importantly, our outstanding team across the country. We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their focus and hard work. We look forward to finishing this year strong and to continue growing and improving our operations together in 2018. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David V. Auld: We're investing to hit a 10% to 15% increase year-over-year-over-year. So it's – we have a plan, we're trying to be very discipline with that plan, maximizing returns as we continue to grow at this rate.
David V. Auld: Right now, it feels pretty firm. We monitor week-to-week, we're hitting targets week-to-week. Feel very good about the fourth quarter, the way it's setting up right now. We don't control what other builders do. We're not going to force sales just to have one quarter look better than the market's going to give us. But again, we're managing this in long-term. We're very interested in how we're setting up for 2018 right now, but feel very good about fourth quarter, both sales and deliveries.
David V. Auld: Southwest, really has been driven by our Phoenix operation. I think, we've talked over the last couple of quarters, we've been repositioning at Phoenix, pushing down a price point, realigning management, that's paying off. They are taking market share at a torrid pace right now. And the reality is that, they're improving their margin as they're doing it, so we feel very, very good about the Southwest. As far as the East and Florida, that's really just getting flags online, market's very good, been very good. Florida market's very difficult to get flags up, and get lots in front of you, and our operators out there have done a great job positioning...
David V. Auld: ...taking some of the pressure off, the market's been carrying for all these years, let's focus little more on margin there.
David V. Auld: We ask our operators to get better every day, make it a little easier to build houses in the field and sell houses in the sales offices. And if we keep doing...
David V. Auld: Bob, it's David. We're very excited and very happy with the Freedom rollout. Positioning that product, it takes a little bit longer than the typical Express or Horton project, because there are certain zoning requirements that make it a better deal that take a little longer. The rollout, I think, we're 15 markets. We're starting to see it impact to a minimal extent right now on our closings, but I think over the next couple of years, it's going to be a very significant part of what we do. I think we've been guiding to a third to a quarter of our markets that rolled out. But...
David V. Auld: Probably start accelerating at some point because we do have a lot in pipeline that we're trying to get to market. Very excited though. It's going to be a – well, never mind, I'm not going to say the word.
David V. Auld: This time of year in the market, I don't know, the accelerating part. I will say, it's very consistent market. It's week-to-week, flag-to-flag, it's just kind of almost boring, it's so consistent. It's a great market for people that can operate efficiently and put good value in front of buyers, and we're seeing the benefit of that.
David V. Auld: No, I don't think that's – certainly not or we're going to have not sell houses when people want to buy them, that's not going to be the case. I will say, if we have an opportunity to stay on pace and increase margin, we're going to do that. So if in fact, we do see some kind of acceleration, we will take a little margin and we will take a little bit more pace. The end goal for every flag is to maximize a return we make on that investment, and if that means tweak in margin, then we'll tweak margin; if that means tweak in pace, we'll tweak pace. It's good times for us.
David V. Auld: Yeah. And that's not tongue-in-cheek, that is our operating platform and thought process. We set these communities to hit a certain absorption target, and we adjust margin to maximize the return at that target. And that's why we're so consistent on our deliveries. And first of all, we're able to build houses on a – without expanding our bill cycles. I mean, it does a lot of good things for us.
David V. Auld: Clearly depends on what the market does. Right now, very consistent margins, very consistent absorptions, we've got a good balance as we – the other builders that were seeing this acceleration are correct, and yeah, I would say, we're going to see some margin expansion. I'm just telling you, right now, what we're seeing is a very solid, very consistent high-demand, low-inventory market that feels like it's going to continue.
David V. Auld: Texas is a very, very good market for us. We benefit from being incredibly well-positioned, I think, we're the top builder in every market in Texas. And just great execution combined with solid demand and tight, tight inventories. No, we love Texas.
David V. Auld: Yeah, the key to the Express brand is affordability and making the – keeping that very broad customer segment where the most people can buy the most house. And so, the pricing power is probably higher or greater than where we have pushed pricing in Express because we are very sensitive to maintaining a very affordable product. Those buyers typically are not the most sophisticated, and you can make kind of a slow conveyor – presentation with them, but at the end of the day, we're selling houses to people that we want to sell the second, third and fourth house. We want it to be a great investment for them, and we want to give them a great house. So that's a long way of saying, yes, there's probably pricing power there. But as long as we can maintain the margins we're making and absorptions we're making, and retain a very affordable, very well built house, we lack that model. We lack what it's doing for our returns.
David V. Auld: If we're – we will find out what happens as time goes on. I can tell you the way we are believing, it's going to take place right now is, the Freedom will come in at a little lower absorption than the Express program, but we think, we can get a little bit more margin there, so the returns are going to be equivalent to that push to 20% we're trying to get to, and it's – right now, we're seeing very, very strong demand. Part of it is, it's just nothing else – nothing else in the market like it. It's just been harder to roll it out than we really kind of thought it would, because of zoning requirements, and really city approvals and things. But we're very excited about it. I think, it's going to be great.
David V. Auld: Thank you, Donna. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today, and look forward to speaking with you again in November, to share what we think is going to be a great year-end. And to the Horton family, thank you for yet another strong quarter, and an outstanding execution in 2017 . It is an honor to be here, and I appreciate everything you did. Thank you.
Bill W. Wheat: We certainly like our position, we're in a flexible opportunistic position as we look at each year and look at our business plans, which we'll be spending a lot of time on that with our operators over the next couple of months, preparing, putting the kind of final touches on being prepared for fiscal 2018. We will look at where we feel like our cash flow will be, we'll look at our opportunities to invest. And then from there determine further actions with our cash, whether we take our debt down further or replace it, how much we do in terms of dividends and share repurchase, and then obviously further opportunities to invest in the business, including acquisitions...
Bill W. Wheat: ...we do have the purchase price of Forestar, which we would expect to be paid in Q1 of fiscal 2018 of around $560 million, so certainly that's a use of cash that we'll be looking at closely. We don't have a target debt level, we like being flexible, we're certainly – if we feel like that's the best decision for utilizing our cash is to continue to reduce our debt, we certainly will.
Bill W. Wheat: We're going to spend on land and development at a level, so that we maintain our lot portfolio at a similar level through the day, we do expect to continue to try to get more efficient with what we own, as we continue to grow our option position, but we would expect all things considered, if our revenues are expected to grow at 10% to 15%, we would expect our land spend to grow accordingly to just keep the lot pipeline sufficient for that growth.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah, Mike. And in terms of the guidance to 11.5%, that is the right way to think about it. We continue to guide, and have seen very stable gross margins, and then continue to leverage SG&A a bit. And at this early day here in July, talking about the full fiscal year 2018, we do feel like we can squeeze out a little bit, so guiding to 11.5%, a slight improvement is where we feel comfortable today. As we get closer, and as we get into 2018, if we feel like we've got more opportunity, we will certainly adjust our guidance there as well. But within – certainly then, beyond the next quarter, and as we look to where we are as a business, we feel really good, and you're kind of in the middle of our normal operating margin range at about 20%, historically 19% to 21% is kind of in a range, and we've been at a very steady level, kind of in the middle of this range, really for the last couple of years. And we feel like that's still where the business is today, and then as we grow our volume, certainly the biggest driver of our earnings growth is going to come from our top line growth, growing at 10% to 15%. And to the extent that the market gives us a bit on the gross margin, we're certainly going to take it, and then we're certainly going to continue to try to drive a bit more operating margin from SG&A. But we're not projecting significant increases in operating margin, but certainly a continued consistent margin in order to improve it on the SG&A side.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah. Steve, we do see some more variability in items like warranty and litigation that we do in other components of our margin, but our guidance for next year is still kind of right down the middle of our historic range at around 20%, and there certainly could be some quarterly variability, as we've seen from time-to-time in those other areas, but we're not anticipating anything unusual, either positive or negative in terms of those other items. We do continue to see the benefit of a reduced debt with our interest charges and our margin continuing to be reduced, but at the same time, we do see cost pressures in the core business, especially on the lot side, right now, that we're absorbing a little bit as well. But again, we don't see significant volatility, and aren't embedding any significant volatility into our assumptions.
Bill W. Wheat: And Jay, you will see in our supplemental information that our average ASP on Express continues to tick up a little bit. That's more of a reflection of our geographic mix though, as we continue to roll Express out, and it continues to penetrate some of the higher-priced markets a little bit greater than it had been in prior quarters, but it's not – we obviously will move price somewhat, but we are continuing to stay very focused on affordability. And then, in terms of other builders in the entry level space, first time homebuyer space, certainly we're seeing other builders start to introduce new names, new brands, new communities out there, but as we've said for a long while, that market is pretty large, and there's a lot of demand from those entry level buyers today. So there's a lot of room for other participants to participate in that market, but we're still focused on penetrating that and gaining as much market share as we can there because we feel like there's still a lot of demand and very little supply to that entry level buyer.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah. Thanks, Jack. We have had an authorization outstanding for quite some time on share repurchases. Actually – and we've talked about potentially starting to repurchase shares to offset dilution, actually this quarter was the first quarter in which we've actually repurchased any shares under that authorization. So, it was a step forward for us into an era of beginning to start to offset our dilution from our share creep. And we would expect to continue to at least partially offset that dilution, we – our board did increase our authorization to a $200 million level effective for the next year; that is an increase from the prior-year authorization of $100 million. So certainly as the business is growing, as our profits grow, as we continue to expect strong cash flow generation, we do expect to continue to be able to repurchase shares within that authorization going forward. So, yes, we are saying a little bit more about it because we've actually repurchased some shares this quarter.
Bill W. Wheat: And then, Alex, in terms of the leverage, we do lock our flexible opportunistic position we're in today, as we look at opportunities to invest in the business; we just try to balance that with where we want to keep our liquidity. And to the extent that we have capital available to continue to reduce debt, we certainly will. But if we see enough opportunities to invest in the business that we need to replace the debt, and not reduce it further, then we'll do that as well. So we certainly like our position, willing to take the debt lower if need be and the cash flow is available, but certainly, it's got us in a really strong position to be able to really take advantage of opportunities as we see them in the marketplace.
Michael J. Murray: I think, Alan, we have done a great job, our team has done a phenomenal job increasing the optioned lot position in line with the strategy we have. But we don't see an acceleration beyond the 10% to 15%, we're looking for next year. Even though, that lot supply is coming up, and we've got a two-year cash back return hurdle, we talked about; we look upon that as capital invested in land and lots, plus the margin we achieve on selling those homes goes back towards the capital reduction and how we reclaim that initial capital commitment. So projects, we're buying certainly have durations longer than two years.
Michael J. Murray: And the inventory position we have on the ground and coming out of the ground right now. Feeling good about getting set up for the first and second quarters of 2018.
Michael J. Murray: Thanks, Bob. There's always a little more in SG&A, and really, our focus is just to continue to watch everything that we do. We certainly want to make sure we have an infrastructure to support growth, but just to watch everything that we spend, watch every ad that we make, every hire that we make to make sure that's absolutely needed. And then, if we're doing that, while we're growing the business at 10% to 15%, we would expect to continue to squeeze out a little bit more out of SG&A, whether that's 10 basis points or 30 basis points, it may fluctuate a bit, but we would expect to continue to push it down a little bit further as we go in 2018.
Michael J. Murray: Michael, this is Mike. We will continue to have direct relationships from D.R. Horton to our land development partners that we have across the country today and look to grow those relationships. In addition, we will continue to maintain a level of land purchasing at D.R. Horton and development. We see Forestar as being very helpful in us and not having to increase our development activities as we continue to grow the business. As we continue to see double-digit growth year-over-year, that calls for more and more lots to be needed by the builders to start houses on. We'd like to maintain our current development activities at a consistent level to where we are today, which is about half of our current level of development. But as we move forward and grow, grow more of our future home deliveries off of lots developed by others, whether they are third-party developers or whether they are projects that Forestar puts on the ground for the homebuilder. So we Forestar as an important part of land and lot strategy going forward, but it's another supplement to the relationships we've built with land developers across the country and we'll continue to invest in those relationships moving forward.
Michael J. Murray: And the expectations we're putting out there kind of reflect the increased lot costs that we've seen coming through in some of the closing, that's kind of an outcropping of our land and lot strategy is to try to buy more lots finished, see that come through and is helping us to drive our returns up, our homebuilding pre-tax return on inventory has improved 200 basis points over the past 12 months, and that's been very helpful for us.
Michael J. Murray: The Midwest segment's a pretty small region for us, some of those markets, we have reworked a little bit of the management leadership in one of those markets, and we feel pretty good about where that team is going to be positioned in 2018 and 2019. So, I think we're going to see some improvements in those markets. They've been pretty consistent, they're just like a lot of other places, fairly supply constraint. Chicago market, still a little slow, seems to be little slow coming out compared to the balance of the country, but the other markets, I think we'll see some good things in 2018 and 2019.
Michael J. Murray: I'll take the second question first, Alex. Thank you very much for your comments. We've heard some of the rumblings about that as well, probably just rumors or articles written here and there. We've not really explored the build out of a community for ourselves as a full rental community. We've had great demand selling houses, and generally, we prefer to sell them, and it's more capital-efficient for us, and that's the way it has historically worked for us. We'll see how they do with the full on rental communities – we do see it's something that can make good business sense for us to bring our building platform to bear, community development expertise to bear in developing a rental community, maybe that's something we will pursue. But at this point, we have no immediate plans to pursue that.
