Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Tom, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2022 financial results. Before we get started, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different.  All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, all of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-K towards the end of next week. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: And as our production got further along as well, we felt more comfortable loosening up a lot of the sales restrictions you've heard us talk about. Even though we're continuing to sell later in the process, with some negligible improvement on our cycle times, but getting further along in the construction cycles, we have more homes available for sale going into Q1 than we've had.
Jessica Hansen: And a lot of our guide is coming from what we know we're going to put into the market in terms of when we're opening new communities or new phases, we can reset our base pricing that way. And than so we do expect our ASP to shift down throughout the year. But as Paul mentioned, to date, it's been more heavily incentivized than it has been base price cuts.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Mike. So builders report those things separately or differently, I should say. So broker commissions for us are actually in gross margin. So that is contemplated as one of the increased incentives in our gross margin guide and not an impact for us, particularly on SG&A.
Jessica Hansen: In terms of your impairment question, even with our guide for gross margins today, we're still projecting for our gross margins to remain at very healthy levels that would signify that we're a long way off from any sort of broad-based impairments. We're also in a completely different financial position mid-cycle to prior cycles, which allows us some flexibility in terms of how we look at the land that we have on our balance sheet and what we plan to do with it going forward.  That being said, we do expect there to be some impairments along the way in weaker submarkets. But right now, I don't expect anything broadly based in the near term.
Jessica Hansen: And as you know, we don't push or dictate that from a high level. It really is managed community by community, market by market so we can make sure we're maximizing our returns at the local level and then blend it overall.
Jessica Hansen: Yes. We typically have volatility month-to-month in our can rate throughout the quarter, so we don't give it specifically for the month. But anything for us above the, call it, low 20s, high teens to low 20s is elevated, and we certainly did not see any market improvement in October as compared to Q4.
David Auld: In closing, our results and position reflect our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to operate effectively in changing economic conditions and continuing to aggregate market share.  We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts during 2022 were remarkable. This was a year in which we faced construction and operational challenges we have never faced before with periods of unsustainably high demand, followed by historic rise in mortgage rates.  Despite these challenges and market volatility, we closed the most homes in a year in our company's history, completing our 21st year as the largest builder in the United States with record profit and returns, and we are well positioned to continue improving our operations and providing homeownership opportunities to more American families in 2023. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: And Stephen, even with product lines that we've been offering as a spec builder, we release certain houses every month. So when the market is running red hot like it was first half plus of last year. You have a tendency and release the bigger houses because your that dollar profit per house is higher.  Now when a price point becomes much more important to the buyers. We made the release, they go from the 2,300 square foot 2-story down to the 1,600 square foot ranch, which drops the overall ASP of the community without really changing the product or impacting valuations within the community.
David Auld: Carl, just -- we've talked about it, I think, for a while, but just the discipline in the industry today is it has translated into across-the-board slowdown in starts. And I think it will allow the trade base material suppliers to kind of get the feet under them.  And I've been accused of being overly optimistic at times, but I do think 2023 if the industry stays disciplined, we will get back into a situation where we can sell a house, now what it's going to go and what are we going to be able to deliver and that will be a good thing.
David Auld: And I'll just add, both when the market was accelerating and now at the center pause, we are very disciplined in how we approach every economic decision on the land side. It's all about creating optionality and efficiency of capital. And that's been our program, and it's going to continue to be our program.
David Auld: And we did suffer through extended bill cycle times. So the houses will be closing in Q1, our houses that were started and bear the cost of high lumber cost. And really trade shortages. So you've got the double whammy of high cost and a more normalized ASP.
David Auld: It depends on what the capital markets and interest rates do. I mean it's -- if we see stabilization in interest rates, I feel very optimistic about what we can do this year. if we continue to see 100 basis point increase quarter-to-quarter to quarter, I think it's going to be a very challenging year.
David Auld: Just from geographically, it's the same markets that are experienced in inflow of buyers. I mean, I think our relocate percentage relocation buyers picked up last quarter again -- there is -- it's -- the market is, I think, evolving maybe is the best word.  There is still a migration out of urban or out of urban into the suburbs. And there's still housing formation taking place that exceeds the supply of homes. It's easy to get caught up in the short term. Our goal here is to stay focused on the long term. And I can tell you, our efforts are in positioning for now Q2, Q3, Q4 and '24 and '25.  And so we're trying to stay out of the short-term reaction, but where do we want to be as this platform continues to develop, improve and get built out.
David Auld: And we treat our attempt to treat our development partners like they're part of the family. I mean, we're very transparent. They understand where we're headed and what our start pace is and what our expectations for that community is.  And coming out of the last downturn, we built relationships that are still existing today and our goals in every community, every division is to be kind of the favorite nation builder. And we are going to treat them better. So we really do believe in the transparency and consistency and audit and direct communication, and that's how you build relationships.
David Auld: Thank you, Tom. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our first quarter results in January. And finally, congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton family for another remarkable year. Stay humble, stay hungry, stay focused, go compete and win every day. Thank you.
Paul Romanowski: Stephen, looking into the first quarter, we are finishing the year with 46,000 homes in inventory and positioned for our goals as we look forward to the year and looking to maintain a similar balance as we work through the first quarter. So expect that our starts will keep pace with our closings through the first quarter.
Paul Romanowski: Carl, I don't know that we can get specific in terms of communities or by area. We are finding the market community by community and market by market. Those cuts on base have not been significant to this point. We have focused on financial incentives and interest rate and where needed to, we've been able to adjust price and find the market to drive additional traffic and sales.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, Eric. I think as we are out in the market with our trade partners and suppliers working to reduce cost to provide the best value we can to our homebuyers. And we provided the visibility into the first quarter with those gross margins.  What we're seeing which is encouraging early on in that isn't going to come through in homes to close for the next 6 to 9 months towards the end of the year. So we've still got the homes that we have in the ground with that cost structure -- but as we continue to find the market, we expect to see gross margins like we have guided to in the first quarter.
Paul Romanowski: Alan, we have certainly seen from that buyer base in the credit markets and their ability to borrow soften, but there's still plenty of buyers out there. Like our buyers on the homebuyer side, they're taking a bit of a pause in some cases, just to evaluate the market.  But we've got about 7,400 homes in production on the single-family for rent side, and that's from beginning to those that are complete. We still expect to see people in that market. Not everyone needs to be in the credit markets or borrowing to purchase. And our single-family rental communities tend to be on the lower end side relative to apartment sizes.  And so we still feel good about that business, but we certainly did see communities that we expected to be sold and closed in the fourth quarter pushed into the second quarter.So...
Paul Romanowski: Yes. And we have been very conservative on our underwriting. We are really looking at each of those communities as we would on the for-sale side. And so the performance we saw on the ones that we sold in the market a year ago and through the last year, were far outperformed our underwriting. And so we still feel good about the position in the active communities that we have, and we will adjust as the market adjusts in terms of that business on a go forward.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, Susan. We have been very proactive with our land sellers and development partners and realistic in terms of expectations with the market as it moves. So largely, they have the understanding and working with us to keep those deals alive where we can. To the extent that it just the underwriting doesn't make sense.  Then we're having to make the decisions that we are. And we will, if needs be, have to walk away from some of those options. But that's why we have the option contracts in place and have made that shift with our land strategy. But by and large, they are reading the headlines like everyone else and understanding of where the market is. They ultimately want to be in a position to move through those lots and so have been relatively well received and receptive to come to the Table Talk.
Bill Wheat: Yes. In terms of the completed specs, Steve, we're in a more normal position now with having some completed specs across more of our communities. That puts us in a good position to sell in the current environment given that buyers are concerned about what their interest rates are going to be. So if we have homes that are ready to move into quickly. They can lock their rates with confidence and close on a known schedule.
Bill Wheat: Well, really, we're just looking at our plans and what we're seeing right now week to week. We're already 5 weeks into our quarter. So we've got one month in the books. And as we just look at our pace that we're seeing right now and that we believe that that's where we're going to wind up.  There obviously seasonality, if you look at history, has been a little bit unusual in the last couple of years. And I think we're still in a little bit of an unusual time with what has happened with rates. But with our positioning across the board with our community count increasing, we feel like our order position in Q1 is in line with what we guided.
Bill Wheat: Yes, at this point, it's like-for-like. I mean, we're -- as we said, we're increasing incentives and then where necessary community by community, we're adjusting prices. And so I don't believe there's necessarily been a big change in mix yet. And so it's more likely from like-for-like.
Bill Wheat: It start with just looking -- taking a step back and looking at where interest rates were. At the end of the last quarter, mortgage rates were still in the low to mid-5s. And by the end of the quarter, they're in the high 6s.  And subsequent to the end of the quarter, they've now stepped into the 7s. And so we have been adjusting to reflect that. A lot of our incentives have been on the financing side with interest rate locks and buy downs to try to address the payment shock there from the interest rates. And that has increased sequentially through the quarter and has continued into October. So the levels have continued to increase.  We were focused on ensuring that we could close our backlog because we did have a lot of homes scheduled to close in September. And so we believe we did hold off on some price adjustments to ensure that we could close that backlog. And so price adjustments have started to fold in a little more commonly as we've stepped into Q1. So it's been a sequential increase along the way. And then what it will be going forward will depend largely on what happens with rates in the market and then our efforts to meet the market.  We are looking community by community to make adjustments in order to hit our sales pace and turn our inventory and maximize our returns. And so we're looking to find the market and find that pace community by community.
Bill Wheat: And in terms of SG&A overall, with our ASPs expected to come down with revenues down a bit. That's driving an expected increase in our SG&A as a percentage of revenues. We're coming off of all-time lows there and are still positioning ourselves to continue to gain market share.  And so with essentially SG&A spend staying relatively stable with the exception of variable SG&A that moves with revenues or with profitability, that's resulting in the expected increase from all-time lows to a little bit higher level as a percentage of revenues in Q1.
Bill Wheat: There's always some of those costs on both sides, Matt, and that can vary a bit depending on the nature of the incentives. But yes, both of our guides, the guidance for financial services margins going into Q1 as well as the guide for our gross margin on the homebuilding side reflect our anticipation for our level of incentives related to financing.
Bill Wheat: Alan, there's always a balance. We're always balancing what we're doing on pricing and incentives and what that results in margin versus pace and turning inventory to generate the best return. And so we'll be trying to strike that balance across all our communities throughout the year.  It's too early and too uncertain to know what the year may bring in terms of the macro environment in terms of rates, in terms of the general economy to know exactly what those decisions may need to be. And so that's why we're trying to provide as much color as we can around how we're looking at things, but in reality, we don't have really any specificity or visibility to what those conditions may be into the spring and in to '23 so in terms of where the line is on where margin or pricing might need to go or what we're willing to do to push pace. I think remains to be seen. We're going to be making those decisions day to day, week to week as we march forward here.
Bill Wheat: Our base business model is to sell the assets. That still generally will generate the best return. But we're going to make sure that we stay in a position from a capital perspective to be able to manage timing to manage a bit of a slower process, if necessary, due to some disruptions in the capital markets, which typically don't last that long. But we do want to make sure we stay in a flexible position to be able to manage timing when necessary.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Sue, we'll continue to take a balanced approach to it all. We're in a good, flexible position to be able to continue to provide returns to our shareholders, both in the terms of increased dividends and share repurchases. Obviously, we'll be adjusting in our business and how much we invest into land and to help home starts and into our rental business based on market conditions.  But at a base level, we do expect to generate an increase in our homebuilding cash from operations in fiscal 2023. And with that, that gives us even more flexibility to make those relative decisions, but continue with more of the same in terms of the balance and the consistency in the approach.
Michael Murray: In most of our communities across the country, Steve, we'll be able to start back smaller homes primarily and change specification levels in those homes. That we start -- have been starting in the most recent quarter and will be starting in the first quarter.  There are some communities that are a little more locked in on product and planned neighborhood phases that it may take 3 to 6 months to work through some changes in the product offerings. But by and large, most of our communities, those changes are starting today, and we'll continue to see that roll out through the next 6 to 9 months.
Michael Murray: Anecdotally, I was talking to a builder last week. He said he started a house in late August, and he's going to close it in December. So he was pretty excited about that. That's 1 story, 1 house out of a lot of houses.
Michael Murray: He was really excited about that. So I think we're making the right progress. We're starting to see a little bit of progress pick up in the numbers of October completions. We got a little bit of time back there. Getting all the way back to where we want to be pre-pandemic levels, it might be by the end of the year for the starts that we have later in the year that we're pushing It through, but we're going to make that progress this year.
Michael Murray: With the option write-off cost, as we evaluate projects at various decision points, we'll be working with various land sellers and developers and where we can't reach an agreement on our accommodation, we're not going to move forward with a bad deal. So if it doesn't make sense and what we expect the market conditions are or will be over the life of the project, that's the reason we have the option arrangement.  So we may have an increase in those costs, but we do take a pretty accurate look at those things, very realistic expectation, and we'll be very quick to move on those.
Michael Murray: So our approach to the single-family rental business is to build communities of traditional single-family homes. Rent those up and stabilization and then sell them to typically institutional owners of that sort of residential asset class. It's about $1.7 billion, I think, is our current investment in the single-family rental platform. We expect that's going to grow during '23.  Depending upon market conditions, probably not more growth than we had from the end of '21 to the end of '22, but we do expect growth in '23. And we still see that when we complete the homes and they go to market to lease, there's still good demand and people are needing a place to live, and they're choosing to live in these communities.
Michael Murray: And more of the issue, I think, Alan, related to a change in that buyer. They were -- just to say they were very excited would be an understatement to get their hands on the communities early in fiscal '22. We experienced some of the same construction delays in those products that we did in our single-family for sale business and we had expectations and buyer indications of interest willing to close on the projects prior to completion and prior to full stabilization. The markets come back and more normalized now and their expectation is that we get to a stabilized point before they're -- we're going to get a good valuation.
Michael Murray: We've seen still see a lot of traffic in our models. We still see people coming in looking to get into a home, a little more challenging with the affordability sometimes to get them qualified. But as we see stabilization in rates. And when we see periods when rates have stabilized and that demand is there, we're able to meet it.  We do see in our sales process is that we're selling the large majority of our homes passed a certain stage of construction, not just from our restriction of that sale, but from the buyer wanting certainty of what that interest rate payment can be within the lock window that can be afforded to them.  And so that's been important for us to accelerate the cycle times, have more inventoried later in the production process that we can deliver within the interest rate lock window.
