Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to our call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2014 financial results.  Before we get started today’s call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  For your convenience this morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-K within the next week. Also after the conclusion of our call we will be posting some supplementary historical data that is not readily available on our public filings on the Investor Relations section of our website for your reference. Now I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: And as a reminder Steve about 70 to 80% of our closings each quarter are specs. So when you're looking at our reported gross margin that's essentially a spec gross margin. 
Jessica Hansen: We're not actually disclosing absolute community count but we are giving you two years of historical data of what our community counts done in percentage terms at a regional level. 
Jessica Hansen: David, we are pretty much down on the 50-50 on our finished lot position and we have made good progress on our overall owned position but we are still not there. We’re about 68% owned, 32% options so we are headed in the right direction to get to that 50-50 split that David mentioned.
Jessica Hansen: Sure Eric. Our land cost has remained relatively flat as a component of the overall cost going into our house. We called out some of the other things that did impact our margin this quarter but land remained relatively flat.
Jessica Hansen: Nishu that shows that we get for given more than we normally do on a monthly basis. But we wanted to give a little bit of color but as we always have said a month does not make a quarter. So we're letting you know that our October sale phase was strong and we feel good with what we've seen thus far even though we're only 11 days into November and greater than 20% in October. As David said earlier we're on plan to deliver what is in our business plan and you'll have to wait till January to see what we deliver for the quarter.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Jade and we only have that data from the buyers that use our mortgage company which is about 50% of our buyers this quarter roughly and we were at 39% first time homebuyers for the quarter.
Jessica Hansen: In terms of the biggest issue Megan really anything we tell you is going to primarily anecdotal but we do hear DTI is one of the bigger categories that our buyers struggle with today which is why Express we feel has been very positive for us. We can’t control our buyers debt level but we can control the sales price of the houses we are selling and so if we can help with that piece of the debt to income metric we have seen a lot of success on that front.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Alex. As we said for the quarter that Express is 10% of our home sales and 6% of our closing. For the full fiscal year it was 7% of our home sales and 5% of our closings and we don’t have any set targets for where that’s going to go in fiscal 2015 but we would continue to expect we would continue to expect to ramp-up our community openings in ’15 and have the sales and closings follow. We have talked about over the next few years we think Express could be everywhere from 25% to 30% of our unit.
Bill Wheat: The value of our net sales orders in the fourth quarter increased 41% from the year ago quarter to $2 billion and homes sold increased 38% to 7,135 homes on a 10% increase in average active selling communities. Our average sales price on net sales orders in the fourth quarter increased 2% to $281,700. The cancellation rate for the quarter was 28%, down from 31% in the year ago quarter. The value of our backlog increased 29% from a year ago to $2.9 billion with an average sales price per home of $289,100 and homes in backlog increased 21% to 9,888 homes. Our backlog conversion rate for the fourth quarter was 76%. We expect backlog conversion rate for the first quarter of fiscal 2015 to be around 75%, which is higher than our long-term first quarter average. We also expect our home closings for the full year of fiscal 2015 to increase 20% to 30% compared to fiscal 2014 based on the current relatively stable housing market conditions. Please note that percentage changes in our average active community counts and our quarterly net sales orders by region for fiscal 2013 and ‘14 will be included in the supplementary data we referenced earlier which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website after this call. Jessica.
Bill Wheat: Clearly with the Express we are providing a tremendous value to the buyer in the marketplace today and so we are not seeing a significant level of incentives across the board in Express. Community by community we are going to manage to what that market is but within Express we are seeing from market acceptance and a buyer that’s been underserved.
Bill Wheat: In terms of community count growth we actually expect the increase in our community count we’re at 10% this quarter we expect that to moderate in to 2015 and we could be relatively flat on year-over-year basis for the whole year. Any increases would be more in the mid to single digit range but clearly our expectation, as we have shown in the last couple of quarters is for improvement in our absorptions per community and that’s really what we plan to drive the 20% to 30% increase in our closings next year. 
Bill Wheat: And flat even cash flow this next year would be an improvement of $660 million. So that would be a substantial improvement but I think specifically I think we're pretty close to that inflection point.
Bill Wheat: Well Bob the charges we took this quarter were primarily in our Washington D C area. We had a couple of long lived old projects that we had for a quite well that were inactive and we evaluated the market and had some opportunities to sell those projects and so we're looking to move forward with those, redeploy that capital. We’ve consistently been working through our older land positions, bringing most of it into production in our home building operations and most of that not requiring an impairment charge when it comes into operations.  So looking forward we're going to continue to evaluate all these projects in the market that we're in and look to make that capital work for the company as quickly as we can. When we do elect to sell something, when that's the best option for us, that has traditionally produced the bigger impairment charges and hard to predict when or if those things will be occurring.Robert Wetenhall – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, that's helpful and I think it's for Bill. You guys had a very robust balance sheet, net debt to home buildings in the mid 30's. You're obviously trying to drive better financial performance with 20% ROI inventory. What's the goal? How should we think about the balance sheet in the context of land spend is going to continue next year. Looks like you might burn a little cash as you grow the business. What's your target for net home building debt-to-capital? Thanks and good luck.
Bill Wheat: You bet. Thanks, Bob. From a net debt-to-cap we've consistently said we wanted to stay out or below 40% to 45% range. Clearly we're bit below that right now and we're comfortable in the mid 30's as well and really so as long as we are in a good solid position we have flexibility. Right now our first priority as we look at our business, look at the opportunities in the marketplace to generate returns in our business and that’s going to be the first priority for our investments of capital.  With that being said we feel like we are in a great position in our land position. So we are not having to grow that position significantly right now. So right now in terms of land and development expectations, spending expectations for fiscal ’15 we would expect that to be relatively flat with fiscal ’14, right now but that will depend also then ultimately on what we see in the sales environment in the spring, if things are much stronger than we expect in the spring we might expect -- we might wind up investing more than we did in fiscal ’14 but conversely if you go the other way as well.  So first and foremost we are going to look at the business. Secondly, we will continue to handle our debt obligations as we move forward and continue to pay the dividend.
Bill Wheat: Yes in total we are certainly pleased with where we are and what we are seeing overall but again we don’t necessarily manage it at a global level. We’re going to manage at each community. So we have some communities where we may be cutting back on incentives because we are exceeding our absorption targets, some might be right on track, some might be a little short. So we are going to increase incentives. So but in total absolutely a 38% increase we feel like the aggregate result is definitely in line with where we want to be.
Bill Wheat: Nishu, first of all definitionally that 20% is a fully loaded number at that community level. So we look at our project pro formas and performances on a fully burdened basis to drive that 20% average pre-tax return on the inventory investment in that community. So that will translate up as a goal to the total. Obviously we're not there yet. We’re little over 11% on a consolidated basis, including any impairments we've taken but to get all the way to 20% on a consolidated basis, I don't have a timeline for when it's going to be there? But that is what we're pushing the bar too and that's what we're measuring ourselves against internally. 
David Auld: In closing our fourth quarter and 2014 growth in sales, closings and profits in relatively stable market is a result of the strength of our operating platform and we are excited about our opportunities ahead. This quarter, the value of our sales and closings increased by 41% and 33% respectively and we generated another solid quarter of profitability with consolidated pretax income of $250.8 million on $2.5 billion of revenue. For the year, the value of our sales closings and backlog increased by 27%, 30% and 29% respectively and consolidated pretax income increased 24% to $814.2 million on $8 billion of revenue. We also made considerable progress this year toward our long-term goal of producing positive cash flow from operations. Whilst still growing the business our cash used in operations of $661 million improved by $570 million from last year's level and we expect further substantial progress in our cash flow performance in 2015.  We remained focused on growing both our revenues and pre-tax profit at a double-digit pace while improving our cash flows and increasing our returns. We are well positioned to do this with our solid balance sheet, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our three brands, attractive finish lots and land position and most importantly our tremendous operational team across the country. I would like to thank all of our employees for their continued hard work and accomplishments this year and we look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations to make 2015 an even better year. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: Steve it’s David. The market we find the market to be relatively stable and in fact we had significant pricing power last year in Q1, Q2 we saw that slide down, increased incentives but really just back to normal market type conditions and right now we feel pretty good about kind of where we are in the market and what’s taken place out there. 
David Auld: Have not really seen significant competition out in the market from other builders on the spec build program. That has always been what we've done. We've always tried to look at the next quarter out and align ourselves for what we believe demand will be based upon what we're seeing that day. Spec building is a good consistent way to manage communities and drive absorption that's just something we've always done. 
David Auld: Well I can tell you our model, our thought process us we're going to grow every brand. Now the Express brand is going to grow faster because we're introducing a new product into an underserved market across the country and there is a tremendous amount of pent-up demand that we're picking up with that brand. We're not growing Express at the expense of Horton. The Horton brand will continue to grow and the Emerald brand really were just rolling out still. I mean it's got a lot upside.
David Auld: Thank you. This is David, Michael. I think the Express is certainly a factor in it and regional growth is also a factor. We’re very strongly positioned right now in Texas and Carolinas and Florida and those are growth markets. And so we expect to do well or better there than we have in the past and Express as we continue to roll that out we are seeing high unit absorptions there. So it’s -- that’s why we think overall we’ll see pricing power in certain markets but the Express brand at that price point as it grows and becomes a bigger percentage is going to keep our average sales price pretty much flat and we think that’s a good thing.
David Auld: And clearly with Express driving much high absorptions in volume but slightly lower on a gross margin side but as it grows to a bigger mix of our overall business that’s the primary driver for us moderating back to our normal gross margin range of around 20%.
David Auld: Well, I'm probably going to get in trouble for this but that is my expectation. If we do not, because we're more efficient, we do have great operators out there, the launch of the Emerald, Express that we've been through the last couple of years, we did have to build some infrastructure and ramp up and I have told all these guys and all the people out there in the field that our expectation is to leverage that position and become more efficient. So that is my expectation. The accounts are going to disagree with me.
David Auld: I think right now we expect to be relatively flat this year. If the market remains stable or even gives us a little bit more we could beat that.
David Auld: Yes.Adam Rudiger – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. Second question was there has been some speculation or percolation, I guess on Texas and oil prices and things like that. I was wondering if you had any comments you wanted to share on what you've been seeing recently. I know it's pretty early but just any thoughts there would be helpful.
David Auld: Texas remains strong for us. I think if oil prices stay down it could soften somewhat but any softening we see in Texas, I think low oil prices should create additional demand in the other markets. So we're Texas based but we're significant in really every market in the country that we want to be in. So it's pretty good balanced for us. Could actually be beneficial.
David Auld: Well David, I kind of always keep saying this and it gets monotonous but it really does come down to specific demand or expected demand within a community within a sub-market within a division and we build these models for these programs based on our position in that community and what kind of demand or absorption we think it will give us at the margin we want to make. And so from a very simplistic standpoint and it varies throughout the year but we generally like to have about three months of sales at three various stages of inventory coming out of the ground.  So if it’s a community doing till a month that will be carrying six packs in that community, two completed, two at frame and two at slab. And then sale into that inventory, supplement sales with build out. As you go community by community and add it all up that’s how we get to the numbers we get into. 
David Auld: I think on the leverage side I mean when there was nobody out there developing lots we -- and there were finished lots on the ground, that we could buy at very advantageous prices we ended with a lot of owned lots and one of the prior questions was about focus. One of the things that I think we need to do is move back to our historical 50-50 owned versus option plots and as developers are coming back into the market, one of our primary objective is to maintain develop, maintain and support those relationships. So that we have people to delivering lots in front of us and the high absorption communities, the high absorption model of Express it is a perfect place to get some body in front of us doing it.
David Auld: I think we are learning that buyer and that market and adjusting different processes and procedures to meet the expectations that, that buyer has and I think our original, some of the original product we put out we probably were building more for ourselves than for the customer and we are adjusting that and really just drilling down and putting into the houses what that buyer really wants. And I guess it’s going to create efficiency and improve our overall performance of the brand.
David Auld: Yes we have. Yes, as we drill down and understand what that buyer wants we are generating higher margins.
David Auld: We are on plan meeting our absorption targets. So yes we are happy with where we are right now and so that’s…
David Auld: I think the mix is probably the biggest driver of the flat average sales price. We do and are experiencing pricing power in a lot of our markets.Eric Bosshard – Cleveland Research Company: Steady as she goes.
David Auld: Yes, consistency is I guess is kind of a right now, we are seeing a lot of consistency on the market at the subdivision level, at the division level and I think it’s going to be a good year.
David Auld: Steady consistent improvement in the ROI is the goal when we feel like it's we're doing the things today that should achieve steady improvement.
David Auld: I think the fit to low end would be a change in market conditions where right now we've been experiencing stability in the market and slight improvement kind of month-to-month quarter-to-quarter. We had a reset on values at spring which we responded to with additional incentives. But since that we're operating kind of on flat waters right now. 
David Auld: Well competition in the market is always there. We had a very [brief of] opportunity in 2011 and ’12, really we were the only ones buying. But since then everybody is back. Right now we are pretty much in a replacement mode mark-to-market. The markets that are generating high levels of sales is where we are putting most of the dollars. And I don’t remember the third part of the question.
David Auld: Typically we underwrite to a two year cash back program. So it depends on the absorption that we should be generating out of that on an average. So it’s 50 to 100 lots probably.
David Auld: In terms of the FHA, FHA clearly there is a lot of talk going on in terms of our assumption as we look at our business. We are not assuming any change in the mortgage environment, just the same current mortgage lending standards. Any changes going forward we will deal with those as they come.
David Auld: Right now we still see tremendous opportunities to invest in our business. We are generating improving returns. We are seeing the opportunity to grow at an improving return. So right now that is our highest priority. We would never rule out buybacks at some point in the future but right now we still see great opportunities in our business.
David Auld: You know that certainly possible Alex and certainly where we are on the calendar there is more of those that have the potential to come back in to the market but that’s not something we are specifically targeting necessarily.
David Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone’s time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in January to share our first quarter results. Thank you everybody. 
Michael Murray: And in terms of our approach to you know incentives across our brand, Steven we don’t see a significant change from where we have been in the past. We manage our incentives at community by community level and we go in regardless a brand with our business plan for each community and we look to achieve that and if depending on how the market responds then we adjust our incentive levels. I think that would apply to our approach really across all three of our brands.
Michael Murray: I think we're looking going forward Canada at a flat ASP hard to predict because the potential changes in mix that we'll be seeing. But as David said we're looking to grow all the brands Express growing probably at a faster clip than the other brands but we're still seeing good growth in demand across all brands and still seeing some markets where we have price appreciation which helps to offset a bit of the mix changes. 
Michael Murray: I think that’s a pretty fair characterization of everything Michael. Incentives have been flat on the closings that was correct and we are probably seeing a similar flat trend in the sales line right now. So that has brought us down for the full year margin expectations for next year from where we were in fiscal 2014.
Michael Murray: We have got some good development partners out there and we are going to try to grow this relationships and strengthen them.
Michael Murray: Specifically Mike we haven’t measured the -- we don’t have in front of us the production turn times for each by brand. So we really can’t comment any specific changes this quarter versus last.
Michael Murray: I wouldn't read anything special into whether we accelerated or decelerated in October. I think in general we would still say it's a very good sales environment, still a very good sales month for us. 20% was the floor. 
Michael Murray: Yeah, in general Mike our Express communities on absorption basis is about double our company average ball park, which is kind of inline with where our expectations would be and then Emerald is certainly lower than our company average but obviously the dollars per home is much greater.
Michael Murray: And then absent a change in market conditions I really feel the product mix changes as we roll out Express, primarily is the wild card in terms of exactly how that translates to margins quarter-to-quarter is probably the biggest driver and is assuming the market stays stable.
