Donald J. Tomnitz: Home building SG&A expense for the quarter was $221.9 million compared to $167.5 million in the prior year quarter as a percentage of home building revenues our SG&A was 10.8% this quarter compared to 10.2% in the prior year quarter. Fiscal year to date SG&A as a percentage of home sales revenues was 10.9% flat with last year. We are actively investing an SG&A infrastructure to support our current and expected growth. Additionally the third quarter SG&A percentage included a 20 basis point impact due to the increased valuation and compensation accruals, which increased because of our higher stock prices this quarter. And to correct myself our SG&A expense for the quarter was 10.6%. We expect SG&A as a percentage of home sales revenues to decrease sequentially on fourth quarter on higher expected revenues. Beyond fiscal 2014 our ongoing annual target for SG&A as a percentage of home building revenues is 10%.
Donald J. Tomnitz: In closing, we are pleased that we maintained our position as the largest builder in United States by volume for the 12 consecutive year. We are growing our volume at a faster rate than the overall industry and continue to capture additional market share. Based on the recent local leaders issue of Builder Magazine ranking homebuilders market share in the top 50 new home markets in the United States. D.R. Horton is the number one builder in four of the top 10 markets, is a top five builder in eight of the top 10 markets, has a double-digit percentage share in 10 markets, and is a top five builder in half of the top 15 new home markets. We also have a leading market share position in many markets outside of the top 50. Our leading market share position nationally and in many of our local markets provided the platform for us to produce very strong increases in a value of our sales, closings, and backlog of 32%, 28%, and 26% respectively. We generated another solid quarter of profitability with consolidated pre-tax income of $171.8 million and $2.1 billion of revenues. We have also made good progress this year towards our long-term goal producing positive cash flow from operations was still growing the business. In the first nine months of fiscal 2014, our cash used in operating activities declined by $560 million as compared to the prior year period. We expect additional substantial progress on our cash flow performance over the next year. We remain intently focused on growing our revenues at a double-digit pace with strong profits while improving our cash flows and increasing our returns on invested capital. We are very well positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our three brands, and attractive finished lot and land position, and most importantly, our tremendous operational team across the country. D.R. and I would like to personally thank our employees for your continued hard work and accomplishments. We want to specifically thank our sales people for focusing on achieving their budgeted net sales in each week in each subdivision. A key element in improving our ROI and free cash flow. Keep it up and let’s finish our fiscal year out strong. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host any question.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Just normal fluctuations, nothing specific in the quarter that occurred, no specific charges. The comparison to the prior-year period we had received some more infrequent cash reimbursements in the prior-year quarter. This quarter we received no such reimbursements. So it's just simply a normal fluctuations.David Goldberg – UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And as we said for years, Steve, we said the normal margins in this industry are somewhere between 18% and 22% and our goal is to hit a 20% gross margin, 10% SG&A, and 10% pretax operating margin. So that’s our focus and it continues to be our focus.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We are in a strong position if you take a look at out total lot inventory of 175,000 lots and I’ve said after quarter after quarter after quarter our people have done a great job of buying land on lots at a very early time in the recovery. And what we are doing is taking those lots, putting homes on them and producing very good margins based upon our low costs in land on lots. Now important to realize this is community by community, every community has a different target depending on its own situation, there is certain market were our lot suppliers are more constrained, but we cannot replace the lots we have whether it’s very limited housing inventory. And so in those markets, our target absorptions are lower and we will push prices more there. Because that is the path to higher return in those communities, other communities there is not such good strengths and the best path is to drive volume at a consistent pace.Stephen S. Kim – Barclays Capital: That’s very helpful, thanks very much. Regarding the volume, we obviously are hearing about your plans across the price spectrum to grow pretty significantly and it looks very intriguing. One of the things that we gotten as pushback from folks is the Commonwealth, it sounds like an incredibly bold market strategy. In environment that frankly doesn't sound so bullish. My interpretation is that your strategy is not actually characterized, cannot be categorized as a bull market share. I was wondering if you could respond in your own words that the proliferation of your communities plant openings and Emerald, Express and D.R. Horton and in the context of somebody saying that’s sounds like a bull market strategy.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We also Steve, are leveraging of existing profitable platforms, so it’s not like we’re jumping into new markets that we don’t have operating platforms in today. To me it’s a very conservative later take demand is a market today.
Donald J. Tomnitz: (Indiscernible) please.Michael J. Rehaut – JPMorgan Securities LLC: And I’m sorry, and also if the incentives were more prevalent in some markets versus others.
Donald J. Tomnitz: As I’ve mentioned to Steve, and I’ll say it again and again, as said ever since we have been doing these conference calls, the normal gross margins on this industry, a range between 18% to 22%, we believe a normalized gross margin for ourselves, or somewhere right at the 20% level. and we were very fortunate and early stages of the recovery where we have a lot of pricing power, there was a lot of increase in medium prices of homes across the country, because I had, the market had overreacted in a lot of markets, and prices that decline more than they probably should have, but normal margins for us are 20%, 10% and as Bill said, a 20% level line.
Donald J. Tomnitz: It’s the biggest impediment of the housing industry continues to be job growth. and I still say that we continue to create a lot of temporary jobs and part-time jobs, and my comment is, is that part-time workers are now looking for a house, or looking for a full-time job. so I think combined the major thing that we can do to help the housing industry and all industries is to create permanent jobs and better paying jobs. and secondly to have a consumer confidence level where people can wake up in the morning, feel good about what’s going on in the economy and then the rights, so those two factors continue to drive our business more than anything else, but jobs, jobs, jobs is what grows our industry.Michael A. Roxland – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we’re underwriting as Jessica said earlier in the conference call, we’re underwriting our express, as well as our D.R. Horton are at 20% gross margin, I’d say 20% return, which then basically employs that are turning in our inventory couple times a year, but our gross margin as we said would be less than the 20% level. Yes.
Donald J. Tomnitz: You asked about how big it could be. we haven’t put necessarily specific targets on how big it could be. We’re still on the very early stages. we do expect substantial growth in Express and Emerald, that we expected to grow as well, but we haven’t necessarily put a specific target as far as percentage of the business, and really different times in the cycle, different economic conditions, the percentages of the business may fluctuate about. but clearly, right now, we expect substantial growth from where we are today.Stephen F. East – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And frankly their operating metrics as well as the just our style of operation reminded us so much of our formative days. And D.R. Horton the company and we are operating with very little capital and having do rolling option contracts and turning our inventory more quickly. And so we think that we’ll able to take what they are doing now and transition that over into some of our other operations were perhaps, we’re not as entrepreneurially oriented as we use to be or they are. So, great learning experience for us and they protested where well on our Division President meeting that we have in April. And already began the transfer ideas from them to us and from us to them.Adam Rudiger – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, as we said on the conference call, the vast majority of our spend was associated with just replacing lots, that we have rolled through roll off over the course of the past two quarters to three quarters, and rest of those actually on land development spend which was on developing loss that we had already purchased the land on. So, we believe again, we have a total of 178,000 – 175,000 total lots and that’s about a 4 point – eight or nine year supply based upon on our trailing 12 month sales. So, we feel like that, we are in a very, very strong position that we are not out there in marketplace today, paying higher price for land, that we’ve got a great land inventory as we said quarter-after-quarter, with that very, very low cost basis in it. So, we are being very conservative on that land purchasing right now.Eric Bosshard – Cleveland Research Company: Thank you.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Good morning.Kenneth Zener – KeyBanc Capital Markets: So, pretty exciting quarter here. You guys result obviously on a company basis reflect your initiatives whether it's Express or the numerous acquisitions. Yet I wonder if you have an adjective an early one, Don, for 15 given. I think income lack of income is a big and that’s missing this time but if you're looking at 20% gross margin I heard it a lot longer-term. Can you talk about how you're responding and if Bill I know you are doing it community by community, but I think that – markets like Sacramento and Phoenix were new sales are down rising existing inventory those are once distressed markets could you talk about what's happening there from your perspective and contrast that with the new home sales number today that had the South obviously Texas is a big number in there, where you're having down sales there which obviously you are having job growth and income growth. So you do you really view that market more as supply constraint and could you contrasted with the distressed market please. Thank you.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, first of all I’m going to state…Kenneth Zener – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  That was first question…
Donald J. Tomnitz: But clearly in Texas, when you look at our south central region in the sales we’re reporting clearly we are not down in Texas, clearly we are up substantially in our sales in Texas. So we would be – that would be gaining market share for us in Texas.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Spec versus build jobs as we’ve said in the last couple of quarters. We’re getting closer to our normal spread we’re a little bit lower margins on specs and than build jobs, but the gap is still higher then it has been over the long-term. So really no concerning trends there.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I don’t want anyone to get confused, we’re trying to explain to you what the historical gross margins have been in the industry 18% to 22%. And we’re not saying our margins are going to 20% whatever, we’re just basically trying to set a reasonable expectation out there right now. Because we believe that pricing has moderated over the last probably nine months to 12 months. Costs are definitely increasing as our subcontractors and our vendors continue to try to raise their prices given where they had to take their prices so low during the downturn. So, we’re finding increasing prices with moderating increases in sales prices and we believe that the norm as Bill said earlier, we are going to gravitate back to a more normal level, certainly 2013 was not a normal level in terms of gross margins, and land supply, and cost and everything else. So, we believe it’s going to gravitate back to a more traditional level, which is 20% gross margins.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We are not called anything on cycle. But clearly we drive, as Jessica, said 80% of our closing come from spec. So clearly we prepare for a volume level and our spec are an indicator of what our expectations are. But we don’t believe we are at a peak of cycle at all. We are just out there competing in the market and responding market by market.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Let’s go back to one thing that really drove our incentives, and a lot of those have to deal with David Auld, coming up here and spending some time, analyzing where we were and what we were doing. But he is known for years that we needed to hit the absorption level that we have projected when we funded a land deal and we have been reluctant and sometimes reticent to drive those absorptions at that level they were projected to be, because we’re trying to hold to a specific gross margin. And we’ve included that having a specific gross margin in the subdivision and not being to able to turn our inventory as frequently as we need to is not exactly the most optimum return on our money. so what really drove our incentives, not necessarily the market, not necessarily what we saw in the market, what drove our incentives was we are committed to hitting our absorptions and we believe by hitting our absorptions that we can deliver a higher return on inventory and a better return for investors. so that’s what drove our incentives.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We need to continue to hit our unit absorptions on a week by week basis and each subdivision and that's the best way – currently as ramp 13% to 14% our goal is 20% and that will probably take two or three year time period for us to achieve that but it's hitting those of absorption net per week per subdivision on a consistent basis as David said.
Donald J. Tomnitz: No not. Their opening backlog is not included in the 25% order growth.Buck Horne – Raymond James & Associates: Any of those sales from Crown included in the 25% I guess…
Donald J. Tomnitz: The sales we made post the acquisition to the end of the quarter 296 sales I believe we’re included in that 25% order growth. Buck Horne – Raymond James & Associates:  Okay, but otherwise it’s clean. Okay, and what was the community count X the Crown acquisition or, the active community count.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We think we moderate our labor costs as clearly were 40% larger and the second builder and we believe those kinds of volumes are going to help control our costs much better that our competition.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, frankly the way we have – Mike speaks specifically as to the acquisitions but generally speaking we are looking for builders who fit well within our business model who have a very efficient operations and also some people who – we can learn something from and just because we are the largest builder doesn’t – obviously we don’t have all the answers and lot of these entrepreneurial builders that Mike Murray is been working with truly have some unique ideas or certainly some ideas to remind us of the way we used to be. So as a result, I think that we are looking at been supplementing our existing markets on a number of situations and continuing to grow our market share in each of these markets as we continue to grow our market share in each one of our markets like we are in Atlanta, we get better cost and both on the labor side as well as on the material side and most importantly on the land side going forward.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you. I want to remind all of our D.R. Horton employees and especially our sales people that we do not need to be deterred from our mission. We have a revised business model that is going to be very accretive and additive to our shareholders, and we need to continue to focus on our mission. We are currently in a trailing 12 months; we closed 40% more homes and the second largest builder. We want to continue to dominate our markets and to be as profitable as we can in each one of our markets, but most importantly what you can do for us as you know to set your absorptions on a community by community basis, so that we can get our return on inventory from its current 13% to 14% up to 20% because that’s the best thing we can do for ourselves and our shareholders. So we thank you very much. Let's kick tail on the rest of the year.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, in terms of our comment on stable demand we saw a significant increase in demand in 2013. And we saw a significant price appreciation in 2013. And so the levels of demand a year ago had increased dramatically. We all know that has moderated some since then and as we assess this spring, we would say on an overall basis the demand is relatively stable with where it was last year. Obviously there are significant variations across our markets. Some markets were still seeing increasing demand, others are flatter. Generally in most markets we are seeing less price appreciation here this quarter. So really from our perspective settling into a more normal pattern perhaps modest growth, modest price appreciation, but not as dramatic as a year ago. Same thing for our incentives. A year ago our incentive levels were very low, extremely low. Now that is simply moving back to a more normal level and so reflectively than we would expect our margins to return to a more normal level, which is really around that 20% level. The margins when they get a point, two points, two and a half points higher than that 20% level are really the exception rather than the rule over the long-term.
Bill W. Wheat: And our number one focus is generating a 20% return on investment community by community and that is – that requires us balancing our pace, our pricing, our incentives, and our margin I guess volumes to maximize really the return. And so yes, we’ll give some incentive to achieve 25% sales increase will take that train.
Bill W. Wheat: I think it’s a very conservative strategy and if you look at our creation and our expansion of our express model. That’s creating a lot of the bullish scenario associated with our sales and we are in a limited number of markets now both our Express really in 22 markets in each stated and obviously we have 79 markets in 27 states and wish to expand the Express. With an ASP of $156,000 this quarter on Express, we feel very bullish about the opportunity to continue to expand Express and I think that will contribute to our higher than industry level sales on a go forward basis, simply because we have chosen apart of the market that we believe truly as underserved. And as I said last quarter a portion of the market that we feel comfortable is going to grow with the higher rate than the other parts of the market and that’s why we chose to leverage up ourselves and expand into Express, and as well we clearly believe there is demand in that segment of the market that there is no supply board. And so we don’t believe that’s an aggressive strategy, that just simply addressing a need in the market.
Bill W. Wheat: We’re not necessaries for giving specific guidance from next quarter, or the next quarter. in terms of margins, we are going to continue to balance the incentive to what we see in the marketplace and we still close a significant percentage of homes in the same quarter in which we sell them. So there is some reflection of the current market in our closings each quarter, but our overall guidance has really built the longer-term. We’re going to fluctuate around 20%, some quarters we may be higher than that, some quarters we may not.Dan M. Oppenheim – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much.
Bill W. Wheat: As Jessica said right now, our Express is running about 20% gross margin, even though it’s – we’re underwriting it for less, but we think that will probably decline some over the years.Stephen F. East – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Sure, got you. and then different subject, if you just look at the order progression through the quarter, we got noised the June absorptions much lower than the prior two months is better as one – what your progression looks like, did you see that in just any color on July.
Bill W. Wheat: And really we saw strong steady sales pace really throughout all three months of the quarter, typically when you get into June you start to see a little bit of seasonal slowdown, but we didn’t see very much. So, overall now we will still see good, consistent demand all three months.Stephen F. East – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay, thank you.
Bill W. Wheat: Well if you take a look at our net sales orders having increased 32% in value and our backlog having increased 26% in value. We believe, we’re at a really sweet spot. And we don’t see the real need to increase it significant over where it is today. And a matter of fact we might be able to decrease at some because obviously, we have industry leading sales increases, closing increases and backlog increases. So, we are far head of our competition at this stage.
Bill W. Wheat: The level will not gravitate back, that will increase is our return on inventory. Return on investment will increase and that is if you want to measure the progress of our strategy and how we execute our business, watch our increasing returns on investment quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter over the next couple of years because our plan is for that to increase steadily. And we believe that returns are much more important to our overall performance and helping the company then one element on the P&L then gross margin is returns.Kenneth Zener – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Thank you.
Bill W. Wheat: Hey, Jay. On your land – comment about land we are not decreasing our land investment, we are maintaining what we believe is that adequate substantial land investment around 179,000 lots owned and controlled, 125,000 lots owned. So we are replacing, we bought early in the cycle, we believe that that level will support double-digit growth on the top line, which is still our expectation. We’ve always been focused on return, we’ve always been focused on balancing our volume and our pricing to optimize our returns. As we move through the spring and we’ve adjusted incentives the gross margin line has adjusted, but at the same time we believe that’s more than balanced by our increase in volume. And so we are not pulling back, there is really been no shift from that perspective which essentially delivering stronger returns on the investments we’ve made.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, it is at our division level it’s on an annual basis, is the pretax income that division generates, divided by the average inventory balance. And just to give you where we are currently today, we are sitting at around 13.5%, that is our run rate on our internal ROI and so that target is to get that our guys get our divisions up to 20% or better. On a company wide level, return on invested capital, obviously that’s a very well calculation obviously to the extend that we do a better job internally with our guys at ROI, our return on invested capital will be better for the company, which you can just as easily simply look at return on inventory for us, look at pretax income divided by our average inventory for the company as well and it would be pretty similar.Nishu Sood – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, we don’t make specific quarter comments on that, but it can be volatility on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but what we would comment on as we expect our operating cash flow metric to continue to improve here, and out returns to continue to improve. And our goal is to get to a point where we are both growing the company, growing revenues at double-digit pace while improving our returns in and getting to a positive cash flow position.Jade Rahmani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And just to follow-up, do you think the fourth quarter operating and free cash flow are likely to be positive. In other words more cash flow generated from home sales then to replenish inventory
Bill W. Wheat: Again, we’re not going to comment on one quarter of cash flows, but it's certainly possible, but it's that we’re not going to comment on one quarter cash flows measures. Specifically our goal is in fiscal year 2015, free cash flow and have free cash flow at an increasing amount and every fiscal year there after as our long-term goal.Jade Rahmani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  And just a clarification on the 20% gross margin is that inclusive of the purchase accounting charges for the next three quarters or that’s before that.
Bill W. Wheat: Sorry, Alex, we have a, we look builder by builder at different opportunities and look for different geographies different customer segments and were different capabilities to add to our existing platform, looking all the time for a good cultural fit. There is no set recipe or formula for what works and the motivation of the sellers also a big factor in whether we’ll we have the successful transaction or not. But it’s not something were driven or compel to do. But it’s a good opportunity that we can take advantage of – it’s going to make sense for us to do those.Alex Barrón – Housing Research Center: Got it. And then I guess a separate question, maybe for Jessica do you some type of community counts or percentage of your over all communities that are in Emerald and Express as a percentage of total or just some absolute numbers.
David V. Auld: We are not trying to do Greenfield as a market, so we don’t know anything about, we no a lot about the markets. We’re just opening our new brand, which we feel like the market is being underserved.Stephen S. Kim – Barclays Capital:  Makes a lot of sense. Thanks a lot guys.
David V. Auld: We liked about that opportunity was a geographic footprint within the Atlanta market itself that, we weren’t serving well that grounded in very good job of serving with the very efficient platform, great team of people, very happy to have those on as part of our organization. And Atlanta is a very large housing market in the country. It will, it is on the rebound and permits growing there. Job growth has been good in Atlanta. And we are seeing very good demand in a broad range of the submarkets around Atlanta.
David V. Auld: And I’m going to answer the way I’ve been answering here for the last quarter or actually the last four or five quarters. I do not want to get into specific markets and talk about the strength or weaknesses in the individual market, and yes I read the same things about Sacramento and Phoenix and those different markets and we are experiencing pretty much what everybody else is experiencing in those markets. So they are both difficult markets.
Jessica Hansen: And Steven, so what you’re actually seeing so far, I would say is better than expected margins on express, and they are trending relatively close to that 20% range, just high of that that made change as we go forward, because as we said multiple times throughout the call, we are focused first and foremost on that 20% ROI. And if we’re turning to inventory quick enough, as Don said, we can work for a little bit less gross margins. but in terms of our gross margin, a guidance, which really, isn’t guidance, but in terms of it being around that 20% that’s just a combination of our day-to-day business and isn’t really an expectation of Express, becoming a bigger piece of our business. It will become a bigger piece of our business, but we think we can run all three brands combined and put out somewhere around a 20% gross margin over the long-term.Stephen F. East – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay.
Jessica Hansen: And really just on July what we said on that call, that we’re continuing to see year-over-year improvement in our July sales. And so I’d say we’re pleased just like we were in Q2 thus far we’re not finished with July, but we’re happy with what we’ve seen.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Eric. That 33% of the homes we sold this quarter were actually close to this quarter as well. So, I kind of said that backwards. That sold and closed in the same quarter was 33%, of our closing.Eric Bosshard – Cleveland Research Company: And then the second question interested in the strategic thinking at this point in a cycle with land purchases and how you are thinking about – the desire the demand to add more land to inventory I know that you continue to be active there. But how are you thinking about that in terms of the magnitude and if the type of land that you are acquiring and that’s changing at all.
Jessica Hansen: We haven’t had time to actually look at the new home sales numbers and they came out the minute our call started. That being said, Ken I mean we are battled a lot of times when we see it, because it doesn’t necessarily look the same as what we are seeing in our internal results for those period.Kenneth Zener – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay, that’s fair and I do understand it’s just there is obviously several different markets occurring. How about this then? Given what you’ve talked about and I appreciate the sequential breakdown in gross margin. With price flattening cost going up generically it’s all pace. Can you talk about the spread this quarter and last quarter relative to units closed from backlog versus spec units with you guys drive a lot of volume through? Thank you.
Jessica Hansen: And same thing as usual for us Ken, that about 80% of the homes we closed this quarter were spec. So, when you see our reported gross margin that is essentially our spec gross margin.
Jessica Hansen: That’s a hard one Bob just because we have three different product types now in terms of our brands and we don’t know what the market’s going to deliver, so we’re going to stay we’re just similar to slightly up.Robert Wetenhall – RBC Capital Markets: Cool. Understood. 13.5% on the way to 20% what it your mind just for trajectory for that to happen what has to fall into place to close the gap? Thanks
Jessica Hansen: Right now we are seeing more of an impact I’d say on the labor side and our land still continues to be a benefit because we were early movers and in terms of our stick and brick costs we are seeing some pressure on the material side. But more so on the labor side its specifically in those local markets where we’ve seen pretty good growth in volumes.
Jessica Hansen: We will talk about in terms of our average and just to give a good representation and let me correct myself with Crown sequentially we are up 4%.Joel T. Locker – FBN Securities, Inc.: You are up 4%. And 11% year-over-year.
Jessica Hansen: Yes.Joel T. Locker – FBN Securities, Inc.: And then, just last question on what was your dollar amount of customer deposits you had at third quarter end.
Jessica Hansen: No, Alex. I mean we haven’t disclosed our community count and right now, we are just talking about how many markets were offering Emerald and Express in.
